december 12th
december 12th
principal mr. robertson
principal mr. robertson
dear sir , 
dear sir , 
i want to thak you for preparing such a good programme for us and especially for taking us to the river trip to greenwich . i would like to know if there is any chance of changing the programme because we have found a very interesting activity to do on tuesday 14 march . it consists on visiting the london fashion and leisure show in the central exhibition hall . i think it's a great opportunity to make greater use of our knowledge of english language . on the other hand , we could learn the different ways to get to the central exhibition hall . 
i want to thank you for preparing such a good programme for us and especially for taking us on the river trip to greenwich . i would like to know if there is any chance of changing the programme because we have found a very interesting activity to do on tuesday 14 march . it consists in involves visiting the london fashion and leisure show at the central exhibition hall . i think it's a great opportunity to make greater use of our knowledge of the english language . also , we could learn the different ways to get to the central exhibition hall . 
i suggest that we should go to the national art gallery in the morning and instead of having the afternoon free we could go to the fashion and leisure show . 
i suggest that we should go to the national art gallery in the morning and instead of having the afternoon free we could go to the fashion and leisure show . 
i will be writing anxiously for your response . 
i will be waiting anxiously for your response . 
yours faithfully
yours faithfully
( famous people , such as politicians and film stars , deserve to have a private life without journalists following them all the time ) 
( famous people , such as politicians and film stars , deserve to have a private life without journalists following them all the time ) 
famous people such as singers , film stars , etc are always the centre of attention . as some of them are considered idols , their fans want to know how they act in their private lives , with their family or friends . as a response to this demand of information , journalists follow famous people day and night in many different ways , for example , chasing their cars , taking photographs or breaking into their houses while they are on holidays . 
famous people such as singers , film stars , etc , are always the centre of attention . as some of them are considered idols , their fans want to know how they behave in their private lives , with their family or friends . as a response to this demand for information , journalists follow famous people day and night in many different ways , for example , chasing their cars , taking photographs or breaking into their houses while they are on holiday . 
this situation affects famous personal lives because they are not allowed to have privacy 
this situation affects famous people because they are not allowed to have any privacy . 
the most important thing is that , although they are famous , they are just normal people that deserve to have a private life without journalists and fans following them all the time , and on the other hand people have to learn to respect the famous right to keep their personal lives in secret . 
the most important thing is that , although they are famous , they are just normal people that deserve to have a private life without journalists and fans following them all the time , and on the other hand people have to learn to respect the famous the right the right of the famous to keep their personal lives secret . 
in my opinion famous people are being obliged to pay a price for being famous that in some cass , costs more than they deserve to pay . 
in my opinion famous people are being obliged to pay a price for being famous that , in some cases , costs more than they deserve to pay . 
to mr. robertson
to mr. robertson
i am writing to tell you something about the three-day trip to london . 
i am writing to tell you something about the three-day trip to london . 
i have seen your programme for the trip and i think it is going to be a great trip . thank you very much for organising this trip and putting all your spare time and effort into it . personally , i enjoy looking and learning about new inventions and all the science . that is why i think the trip to the science museum is a good idea . however , my class and i have seen an advertisement about a fashion and leisure show . we are attracted to this show and would like to go . unfortunately , it is on 14th march , which is the day we will be visiting the science museum . 
i have seen your programme for the trip and i think it is going to be a great trip . thank you very much for organising this trip and putting all your spare time and effort into it . personally , i enjoy looking at and learning about new inventions and all the science . that is why i think the trip to the science museum is a good idea . however , my class and i have seen an advertisement for a fashion and leisure show . we are attracted to this show and would like to go . unfortunately , it is on 14th march , which is the day we will be visiting the science museum . 
this show is on the 14th march . it is in the central exhibition hall and will start and ten o'clock and finish at five o'clock in the evening . apparently , this show is free to all students , which means if we went , the cost of the trip will be cut down . 
this show is on the 14th march . it is in the central exhibition hall and will start at ten o'clock and finish at five o'clock in the evening . apparently , this show is free to all students , which means if we went , the cost of the trip would be reduced . 
i think it is a great opportunity because it is based on fashion . we like to keep up with the rage but i think it will help those who want to become a fashion designer later on . 
i think it is a great opportunity because it is based on fashion . we like to keep up with the trends but i think it will help those who want to become fashion designers later on . 
i have a suggestion on how the programme could be changed . the shopping time could be after the show and the free time exchanged for the science museum . if we go to the show , we can do without the free time . 
i have a suggestion on how the programme could be changed . the shopping time could be after the show and the free time exchanged for the science museum . if we go to the show , we can do without the free time . 
please give this your careful consideration . . 
please give this your careful consideration . . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
in a country like the uk , we are all bound to have houses . we either own it , or we simply borrow it from other people . we take our homes for granted . think about the people in the poor countries ! they struggle to survive . however , as we approach the future , our homes will start to change . 
in a country like the uk , we are all bound to have houses . we either own it , or we simply borrow it from other people . we take our homes for granted . think about the people in the poor countries ! they struggle to survive . however , as we approach the future , our homes will start to change . 
have you ever thought about how the changes will affect our lives ? i doubt it . 
have you ever thought about how the changes will affect our lives ? i doubt it . 
there will be lots of differences in our homes of the future from our homes now , but there may also be a lot of similarities . for one , the future homes might not be built out of bricks at all ! it may be built out of a stronger substance or a more attractive one , such as glass . non-breakable glass . also , due to global warming , sea levels might rise and risk of flooding will also rise . therefore , houses will be built on high supports . all domestic appliances such as showers , kettles , lights , tv and curtains may be voice activated . incredibly high security will prevent robbery . 
there will be lots of differences in our homes of the future from our homes now , but there may also be a lot of similarities . for one , the future home might not be built out of bricks at all ! it may be built out of a stronger substance or a more attractive one , such as glass . non-breakable glass . also , due to global warming , sea levels might rise and the risk of flooding will also rise . therefore , houses will be built on high supports . all domestic appliances such as showers , kettles , lights , tv and curtains may be voice activated . incredibly high security will prevent robbery . 
the future homes will also have many similarities , such as having a separate bathroom , and not having one in a bedroom , or having two floors or having garages . 
the future homes will also have many similarities , such as having a separate bathroom , and not having one in a bedroom , or having two floors or having garages . 
it has been a pleasure sharing my thoughts with you . what do you think will happen in the future ? 
it has been a pleasure sharing my thoughts with you . what do you think will happen in the future ? 
dear mr robertson , 
dear mr robertson , 
regarding the programme you have organised , it is great ideas everything that you have planed , but i would like to suggest to you something that the students saw in an advertisement . 
regarding the programme you have organised , is a great idea everything that you have planned everything that you have planned is a great idea , but i would like to suggest something that the students saw in an advertisement . 
it is good start to go on sightseeing by bus on monday morning , we can se all famous buildings in a few hours . it's seems relaxing to go to greenwich in the afternoon looking though the river . 
it is a good start to go on a sightseeing bus on monday morning , because we can see all the famous buildings in a few hours . it is will be relaxing to go to greenwich in the afternoon looking through over the river . 
the idea about going to science museum is fantastic , i read about the museum , it is really interesting in science history . after all morning in the museum , it is wonderful and on tuesday doing some shops , whereas the student have another idea for tuesday . 
the idea of going to the science museum is fantastic . i read about the museum , and it is really interesting for the history of science . after all morning in the museum , it is wonderful and on tuesday doing some shopping , whereas the students have another idea for tuesday . 
on wednesday after viseted national art gallery , we can have a chat about ours next holiday at the free time in the afternoon . 
on wednesday after we have visited the national art gallery , we can have a chat about our next holiday during the free time in the afternoon . 
the advertisement that students saw is about a fashion show , but to go to the show you will need cancel the tour on tuesday and add the show , because the show is from 10 . 00 to 19 . 00 . 
the advertisement that the students saw is for a fashion show , but to go to the show you will need to cancel the tour on tuesday and add the show , because the show is from 10 . 00 to 19 . 00 . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours faithfully , 
yours sincerely , 
freedom ! 
freedom ! 
nowadays the main attroction in the newspapers and television is private life of famous people . 
nowadays the main attraction in the newspapers and on television is the private lives of famous people . 
it is really interesting how people like knowing famous people life . without someone famous know , photographs take pictures secretly , try to get money on it . 
it is really interesting how people like to know about famous people's lives . without someone famous knowing , photographers take pictures secretly , and try to get money for them . 
sometimes being famous can get stress , everywhere they go there are people around them , especially journalists , trying to ask millions questions . 
sometimes being famous can get stressful , because everywhere they go there are people around them , especially journalists , trying to ask millions of questions . 
famous people deserve to have freedom to do whatever they want , but it is quite difficult to do thing in a public places , because nobody like famous politicians or film stars without asking questions . 
famous people deserve to have freedom to do whatever they want , but it is quite difficult to do things in public places , because nobody likes seeing famous politicians or film stars without asking questions . 
on the whole , to be rich and famous don't always bring happeness , whereas the majority of the population wish they were rich and famous . 
on the whole , being rich and famous doesn't always bring happiness , whereas the majority of the population wish they were rich and famous . 
dear mr robertson , 
dear mr robertson , 
thank you for organising good programme , especially like sightseeing from river trip to greenwich in london for three days . i am writing on behalf of my classmates to give the information of 'the london fashion and leisure show' which we would like to go and to huggest our opinion . 
thank you for organising a good programme , we especially like sightseeing from river trip to greenwich in london for three days . i am writing on behalf of my classmates to give you the information about 'the london fashion and leisure show' which we would like to go to and to suggest offer our opinion . 
we have seen an advertisement of last saturday 'the times' edition of the show . it will be held in central exhibition hall , london or tuesday march 14 from 10 . 00 to 19 . 00 . firstly , it will introduce latest fashions connecting millenium . secondly , we will be able to see leisure and sports wear about fashion trend of next year . it would be fantastic opportunity to the students who study a fashion . finally , we can see how to make up and make better hairstyle in the show . most of all , it is free for students to enter . 
we have seen an advertisement in last saturday's 'the times' edition of the show . it will be held in central exhibition hall , london on tuesday march 14 from 10 . 00 to 19 . 00 . firstly , it will introduce the latest fashions connecting millennium . secondly , we will be able to see leisure and sportswear about fashion trend of next year . it would be a fantastic opportunity for the students who study fashion . finally , we can see how to do make-up and create better hairstyles in the show . most of all , it is free for students to enter . 
we would like to know if it is possible to change your programme . we would be grateful if we could go there in the afternoon on 14 march because we are able to go shopping . 
we would like to know if it is possible to change your programme . we would be grateful if we could go there in the afternoon on 14 march because we are able to go shopping . 
we look forward to hearing from you . 
we look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
it was dangerous , but i knew i had to do it . 
it was dangerous , but i knew i had to do it . 
whenever i recollet it , i feel self-confident . when i was twenty years old , i had to go to army . as you know , my country has been separated into two countries ( south and north korea ) . however , instead of going to army , i was able to apply to korea auxiliary police . 
whenever i recollect it , i feel self-confident . when i was twenty years old , i had to go into the army . as you know , my country has been separated into two countries ( south and north korea ) . however , instead of going into the army , i was able to apply to join the korea auxiliary police . 
one year later , i was working in kang-nam police station in seoul . suddenly , the theft signal came into . so , another policeman and i had to arrive at the accident place quickly . when we arrived at the place which it happened , one man started running away . without any thought , i ran quickly like a swallow . then , he tried to go over the wall , i held his leg . he fell down and we had to stare at each other . after we fought for a minute , i was able to arrest him . as a result , i could go on vacation . when i said to my mother , she asked me not to do it again . 
one year later , i was working in kang-nam police station in seoul . suddenly , the burglar alarm came on . so , another policeman and i had to arrive at the accident place quickly . when we arrived at the place where it happened , one man started running away . without any thought , i ran quickly like a swallow . then , he tried to go over the wall , i held his leg . he fell down and we had to stare at each other . after we fought for a minute , i was able to arrest him . as a result , i could go on vacation . when i told my mother , she asked me not to do it again . 
but , i was a police-man . therefore , i had to do it in spite of it being dangerous . 
but , i was a policeman . therefore , i had to do it in spite of it being dangerous . 
dear mr robertson
dear mr robertson
in the name of the class i would like to thank you for the excellent programme you have organised , especially the idea of visiting a galery . 
on behalf of the class i would like to thank you for the excellent programme you have organised , especially the idea of visiting a gallery . 
however , we have seen an advertisement for the london fashion and leisure show it would be on the 13th of march from 10 . 00 to 19 . 00 . it is a famous exhibition , where are showed latest fashions , leisure and sports wear , make up and hairstyles . 
however , we have seen an advertisement for the london fashion and leisure show . it is on the 13th of march from 10 . 00 to 19 . 00 . it is a famous exhibition , where are shown the latest fashions , leisure and sports wear , make-up and hairstyles the latest fashions , leisure and sports wear , make-up and hairstyles are shown . 
we are all very interested in the show because england people have a different kind of life . it is also unusual to have such a great opportunity in our country . 
we are all very interested in the show because english people have a different kind of life . it is also unusual to have such a great opportunity in our country . 
could it be possible to cancel the museum and the shopping time and to replace them by the london show ? we may go earlier to the museum or on the 15th march instead of the afternoon free time . 
would it be possible to cancel the museum and the shopping time and to replace them with the london show ? we could go earlier to the museum or on the 15th march instead of in the afternoon during our free time . 
i hope you will consider my request . i'am looking forward to hearing from you . 
i hope you will consider my request . i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
my dream
my dream
it was dangerous , but i knew i had to do it . i had always wanted to swim in the middle of sharks . 
it was dangerous , but i knew i had to do it . i had always wanted to swim with sharks . 
i lived in a small village on the ocean . my father was a captain on a huge boat . when i was a child , i used to go with him travelling from harbours to harbours . i grew up through the water world and i couldn't live whitout it . 
i lived in a small village on the ocean . my father was a captain on a huge boat . when i was a child , i used to go with him travelling from harbour to harbour . i grew up through the water world and i couldn't live without it . 
once i was fishing , when sharks came all around me . i got the strange feeling i could jump and follow them . since this famous experience , i dreamt every night about that . 
once i was fishing when sharks appeared all around me . i got the strange feeling i could jump and follow them . since this famous experience , i dreamt about that every night . 
one saturday i got on my motorboat and rode far away from the reef . my father was sitting next to me thinking that i was crazy . some minutes later i was doing it , spending time with the fish , swimming round the sharks . 
one saturday i got into my motorboat and rode far away from the reef . my father was sitting next to me , thinking that i was crazy . some minutes later i was doing it , spending time with the fish , swimming round the sharks . 
i had done what i had never expected to do . now i can die in freedom . 
i had done what i had never expected to do . now i can die in freedom . 
dear mr robertson
dear mr robertson
i'm writing to you concerning the london trip that my english class is going to do in march . 
i'm writing to you concerning the london trip that my english class is going to go on in march . 
first of all i want to thank you for the good programme that you mack for my class in such a short time . the students are especially very happy about the visit to the science museum , which we are going to do on tuesday morning of 14th march . 
first of all i want to thank you for the excellent programme that you make made arranged for my class in such a short time . the students are especially happy about the visit to the science museum , which we are going to make on tuesday morning on 14th march . 
the point of my letter is that students in my class have seen an advertisement for the london fashion and leisure show and they would appreciate if they could go and see the show . 
the point of my letter is that the students in my class have seen an advertisement for the london fashion and leisure show and they would appreciate it if they could go and see the show . 
the show is going to include latest fashions , leisure and sports wear , make up and hairstyles and best of all it is free for students to get in . 
the show is going to include the latest fashions , leisure and sports wear , make-up and hairstyles and best of all it is free for students to get in . 
the only problem is that the show is going to take place on tuesday of 14th march , so i'm wondering if you can make some changes in your programme . my class think that it is a great opportunity for them to see the show , because tuesday is the last day that the show is going to be showed . 
the only problem is that the show is going to take place on tuesday 14th march , so i'm wondering if you can make some changes to your programme . my class think that it is a great opportunity for them to see the show , because tuesday is the last day that the show is going to be showed . 
we suggest to swop shopping on tuesday and free time on wednesday , so we can see the show on tuesday afternoon . 
we suggest to swap swapping shopping on tuesday with the free time on wednesday , so we can see the show on tuesday afternoon . 
i'll hope that this matter doesn't going to cause you any problems and we hope for an answer as soon as possible . 
i hope that this matter isn't going to cause you any problems and we hope for an answer as soon as possible . 
thank you
thank you
the home of the futere 
the home of the future 
in what ways do you think people's homes will be different in the future ? 
in what ways do you think people's homes will be different in the future ? 
that is the question , which many people ask themselves and other people quite often . 
that is a question which many people ask themselves and other people quite often . 
the technologi is changing very fast and at the same moment as i'm writing my article about the future maybe technologists have made a new owen which co-operate with your refrigerator and has in the programme to make dinner for you every day without that you have to do anything . 
the technology technology is changing very fast and at the same time as i'm writing my article about the future maybe technologists have made a new oven which co-operates with your refrigerator and has a program to make dinner for you every day without you having to do anything . 
what about rooms which can feel your mood and acting after that , if you are tired for example then your stereo might put some relaxing musik on and turn down the light a little bit . next step might be a robot , which would do all your housework , but what would happened to the people ? 
what about rooms which can sense your mood and act according to that ? if you are tired for example then your stereo might put some relaxing music on and turn down the light a little bit . the next step might be a robot which would do all your housework , but what would happen to the people ? 
i think that everyone should not think just about the positive sides with technologi but also the negative . 
i think that everyone should think not just about the positive side of technology but also the negative . 
the technologi is good as long as it gives people more free time , but what would happened if freetime became your life ? 
the technology technology is good as long as it gives people more free time , but what would happen if free time became your life ? 
dear mr. robertson ! 
dear mr. robertson , 
thank you for giving us the chance to visit london . we all are exited about the programm you've prepared for us , especially about the visiting the national art gallery . 
thank you for giving us the chance to visit london . we are all excited about the programme you've prepared for us , especially about visiting the national art gallery . 
we have seen an advertisment for the london fashion and leisure show in a newspaper . 
we have seen an advertisement for the london fashion and leisure show in a newspaper . 
we think it could be great opportunity for us because we'll see the fashion show might shop for leisure and sports wear and all girls in our class are intrested in new styles in make up and hairdressing . and it is free for students ! 
we think it could be a great opportunity for us because we'll see the fashion show might shop for leisure and sports wear and all the girls in our class are interested in new styles in make-up and hairdressing . and it is free for students ! 
if you don't mind , we'd like to change the programme a little bit . instead of shopping on tuesday afternoon we'd like to go to this show , which will continue till 7 o'clock in the evening . 
if you don't mind , we'd like to change the programme a little bit . instead of shopping on tuesday afternoon we'd like to go to this show , which will continue till 7 o'clock in the evening . 
we all expect the trip to london to be exiting and hope to get unforgettable memories
we all expect the trip to london to be exciting and hope to return with unforgettable memories
best regards
best regards
your students
your students
the home of the future
the home of the future
our life is changing every day . new technological inventions bring us new cars , new planes , new houses . future is almost unpredictable . but what if we'll try to imagine how our house will look like in the next 50 or 100 years ? 
our life is changing every day . new technological inventions bring us new cars , new planes , new houses . the future is almost unpredictable . but what if we try to imagine what our house will look like in the next 50 or 100 years ? 
will we all live in countryside in house surrounded by forest full of animal life ? or would be our house itself alive ? with new computer technology nothing is impossible . the scintist could invent the 4'th dimention and we'll get unlimited space inside the house . 
will we all live in the countryside in houses surrounded by forest full of animal life ? or would our house itself be alive ? with new computer technology nothing is impossible . a scientist could discover the 4th dimension and we'd get unlimited space inside the house . 
it is already predictable , that very soon all house appliances will be voice controlled . you could tell your wardrobe what clothes you'd like to wear , your hob will cook your preferable meals and your refigerator will send orders to the supermarkets to buy the food . 
it is already possible that very soon all household appliances will be voice-controlled . you could tell your wardrobe what clothes you'd like to wear , your hob will cook your favourite meals and your refrigerator will send orders to the supermarkets to buy the food . 
lots of changes could be done in the future , but the main purpose of the house - to keep comfort and safety , to place for you to relax and feel at home , - will remain . 
lots of changes could occur in the future , but the main purpose of the home - to provide comfort and safety , a place for you to relax and feel at home - will remain . 
dear mr robertson . 
dear mr robertson , 
it is a pleasure to write to you and we want to thanks for organising a school trip to london . we have seen the programme list and we all think it will be enjoyable . especially to the science museum because we all doing science in school . 
it is a pleasure to write to you and we want to thank you for organising a school trip to london . we have seen the programme and we all think it will be enjoyable . especially to the science museum because we are all doing science in school . 
recently , some students have seen an advertisment about a fashion and leisure show in london . it will be on the 14th and we all want to go . so , it would be greatful if you can give us this opportunity to watch the show . 
recently , some students have seen an advertisement about a fashion and leisure show in london . it will be on the 14th and we all want to go . so , it would be grateful great if you could give us this opportunity to watch the show . 
this is a great opportunity to learn something else because most of us have not been to this kind of show and it is free for students . it will be incredible if we have a chance to watch the show . so could you give us permission to go ? 
this is a great opportunity to learn something new because most of us have not been to this kind of show and it is free for students . it will be incredible if we have a chance to watch the show . so could you give us permission to go ? 
we also can suggest how the originally programme can be changed . we will have free time on wednesday afternoon . so we can do shopping instead . then , we can go to the show during that period 
we can also suggest how the original programme can be changed . we will have free time on wednesday afternoon . so we can go shopping instead . then , we can go to the show during that period . 
we are all looking forward for you answer . 
we are all looking forward to your answer . 
faithful 
faithfully sincerely 
12-12-00
12-12-00
it was dangerous , but i knew i had to do it . because there was a man had a serious car accident and i was walking pass him . nobody had noticed him because it happened at night and the car had actually crashed into the bushes . 
it was dangerous , but i knew i had to do it , because there was a man who had had a serious car accident and i was walking past him . nobody had noticed him because it happened at night and the car had actually crashed into the bushes . 
i was thinking 'what should i do ? ' i haven't got my mobile phone with me and i was half way between my school and home . at that time he was unconcious , i kept asking myself ' should i wake him up or try to use my unsure first aid skill to deal with him . i was struggling because i knew if i didn't help him , he would die in a short time . 
i was thinking 'what should i do ? ' i hadn't got my mobile phone with me and i was halfway between my school and home . at that time he was unconscious . i kept asking myself ' should i wake him up or try to use my dubious first aid skills to help with him . " i was struggling because i knew if i didn't help him , he would die in a short time . 
i decided to do something to this man , my first move was to check was there any solid or liquid which could blocked his breathe . and checking his body condition . after that i turned on the car light in order to tell the passing cars . 
i decided to do something for this man . my first move was to check whether there was any solid or liquid which could have blocked his breathing airways . and i checked his body condition . after that i turned on the car's lights in order to warn the passing cars . 
i ran back home for help . i phoned to police and told the whole story . the strange thing happened to me , when i got back to that man . the car and the man were not there anymore . where could they be ? i was wondering . 
i ran back home for help . i phoned the police and told them the whole story . a strange thing happened to me , when i got back to that man . the car and the man were not there anymore . where could they be ? i was wondering . 
oh , sorry they were not in this road , they were in the next road . 
oh , sorry they were not on this road . they were on the next road . 
dear mr robertson , 
dear mr robertson , 
i am writing to thank for your interesting and excellent programme , that you has organised , especially concerning the opportunity to visit the national art gallery and the science museum . 
i am writing to thank you for the interesting and excellent programme that you have organised , and especially for the opportunity to visit the national art gallery and the science museum . 
i am also writing to ask for your permission to go to the london fashion and leisure show , which would be on tuesday 14 march . it will be a presentation of the latest fashions and about the leisure and sports wear . moreover there will be a demostration of a modern make up and new different , shaking hairstyles . 
i am also writing to ask for your permission to go to the london fashion and leisure show , which will be on tuesday 14 march . it will be a presentation of the latest fashions and of leisure and sports wear . moreover there will be a demonstration of modern make-up and new different , shaking hairstyles . 
i would like to add that it could be definetely a great opportunity because the tickets will be free for students . 
i would like to add that it would be definitely definitely be a great opportunity because the tickets will be free for students . 
finally , i would like to suggest that we could attend the show after visiting the science museum , instead of doing shopping . 
finally , i would like to suggest that we could attend the show after visiting the science museum , instead of going shopping . 
many thanks in advance for your cooperation . i look foward to hearing from you in the near future . 
many thanks in advance for your cooperation . i look forward to hearing from you in the near future . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
" it was dangerous , but i knew i had to do it " peter whispered smiling at me . 
" it was dangerous , but i knew i had to do it , " peter whispered , smiling at me . 
it was a cold , stormy , winter's night outside . the wind was blowing and the heavy rain was drumming agaist our bedroom window . i could hear a owl hooting in the tree nearby . my husband and i were sitting on our bed . 
it was a cold , stormy , winter's night outside . the wind was blowing and the heavy rain was drumming against our bedroom window . i could hear an owl hooting in the tree nearby . my husband and i were sitting on our bed . 
peter , my husband , was a tall , strong man in his mid-forty . we used to remember our daytime before felling asleep . as a postman , peter , had to deliver letters aroud our little village . he knew everybody , especially mrs rilke , an elderly , eagle-eyed teacher in retirement , who lived in a old cottage with her five bad-tempered dogs . she has never received any letter , since that morning . 
peter , my husband , was a tall , strong man in his mid-forties . we used to recount our day before falling asleep . as a postman , peter had to deliver letters around our little village . he knew everybody , including mrs rilke , an elderly , eagle-eyed teacher retired retired teacher , who lived in an old cottage with her five bad-tempered dogs . she had never received any letters , till that morning . 
" she was very angry when i arrived . she stared suspiciously at me through her glasses on the tip of her nose . after i had opened her gate , she called loudly her five , horrible dogs . i realised i had to run away , but i had still her letter . suddenly i made up my mind , and running as fast as a champion horse i reached her hands and left the letter , then i went away quickly and , fortunately , just in time to close the gate between me and the dogs ! 
" she was very angry when i arrived . she stared suspiciously at me through the glasses on the tip of her nose . after i had opened her gate , she called loudly to her five , horrible dogs . i realised i had to run away , but i still had her letter . suddenly i made up my mind , and running as fast as a champion horse i reached her hands and left the letter , then i went away quickly and , fortunately , was just in time to close the gate between me and the dogs ! " 
dear sir , 
dear sir , 
i am writing you to know about some comments and suggestions from some students about the trip you have already organized to london . 
i am writing to let you know about some comments and suggestions from some students about the trip you have organized to london . 
first of all , we would like to go to the london fashion and leisure show which takes place from monday 13th to wednesday 15th . it is opened from 10:00 to 19:00 and it is for free for students . 
first of all , we would like to go to the london fashion and leisure show which takes place from monday 13th to wednesday 15th . it is open from 10:00 to 19:00 and it is for free for students . 
this is a great opportunity because we can know more about leisure and fashion from this city . if you allow us to go we could change the programme in this way . 
this is a great opportunity because we can learn more about leisure and fashion in this city . if you allow us to go we could change the programme in the following way . 
firstly , on monday morning we can visit the presentation of the latest fashions and in the afternoon we could take a sightseeing by bus . secondly , on tuesday morning we can watch the leisure and sports wear and in the afternoon we can go to the science museum and finally , on wednesday , we can go and see the presentation of different hairstyles and makes up spending the afternoon in the national art gallery . 
firstly , on monday morning we can visit the presentation of the latest fashions and in the afternoon we could take a sightseeing bus . secondly , on tuesday morning we can see the leisure wear and sportswear and in the afternoon we can go to the science museum and finally , on wednesday , we can go and see the presentation of different hairstyles and make-up , spending the afternoon in the national art gallery . 
we hope you consider our suggestions letting us know your answer . 
we hope you will consider our suggestions and let us know your answer . 
yours faithfully
yours faithfully
the home of the future
the home of the future
if you think in the future you could think in faster and better machines , advanced technology or better life . all this will happen in the next 50 years , how can we be prepared to receive all these things in our homes ? 
if you think of the future you might think of faster and better machines , advanced technology or a better life . all this will happen in the next 50 years , how can we be prepared to receive all these things in our homes ? 
the next 50 years . 
the next 50 years . 
nowadays , our home life allow us to have more free time to spend doing leisure activities like practising sports or going out . in the close future we will be able to do nothing because everything will be done by computers and machines , ( washing-up , hovering , ironing , gardening , cooking , etc . ) the question is , will it be better life ? 
nowadays , our home life allows us to have more free time to spend doing leisure activities like practising sports or going out . in the near future we will be able to do nothing because everything will be done by computers and machines ( the washing-up , hoovering , ironing , gardening , cooking , etc . ) the question is , will it be a better life ? 
on the one hand , we will be able to spend more time with our family and not to be worried about anything . no more housework , no more stress , nor more illnesses; everything will be perfect . 
on the one hand , we will be able to spend more time with our family and not be worried about anything . no more housework , no more stress , no more illnesses; everything will be perfect . 
on the other hand , life will be boring , a large amount of workers will be have redundant and housewives will not have anything to do which will be extremely boring and tedious . 
on the other hand , life will be boring , a large amount of workers will be redundant and housewives will not have anything to do , which will be extremely boring and tedious . 
what do you prefer ? do you enjoy doing nothing or do you really enjoy what you do ? it is your desicion . 
what do you prefer ? do you enjoy doing nothing or do you really enjoy what you do ? it is your decision . 
dear mr robertson
dear mr robertson
i am writing you with reference in the london trip we are having prery soon . 
i am writing with reference to the london trip we are making very soon . 
i am writing in reprecentation of my group , and all of us want to say thank you for take us abroad . 
i am writing on representation behalf of my group , and all of us want to say thank you for taking us abroad . 
we saw the activities program already and we think is exciting , especially the visit to the science museum . at the same time we would like to ask you something . 
we have seen the activities programme already and we think it is exciting , especially the visit to the science museum . at the same time , we would like to ask you something . 
there is going to be the london fashion and leisure show on the 14th of march , from 10 . 00 to 19 . 00 . we are realy interesting in this show . eventhough your program is perfect we will prefer to go there . 
the london fashion and leisure show is going to be on the 14th of march , from 10 . 00 to 19 . 00 . we are really interested in this show . even though your programme is perfect , we would prefer to go there . 
could you please be so kind and change some of the activities that we will have ? 
would you please be so kind as to change some of the activities that are planned ? 
we think is a grate oportunity , because as you know , we don't have acces to that kind of shows in this city . 
we think it is a great opportunity , because as you know , we don't have access to that kind of show in this city . 
in case you decide to change the program , we suggest on tusday go to the show and on wensday insted free time , visit the science museum . though we dont have shopping and free time . 
in case you decide to change the programme , we suggest on tuesday going to the show going to the show on tuesday and on wednesday , instead of free time , visiting the science museum . though we dont have shopping and free time . 
we are looking forward for your answer . 
we are looking forward to your answer . 
your sincerly ; 
yours sincerely , 
" the right person " 
" the right person " 
may 29 , 1997 . it was my first time in london . that night i went to a pub in bayswater . when they closed i took the 7 bus . 
may 29 , 1997 . it was my first time in london . that night , i went to a pub in bayswater . when they closed , i took the number 7 bus . 
i was living quite clouse to portobello road but i didn't know very well the area because all time i just had to get off in the courner of my house . but that day , like i was kind of drunk , i didn't realise that the bus took a different way ; so when i noticed it the driver was already asking me to get off , because we where in the garage in portobello . i told him , i didn't know where i was but he just seid sorry . 
i was living quite close to portobello road but i didn't know the area very well because all the time i just had to get off at the corner of my street . but that day , as i was kind of drunk , i didn't realise that the bus took a different route . so , when i noticed it , the driver was already asking me to get off , because we were in the garage in portobello . i told him i didn't know where i was , but he just said sorry . 
i was realy scare . there were some people aroun but i was afraid to ask them the way i should take . 
i was really scared . there were some people around but i was afraid to ask them the way . 
at least i asked a boy and he said " i'll tell you where is the place you are looking for , just follow me " . 
at last finally i asked a boy and he said " i'll tell you where the place you are looking for is , just follow me " . 
it was dangerous , but i knew i had to do it . 10 minutes after i was following him after fillowing him 10 minutes , i start knowing the place , and i was felling more confortable . 
it was dangerous , but i knew i had to do it . 10 minutes after following him after fillowing him for 10 minutes , i started to know to recognise the place , and i was feeling more comfortable . 
he took me right in front of my house . i thank him so much , and i was so happy that i asked to the right person and nothing wron happen to me . 
he took me right to the front of my house . i thanked him very much , and i was so happy that i asked the right person and nothing wrong bad happened to me . 
to: the principal of westminster college , mr robertson . 
to: the principal of westminster college , mr robertson . 
from: eirini x fce student
from: eirini x fce student
dear sir , 
dear sir , 
i am writing to you with a request for a change in the scedule of our trip to london . but , first of all , i would like to thank you for the time and the effort you have made to organize the entire programme . everything seams very interesting and i am sure that we will all have a very good time . 
i am writing to you with a request for a change in the schedule of our trip to london . but , first of all , i would like to thank you for the time and the effort you have put in to organize the entire programme . everything seams very interesting and i am sure that we will all have a very good time . 
unfortunatly i have to suggest a change for the programme of tuesday the 14th of march . that's because the " fashion and leisure show " takes place that date in london . all of the students - including my self , think of this as a great opportunity that would be pitty to be missed , especially when students can enter for free . 
unfortunately i have to suggest a change for the programme for tuesday the 14th of march . that's because the " fashion and leisure show " takes place that day in london . all of the students - including myself - think of this as a great opportunity that it would be a pity to miss , especially when students can enter for free . 
according to the day's programme , we are visiting the science museum in the morning and we are going shopping in the afternoon . my suggestion is to use wednesday's afternoon free time as an alternative solution of the shopping . this way we will be able to visit the central exhibition hall on tuesday evening , and see the show . 
according to the day's programme , we are visiting the science museum in the morning and we are going shopping in the afternoon . my suggestion is to use wednesday's afternoon free time as an alternative to the shopping . this way we will be able to visit the central exhibition hall on tuesday evening , and see the show . 
i hope that you will find this possible . 
i hope that you will find this possible . 
with best regards
with best regards
it was dangerous , but i knew i had to do it . 
it was dangerous , but i knew i had to do it . 
i had to try my limits for once again . this is my nature . i had to see how far i could go this time or , to be more specific , how high ! i've always wanted to taste the freedom that birds have , always been interested in listening to my blood pumpping in my vains , full of adrenaline , tolet myself free to shake , from excitement . 
i had to test my limits once again . this is my nature . i had to see how far i could go this time or , to be more specific , how high ! i've always wanted to taste the freedom that birds have , always been interested in listening to my blood pumping in my veins , full of adrenaline , to let myself free , to shake from excitement . 
there were my thoughts when i first saw the advertisement for a " sky dive " . i didn't hesitate much . the same afternoon i picked up the phone and i gave them a call . that was it . 
these were my thoughts when i first saw the advertisement for a " skydive " . i didn't hesitate much . the same afternoon i picked up the phone and i gave them a call . that was it . 
the following sunday i fint my self on a plain flying 20000ft from the ground . when the time for the jump came i had some second thoughts . but then , i thought of the birds again - of how nice it would be to share their world for a few minutes and , i jumped ! 
the following sunday i found myself on a plane flying 20000ft from the ground . when the time for the jump came i had some second thoughts . but then i thought of the birds again - of how nice it would be to share their world for a few minutes and i jumped ! 
well , danger is in my nature an life is nothing but an adventure . 
well , danger is in my nature and life is nothing but an adventure . 
dear mr robertson , 
dear mr robertson , 
i'm a student of your college and i write this letter for my class because i'm the class chief . 
i'm a student at your college and i am writing this letter for my class because i'm the class chief . 
on the hall of our classroom we have seen an advertisement for the london fashion and leisure show and we would like to go to the show is it possible . 
in the hall outside our classroom we have seen an advertisement for the london fashion and leisure show and we would like to go to the show if is that that is possible . 
we know that we will spend three days in london in a with a determinate programme . first of all we make thanks for the good programme especially for the science museum on tuesday 14th about the london fashion and leisure show we are very excite to go because it's on extravagant and unusual show with leisure , sports wear and hairstyles . 
we know that we will spend three days in london in a with a determinate programme . first of all we thank you for the excellent programme and especially for the visit to the science museum on tuesday 14th . regarding the london fashion and leisure show we would be very excited to go because it's an extravagant and unusual show with leisure , sportswear and hairstyles . 
as i see your programme the shopping is at the same time of the london fashion so i'll make you a suggestion: we'll start in the morning with the science museum and immediately after we'll go to central exhibition hall without doing shopping . 
as i see from your programme , the shopping trip is at the same time as the london fashion show so i'll make you a suggestion: we'll start in the morning with the science museum and immediately after we'll go to the central exhibition hall without doing any shopping . 
it would be a great opportunity because for students it's free . 
it would be a great opportunity because it's free for students . 
if you don't have problems we attend yours , we hope good answer . 
if you don't have problems we attend yours , we hope good answer . 
thank you
thank you
i think that my house isn't of the future . 
i don't think that my house is the house of the future . 
it is comfortable , not too big with a lot of carpets and antiques components for example potterys , my bed , and a wardrobe of my grandmother . 
it is comfortable , not too big with a lot of carpets and antique objects , for example , pottery , my bed , and a wardrobe of my grandmother's . 
think people's homes will be different in the future about the new materials of structures , they will have a lot of computers for doing recipes and making shopping while you are staying at home . 
i think people's homes will be different in the future regarding . regarding the new materials of structures , they will have a lot of computers for doing recipes and doing the shopping while you are at home . 
we will have a relaxing room , with soft light , music new age and a lot of essences . i think that we can't stop the progress but if we want we can conserve traditional things . 
we will have a relaxing room , with soft light , new age music and a lot of essences . i think that we can't stop progress but if we want we can conserve traditional things . 
the home of the future will be very impersonally and the atmosfear will be cold and very essencial . 
the home of the future will be very impersonal and the atmosphere will be cold and very essential . 
1/3/2000
1/3/2000
dear mr. robertson . 
dear mr. robertson . 
i'm a student in english class which going to spend three days in london ( 13th-14th march ) and i'm a representative student from my class to thanks you about your programme that you've already organised for us . it's really wonderful especially the river trip to greenwich . we feel can't wait until that time . 
i'm a student in an english class which is going to spend three days in london ( 13th-14th march ) and i'm the student representative from my class to thank you for the programme that you've already organised for us . it's really wonderful , especially the river trip to greenwich . we feel we can't wait until that time . 
however , the students in my class , we have seen an advertisement for the london fashion and leisure show which will be on 14th march between 10 . 00 to 19 . 00 at the central exhibition hall , london . the show has many interesting parts such as latest fashions , leisure and sports wear , make up and hairstyles and we are all agreed that it's a great opportunity for us because most of us are going to study fashion and design course in next term and the other students are also interesting in new fashion . so we think that it will be useful for all of us . 
however , the students in my class have seen an advertisement for the london fashion and leisure show , which will be on 14th march between 10 . 00 to 19 . 00 at the central exhibition hall , london . the show has many interesting parts such as the latest fashions , leisure and sports wear , make-up and hairstyles and we are all agreed that it's a great opportunity for us because most of us are going to study on a fashion and design course next term and the other students are also interested in new fashions . so we think that it will be useful for all of us . 
anyway , we still want to go to the science museum and shopping as well but we think we can go shopping on the last day afternoon of our trip . so we will have free time on the afternoon of the 14th march and we can spend this time enjoy the show . i'm also include the show's leaflet on the back of this letter . what do you think about this plan ? 
anyway , we still want to go to the science museum and to shop as well but we think we can go shopping on the last afternoon of our trip . so we will have some free time on the afternoon of the 14th march and we can spend this time enjoying the show . i'm also including the show's leaflet on the back of this letter . what do you think about this plan ? 
i'm looking forward to see your programme . 
i'm looking forward to seeing your programme . 
i believe that everyone in this world have curiosity . we're always want to know about others' life especially the famous one even the one that we hate . but we have to accept that everyone has their private life for example when we get married or when policeman stop us on the highway , we don't want any stranger notice that what is happening to us . 
i believe that everyone in this world has curiosity . we always want to know about others' lives , especially the famous - even the ones that we hate . but we have to accept that everyone has their private life . for example , when we get married or when a policeman stops us on the highway , we don't want any stranger to notice what is happening to us . 
famous people are also the normal people like us just because their jobs are known by every people , it doesn't mean that we can invade their privacy . they also want to have special time with their family or their friends . it's not fair for them to have journalists following them and take their photographs and some journalists write the news that not true . we also can't deny that the journalists' job is to know what's going on with these famous people . but it doesn't mean that they have to follow these stars all the time , they should give them some privacy . 
famous people are also normal people like us . just because their jobs are known by everybody , it doesn't mean that we can invade their privacy . they also want to have some special time with their family or their friends . it's not fair for them to have journalists following them and taking their photographs , and some journalists write reports that are not true . we also can't deny that the journalists' job is to know what's going on with these famous people . but it doesn't mean that they have to follow these stars all the time . they should give them some privacy . 
on the other hand , these stars should accept that they are famous people so everyone wants to know about their life . the best way is they , the famous stars and the journalists , should compromise and respect each other's rights . 
on the other hand , these stars should accept that they are famous people so everyone wants to know about their life . the best way is if they , the famous stars and the journalists , compromise and respect each other's rights . 
dear mr robertson . 
dear mr robertson . 
i am writing to express the deserve of all students in my class to visit the london fashion and leisure show at central exhibition hall , on tuesday 14 march . 
i am writing to express the desire of all the students in my class to visit the london fashion and leisure show at the central exhibition hall , on tuesday 14 march . 
all students have seen an advertisement for that and they would like to go to the show . i think that will be very good programme . especially the part of the latest fashions , because is something which affect the people of all ages today . 
all the students have seen an advertisement for that and they would like to go to the show . i think that will be a very good event , especially the part about the latest fashions , because it is something which affects people of all ages today . 
but also the rest parts of the show seems to be very interesting . leisure and sports wear is very interesting . i think that young people are affected from that in the way they dressed . 
but also the other parts of the show seem to be very interesting . leisure and sports wear is very interesting . i think that young people are affected by that in the way they dress . 
make up and hairstyles are also very important especially for our class , because the most students of our class are girls . the girls are interesting more than boys , for make up and hairstyle . and they want to know all the latest news about these . 
make-up and hairstyles are also very important , especially for our class , because most of the students in our class are girls . the girls are interested more more interested than boys in make-up and hairstyles and they want to know all the latest news about these things . 
i know that for tuesday 14 march you have already organise the programme which including for morning a visit to science museum and for afternoon shopping but we can change that as follows:
i know that for tuesday 14 march you have already organised the programme , which includes for the morning a visit to the science museum and for the afternoon shopping but we can change that as follows:
tuesday morning until 15 . 00 visit to science museum
tuesday morning until 15 . 00 visit to science museum
tuesday afternoon from 1600 to 1900 visit to the london fashion and leisure show . 
tuesday afternoon from 1600 to 1900 visit to the london fashion and leisure show . 
thank you very much . i am apologise for any incovenience . and i am waiting for your reply . 
thank you very much . i apologise for any inconvenience and i am waiting for your reply . 
yours sincerelly 
yours sincerely 
famous people , such as politicians and film stars , deserve to have a private life without journalists following them all the time . 
famous people , such as politicians and film stars , deserve to have a private life without journalists following them all the time . 
i think that they have right because , they are also people like me or like you and they should have private life . private life is very important to anyone , because your job create you stress and you should rest , charge your batteries for the next day . 
i think that they have a right because they are also people like you or like me and they should have a private life . a private life is very important for everyone , because your job creates stress and you should rest and recharge your batteries for the next day . 
if journalists following you step by step is difficult to have a private life . 
if journalists are following your every step it is difficult to have a private life . 
on the other hand . i believe that journalists doing their work , but sometimes they try to impress their boss and always . following the famous people in order to discover something new of their lifes . 
on the other hand , i believe that journalists are doing their job , but sometimes they try to impress their boss and they are always following famous people in order to discover something new about their lives . 
another thing is the pressure . from media owners and the difficulty for someone to find job in our days . 
another thing is the pressure from media owners and the difficulty for someone to find a job these days . 
media owners want to maximize their profits and always press the journalists to find something new . 
media owners want to maximize their profits and always press the journalists to find something new . 
to conclude journalists should doing their work but without annoyance to the other people . private life is right to anyone and all we should respect it . 
to conclude journalists should do their work but without annoying other people . a private life is right to everyone everyone's right and we should all respect that . 
dear mr robertson , 
dear mr robertson , 
i am writing with reference to the three day trip in london . thank you very much for organising the programme , which seems extremely interesting . especially , sightseeing by bus must be enjoyable . 
i am writing with reference to the three-day trip to london . thank you very much for organising the programme , which seems extremely interesting . in particular , the sightseeing by bus should be enjoyable . 
however , my classmates and i also found another fascinating thing about the trip . it is 'the london fashion and leisure show' at central exhibition hall in london on 14th of march , which shows the latest fashions , leisure and sports wear , make up and hairstyles . we all found it exciting and exhilarating . it must be a great opportunity to see the show because we are keen on fashions and clothes . in addition , students can go without paying any fees . 
however , my classmates and i also found another fascinating thing about the trip . there is 'the london fashion and leisure show' at the central exhibition hall in london on the 14th of march , which shows the latest fashions , leisure and sports wear , make-up and hairstyles . we all found it exciting and exhilarating . it is a great opportunity to see the show because we are keen on fashions and clothes . in addition , students can go without paying any fees . 
therefore , i wonder if we could possibly change the programme slightly on 14th march . we would like to see the show on tuesday afternoon , instead of shopping . we can go shopping on wednesday afternoon at the free time . 
therefore , i wonder if we could possibly change the programme slightly on 14th march . we would like to see the show on tuesday afternoon , instead of shopping . we can go shopping on wednesday afternoon during our free time . 
i would be grateful , if you could understand our concern and change the programme on 14th of march . 
i would be grateful if you could understand our concern and change the programme on 14th of march . 
i look forward to hearing from you soon . 
i look forward to hearing from you soon . 
yours faithfully , 
yours sincerely , 
famous people , such as politicians and film stars , are always followed by journalists . do they have to give up their private lives ? 
famous people , such as politicians and film stars , are always followed by journalists . do they have to give up their private lives ? 
first of all , i think they should accept the fact that they are well-known and they should be observed all the time , as we are curious to know what they do and we love to gossip about others . moreover , it might be a good thing that scandales usually increase their fame , even if they did anything wrong . 
first of all , i think they should accept the fact that they are well known and they should be observed all the time , as we are curious to know what they do and we love to gossip about others . moreover , it might be a good thing that scandals usually increase their fame , even if they do something wrong . 
on the other hand , it is also said that their private lives must not be intruded , as they are the same as us , human beings . it does not seem possible that we can live without any private life . 
on the other hand , it is also said that their private lives must not be intruded on , as they are the same as us , human beings . it does not seem possible that we can live without any private life . 
to sum up , although i think they ought to abondone their lives partly when they entre the world of fame , they should take some actions against journalists in order to protect their human rights . 
to sum up , although i think they ought to abandon their lives partly when they enter the world of fame , they should take some action against journalists in order to protect their human rights . 
12th december 2000
12th december 2000
dear mister robertson , 
dear mr robertson , 
the whole class and i would like to thank you for the good programm , which you have organised for our trip to london . 
the whole class and i would like to thank you for the good programme which you have organised for our trip to london . 
the reason why i'm writting to you is the class and i have seen an advertisment for the london fashion and leisure show on tuesday march 14 from 10 . 00 am - 19 . 00 p . m . it is a show about latest fashions , leisure and sports wear , make up and hairstyles . we all are interested in fashions and hairstyles and it is a great oppurtunity for as because students have not to pay and we will know what we can buy on our shopping tour . i would like to suggest you how the programm could be changed . instead of a shopping tour on tuesday afternoon we could go to the show and do the shopping on wedensday afternoon in our free time . what are you thinking about this suggesten ? 
the reason why i'm writing to you is the class and i have seen an advertisement for the london fashion and leisure show on tuesday , march 14 from 10 . 00 am - 7 . 00 p . m . it is a show about the latest fashions , leisure and sportswear , make-up and hairstyles . we all are interested in fashion and hairstyles and it is a great opportunity for us because students do not have to pay and we will know what we can buy on our shopping tour . i would like to suggest to you how the programme could be changed . instead of a shopping tour on tuesday afternoon , we could go to the show and do the shopping on wednesday afternoon in our free time . what do you think about this suggestion ? 
i hope you will unterstand this kind of matter and the class and i looking forward to hearing from you . 
i hope you will understand this kind of matter the . the class and i are looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours faithfully , 
yours sincerely , 
in the next few years the people's home will be changes a lot . first point we will use more often new technologies like telecommunication or internet . in the future they both getting closer and closer . that means for exampel while you are sitting in the office you are able to controll your home with the computer . you can open and close the windows and switch the light on and off . your freezer tells you when you have to buy some milk , eggs or chees . or never living the office you are able to heat the wather for a hot bath . so in fact people's home became more confienence and comfortabler . i think also housewifes will receive more help with a robotor in the household . but the form and the rooms of a building will still be the same . and of course the furnitures of people's home will not change as well . 
in the next few years people's homes will be changing a lot . the first point is we will use more often new technologies like telecommunications or the internet . in the future they both getting closer and closer . that means for example , while you are sitting in the office you are able to control your home with the computer . you can open and close the windows and switch the light on and off . your freezer tells you when you have to buy some milk , eggs or cheese . or , without leaving the office , you are able to heat the water for a hot bath . so in fact people's homes will become more convenient and more comfortable . i think also housewives will receive more help with a robot in the home . but the form and the rooms of a building will still be the same . and of course the furniture of people's homes will not change either . 
dear mr robertson
dear mr robertson
my name is gabriel and i represented our class . we have seen an advertisement for the london fashion and leisure show and we would particularly like to go to the show . as representant of my class may i kindly ask you to change partially your plan during our visit in london . 
my name is gabriel and i represent our class . we have seen an advertisement for the london fashion and leisure show and we would particularly like to go to the show . as representative of my class may i kindly ask you to partially change your plan for our visit to london ? 
the monday 13 march would be fine . the morning visiting interesting places in the city and on the afternoon make a trip to greenwich , which is excellent . 
monday 13 march will be fine . the morning visiting interesting places in the city and in the afternoon make a trip to greenwich , which is excellent . 
because the london fashion programme takes place on tuesday , i would suggest to change your plan . 
because the london fashion show show takes place on tuesday , i would suggest changing your plan . 
there is a very interesting programme for young people like we . there will shown the latest fashions , leisure and sports wear , several additional attractions . it will be beutiful if you would agree to change your plan . 
there is a very interesting programme for young people like us . they will show the latest fashions , leisure and sports wear , several additional attractions . it would be beautiful if you would agree to change your plan . 
the last day , the wednesday 15 march will surely very interesting because the national art gallery is very famous place in london . 
the last day , wednesday 15 march , will surely be very interesting because the national art gallery is a very famous place in london . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
it was dangerous , but i knew i had to do it . , 
it was dangerous , but i knew i had to do it . 
it happened on a very lovly day in summer . 
it happened on a very lovely day in summer . 
the sun was shining , the chanel was clear blue and i was walking by the sea . suddenly i heart somebody crying for the help . not studying for too much i ran as fast as i could direct there i heart the voice . 
the sun was shining , the channel was clear blue and i was walking by the sea . suddenly i heard somebody crying for help . not studying for too much i ran as fast as i could directly to where i heard the voice . 
i knew , i can't swimm then i realized it might be dangerous for me as well . but in this particular moment it wasn't important for me . the most important things was a little boy about ten years old , who was in the watter without parents and couldn't swimm . it was diffucult for me because i am afraid of watter . although i went quickly to him and took him on my hands . he was exhaused and couldn't breath . in the meantime a man told me he were a doctor and could help the boy . i was very happy that i managed to save the live of the boy . now , when i consider about the events it's clear for me that if i got a few minutes later probably would be to late . 
i knew i couldn't swim so i realized it might be dangerous for me as well . but at this particular moment it wasn't important to me . the most important thing was a little boy of about ten years old , who was in the water without his parents and couldn't swim . it was difficult for me because i am afraid of water . however i went quickly to him and took him in my arms . he was exhausted and couldn't breathe . in the meantime a man told me he was a doctor and could help the boy . i was very happy that i managed to save the life of the boy . now , when i consider the events , it's clear to me that if i got there a few minutes later it probably would have been too late . 
you should ignore the dangerous if you convince you can save somebody his live . 
you should ignore the danger if you are convinced you can save somebody's life . 
12 . 12 . 0 
12 . 12 . 0 
dear mr robertson ; 
dear mr robertson , 
i am writing in reference to the programme for the english class , that is going to spend three days in london . i have already read the programme , and i agree with that , i think that the class will like going to sightseeing by bus and in the afternoon going to river trip to greenwich , also , they can visit science museum , and they can going to the shopping , on wednesday 15 march they going to visit the national art gallery , really , i think that is good programme . 
i am writing with reference to the programme for the english class that is going to spend three days in london . i have already read the programme , and i like it , i think that the class will like going sightseeing by bus and in the afternoon going on the river trip to greenwich . also , they can visit the science museum , and they can go shopping . on wednesday 15 march they are going to visit the national art gallery , really , i think that is a good programme . 
however , i think as well , that the class would like to visit " the london fashion and leisure show " , is on tuesday from 10 . 00 am until 19 . 00 pm . they don't need to pay . 
however , i think as well that the class would like to visit " the london fashion and leisure show " that the class would like to visit " the london fashion and leisure show " as well , it is on tuesday from 10 . 00 am until 19 . 00 pm . they don't need to pay . 
in addition , i think is a good a idea , because they could go after shopping , when they have a free time , i am sure about that , they will like to visit that place . however , the programme could be changed just for a few hours , it is a great opportunity for everybody . 
i think it is a good a idea , because they could go afterwards shopping shopping afterwards , when they have some free time . i am sure about that , they will want to visit that place . the programme could be changed just for a few hours , it is a great opportunity for everybody . 
finally , i hope that you understand my personal opinion about the programme , i will understand accept you personal opinion as well . 
finally , i hope that you understand my personal opinion about the programme , i will understand and accept your personal opinion as well . 
i look forward hearing from you . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
your faithfully 
yours sincerely 
12 . 12 . 00
12 . 12 . 00
my personal opinion about famous people , is good in one way and bad in another way . 
my personal opinion about famous people , is that their lives are good in one way and bad in another way . 
i think that they live their life like hat , because they want to live this life . 
i think that they live their life like that , because they want to live this life . 
they doing everything just for money , sometimes , they can make theirs life easier than they normally do . it is true , they deserve to have a private life without journalist following them all the time , however this news give them money , and confortable life . 
they do everything just for money , and sometimes they can make their life easier than it would normally be . it is true , they deserve to have a private life without journalists following them all the time , however this publicity gives brings them money , and a comfortable life . 
famous people , such as politicians and film stars , they live happy , because they know that the famous mean to be rich . 
famous people , such as politicians and film stars , live happily because they know that being famous means being rich . 
they can travel around the world , buy everything , it is a good life , but at the same time , they must be a very good peaple , because " the famous " is just for a few time , nothing is forever in this world . 
they can travel around the world , buy everything , it is a good life , but at the same time , they must be very good people , because " fame " is just for a short time , nothing lasts forever in this world . 
my personal opinion is that , i think they aren't really happy , and they are selfish as well . 
my personal opinion is that i think they aren't really happy , and they are selfish as well . 
i do not really like will be a famous person , because you are not really yourselfh , and for me is the more important thing . 
i would not really like to be a famous person , because you are not really yourself , and for me that is the most important thing . 
your faithfully 
yours faithfully 
dear mr robertson , 
dear mr robertson , 
i am writing to you concerning our three days which we are going to spend in london . 
i am writing to you concerning the three days which we are going to spend in london . 
i would like to thank you for the programme which you have organised for our english class . it sounds very promissing . especially the trip to greenwich . 
i would like to thank you for the programme which you have organised for our english class . it sounds very promising , especially the trip to greenwich . 
but there is something else which we would like to see . we have seen an advertisement for the london fashion and leisure show and we all would like to go there . it would be a great opportunity for us , because we are all interested in fashion particularly in sports wear . 
but there is something else which we would like to see . we have seen an advertisement for the london fashion and leisure show and we would all like to go there . it would be a great opportunity for us , because we are all interested in fashion , particularly in sportswear . 
the show is going to be in central exhibition hall on tuesday 14th march from 10 . 00-19 . 00 . . the entry for students is free . i would suggest to visit the science museum , which was planned for tuesday , on wednesday afternoon . so that we can go to the fashion show . and if there is anybody who wants to go shopping , he would be able to do it on wednesday evening . 
the show is going to be in the central exhibition hall on tuesday 14th march from 10 . 00-19 . 00 . entry for students is free . i would suggest visiting the science museum , which we were going to do on tuesday , on wednesday afternoon . so that we can go to the fashion show . and if there is anybody who wants to go shopping , he will be able to do it on wednesday evening . 
we are looking forward to hearing from you as soon as possible . 
we are looking forward to hearing from you as soon as possible . 
it was dangerous but i knew i had to do it . for just one day in my summer holidays i planned to do something adventurous . the moment i saw the advertisement about one of the seven world wonders , i knew , i had to see it . but this was also the moment when my nightmare started to come alive . 
it was dangerous but i knew i had to do it . for just one day in my summer holidays i planned to do something adventurous . the moment i saw the advertisement about one of the seven wonders of the world , i knew i had to see it . but this was also the moment when my nightmare started to come true . 
my friend and i had just arrived at a small airport in the middle of the californian desert . one man came out from a small building . it was our pilot . he introduced himself and we walked towards a small plane . the doors of the plane were so thin , that i thought i could torne them . we went inside and the plane took off . it was horrible . i could feel every movement which was caused by clowds or winds . i thought we would die . 
my friend and i had just arrived at a small airport in the middle of the californian desert . a man came out from a small building . it was our pilot . he introduced himself and we walked towards a small plane . the doors of the plane were so thin that i thought i could torn tear have torn them . we went inside and the plane took off . it was horrible . i could feel every movement which was caused by clouds or wind . i thought we would die . 
but then , finally , we reached the grand canyon . i didn't know what to feel . it was amazing . we were so near that , i thought i could touch the sides of the grand canyon by reaching out of the planes window . i swore to myself , i would never ever take a plane like this again . it was too dangerous , but i knew deep inside i had to see it . 
but then , finally , we reached the grand canyon . i didn't know what to feel . it was amazing . we were so near that , i thought i could touch the sides of the grand canyon by reaching out of the plane's window . i swore to myself i would never ever fly in a plane like this again . it was too dangerous , but i knew deep inside i had to see it . 
dear mr robertson , 
dear mr robertson , 
i am margherita x from the class 3c , which is going to spend three days in london . we had the opportunity to read your programme and we are happy because it is very good organized . we especially like the national art gallery . thank you . 
i am margherita x from class 3c , who are going to spend three days in london . we had the opportunity to read your programme and we are happy because it is very well organized . we especially like the idea of going to the national art gallery . thank you . 
with this letter i would ask you if you wuld change it because we saw in the london advertiser an advertisement for the london fashion and leisure show . the show is tuesday , march 14th from 10 . 00-19 . 00 in the central exibition hall . they gona show a latest fashion , leisure and sports wear , make up and new hairstyles . 
with this letter i would like to ask you if you would change it because we saw in the london advertiser an advertisement for the london fashion and leisure show . the show is on tuesday , march 14th , from 10 . 00-19 . 00 in the central exhibition hall . they are gonna show going to show the latest fashions , leisure and sports wear , make-up and new hairstyles . 
we all think that it would be a good opportunity to see this show . we are young and we all are interested in fashion . for the students it is free . 
we all think that it would be a good opportunity to see this show . we are young and we are all interested in fashion . for students it is free it is free for students . 
we thought that we could change the programme this way: we could go to the science museum wednesday afternoon instead of tuesday . 
we thought that we could change the programme this way: we could go to the science museum on wednesday afternoon instead of tuesday . 
i really hope that you gona consider our request . 
i really hope that you are gonna consider going to consider our request . 
yours sincierly , 
yours sincerely , 
my dear brother
my dear brother
it was dangerous , but i knew i had to do it . it was a normal saturday morning . my mam was cooking and my dad was sitting in his chair reading a book . i knew that my brother was at home , althoug i didn't know where . 
it was dangerous , but i knew i had to do it . it was a normal saturday morning . my mam was cooking and my dad was sitting in his chair reading a book . i knew that my brother was at home , although i didn't know where he was . 
i was doing my homeworks when i heard an explosion . i came out of my room and i saw my brother n fire . he was playing with fire and alcohol in the bathroom . my first reaction was to put him on the floor so that the fire could stop . he was screaming because he had such a big pain . 
i was doing my homework when i heard an explosion . i came out of my room and i saw my brother on fire . he was playing with fire and alcohol in the bathroom . my first reaction was to put him on the floor so that the fire could be put out . he was screaming because he was in such great pain . 
we were shocked , we all didn't know what to do . i called a taxi because my father wasn't able to drive . we went to the hospital and they cured him . 
we were shocked ; none of us knew what to do . i called a taxi because my father wasn't able to drive . we went to the hospital and they treated him . 
he had to stay there for three long weeks . since that bad experience he never playied with fire again . i really like my brother and i would do anything possible to save him . 
he had to stay there for three long weeks . since that bad experience he never played has never played with fire again . i really love my brother and i would do anything possible to save him . 
dear mr robertson , 
dear mr robertson , 
i'm writing to you on the name of all the students who will go to the london's trip . 
i'm writing to you in the name of all the students who will go on the london trip . 
first of all thank you very much for your programme , it's sounds very interesting and everybody is looking forward to it . 
first of all thank you very much for your programme , it sounds very interesting and everybody is looking forward to it . 
however , we do all have a request to ask you . 
however , we do all have a request to put to you . 
we saw an advertisement about the " london fashion and leisure show " in the central exhibition hall in london . 
we saw an advertisement about the " london fashion and leisure show " in the central exhibition hall in london . 
this show is going on all day on march 14th . 
this show is going on all day on march 14th . 
as teenagers we're all very keen on fashion so it will be a great opportunity to go because in our countryside , we'll never get a chance to see a show like that . 
as teenagers we're all very keen on fashion so it will be a great opportunity to go because in our countryside , we'll never get a chance to see a show like that . 
what we are suggesting you is to change the programme on the afternoon of march the 14th . instead of going shopping , we could go to the show . anyway , as students we don't have much money to spend on shopping and the good thing is that it won't affect your budget at all as the entrance fees are free for students . 
what we are suggesting is to change the programme on the afternoon of march the 14th . instead of going shopping , we could go to the show . anyway , as students we don't have much money to spend on shopping and the good thing is that it won't affect your budget at all as the entrance fees are free for students . 
we hope you consider our request which would be very appreciate in the class . 
we hope you consider our request which would be much appreciated by the class . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
why medias are so interesting in famous people ? 
why the media are are the media so interested in famous people ? 
because of us ! 
because of us ! 
i know that everyone is excited about what happened to michael douglas' wedding or what kind of life the president of the united states is living but sometimes it's going a bit to far . 
i know that everyone is excited about what happened at michael douglas' wedding or what kind of life the president of the united states is living but sometimes it's going a bit too far . 
those movie stars or politicians may have a lot of money , may do whatever they want but what is the price to pay ? would you like to live a life like that , every time you make a wrong step , the whole world is looking at you , judging you . it must be very exhausted to have the medias around you days and nights because you can't be yourself , you have to show your best side and character . 
those movie stars or politicians may have a lot of money , may do whatever they want but what is the price to pay ? would you like to live a life like that , every time you make a wrong step , the whole world is looking at you , judging you ? it must be very exhausting to have the media around you day and night because you can't be yourself , you have to show your best side and character . 
in my opinion it should be a rule which let the medias approach famous people almost anywhere except in their private home to leave them at least one place to feel safe . 
in my opinion there should be a rule which lets the media approach famous people almost anywhere except in their private home to leave them at least one place to feel safe . 
dear mr robertson , 
dear mr robertson , 
many thanks for the programme you have organised . it is really interesting and diversity at the same time . 
many thanks for the programme you have organised . it is really interesting and diverse at the same time . 
there is just one thing i want to tell you ; janine and richey have seen an advertisement for the london fashion and leisure show and we all would like to go to the show . 
there is just one thing i want to tell you : janine and richey have seen an advertisement for the london fashion and leisure show and we all would like to go to the show . 
that is in the central exhibition hall , near the hotel , and it is only about fashion: latest fashions , leisure and sports wear , make up and hairstyles . i think it could be very interesting and it is free for students ( what is really good ) . 
it is in the central exhibition hall , near the hotel , and it is all about fashion: the latest fashions , leisure and sports wear , make-up and hairstyles . i think it could be very interesting and it is free for students ( which is really good ) . 
it is a great opportunity because this show is only each two years and normaly it is difficult to go in . and , as you know we all are interested in fashion . 
it is a great opportunity because this show is only every two years and normally it is difficult to go in . and , as you know we all are interested in fashion . 
in my opinion , i would suggest to go to the show instead of the national art gallery because we could go there another time . or , going to the show on wensday morning and on the afternoon , we can choose between free time or national art gallery . 
in my opinion , i would suggest going to the show instead of the national art gallery because we could go there another time . or going to the show on wednesday wednesday morning and in the afternoon , we can choose between free time or the national art gallery . 
i look farward to hearing from you . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
it was dangerous , but i knew i had to do it . i went out of the room , ran as much as i could and started thinking what this man was doing here and who he was . 
it was dangerous , but i knew i had to do it . i went out of the room , ran as far as i could and started thinking about what this man was doing here and who he was . 
when i arrived in the street it was dark , windy , but i could see a shadow at the corner of the opposite street . by the time i arrived here , he has disappeared . suddenly , i felt very tired and decided to go home . 
when i arrived in the street it was dark and windy , but i could see a shadow at the corner of the street opposite . by the time i arrived there , he had disappeared . suddenly , i felt very tired and decided to go home . 
my sister was standing , crying and showing the front door . i took her in my arms and opened the door: my mother was sitting in a chair , reading a book , with blood all around her . i finally realized that she was dead . 
my sister was standing , crying and showing the front door . i took her in my arms and opened the door: my mother was sitting in a chair , reading a book , with blood all around her . i finally realized that she was dead . 
the police arrived twenty minutes later , took my mother and checked to see what could be interesting to find the murder : lucky , the knife which he used to kill her was still here and in fact they could arrested him . 
the police arrived twenty minutes later , took my mother and checked to see what could be useful to find the murderer : luckily , the knife which he used to kill her was still there and in fact they were able to arrest him . 
they found hime two months after and six months after he was in jail . to forget everything , i moved to irkind with my sister in a small house in the countryside . everything was going on , when one day , i came in the house and found my mother sitting in a chair reading a book , with blood all around her . 
they found him two months later and six months later he was in jail . to forget everything , i moved to irkind with my sister to a small house in the countryside . everything was going on , when one day , i went into the house and found my mother sitting in a chair reading a book , with blood all around her . 
dear mr robertson , 
dear mr robertson , 
on behalf of my class , i am writing to request few changes in our london programme which has already been planned . 
on behalf of my class , i am writing to request a few changes in our london programme which has already been planned . 
my friends have seen an advertisement which is the london fashion and leissure show . it will be held on 14th march . we have decided it would be more interesting to see the latest fashions , make up , hairstyles instead of going to do shopping . we would suggest gong to this fabolous show . it is also free of charge for students . 
my friends have seen an advertisement which is for the london fashion and leisure show fashion and leisure show . it will be held on 14th march . we have decided it would be more interesting to see the latest fashions , make-up , and hairstyles than going to do shopping . we would suggest going to this fabulous show . it is also free of charge for students . 
we will be given a great opportunity to have fun and look around in london . we would all thank you for the organised programme . 
we will be given a great opportunity to have fun and look around in london . we all thank you for the organised programme . 
i apologise any inconvenience that this cause you . we would be pleased if you could make a new arrangement in your programme
i apologise for any inconvenience that this causes you . we would be pleased if you could make a new arrangement in your programme
i look forward to hearing from you . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincererly , 
yours sincerely sincerely , 
can you imagine the new your house ? 
can you imagine the new house ? 
we spend most of our life in our houses . we like them show our life style and of course feel ourself comfortable . 
we spend most of our life in our houses . we like them to show our lifestyle and of course feel ourselves comfortable . 
i can imagine in the future how it would be ? it would be much technological or far less complex . it could be as simple as we think . but the imagine of the life style depends on person . 
i can imagine in the future how it would be . it would be much more technological and far less complex . it could be as simple as we think but the imagine of the lifestyle depends on the person . 
on the other hand , it would not be changed . somehow i could say that the main appliance would remain the same working structure . it only just might be changed the design of things such as a triangular talking oven . despite being used in many ways , it could entartian us as well . 
on the other hand , it would not be changed . somehow i could say that the main appliances would retain the same working structure . it only just might be changed the design of things such as a triangular talking oven . despite being used in many ways , it could entertain us as well . 
on balance i would accept whatever could make my life easier . to live . i wouldn't mind having things talking to around me . it would be enjoyable to have virtual friends in my house . although i imagine my house in my future , i am sure i would be suprised when i had them . 
on balance i would accept whatever could make my life easier to live . i wouldn't mind having things talking around me . it would be enjoyable to have virtual friends in my house . although i imagine them in my house in my future , i am sure i would be surprised if i had them . 
dear mr robertson
dear mr robertson
i am writing on behalf my english class . 
i am writing on behalf of my english class . 
we have just known the programme you prepared for our three-day trip to london . 
we have just seen the programme you prepared for our three-day trip to london . 
thank you very much for many interesting positions in this schedule , especially the river trip to greenwich , which , we are shure , will be very exciting . 
thank you very much for the many interesting positions in this schedule , especially the river trip to greenwich , which , we are sure , will be very exciting . 
i would like to inform you , that we have seen an advertisement for the " london fashion and laisure show " and we have found it very interesting . there will a lot of show for instance latest fashions , leisure and sports wear , make up and hairstyles . i would like to say that it is very important for us to be there and it could be great opportunity , because the entrance is free for students . the even is planned on 14th of march between 10 . 00 am and 19 . 00 p . m . if it is possible we would like to ask you to change your programme . we will be able to visit the science museum on wednesday's afternoon . we have checked that it is open every day . as you know we are the best students in our school and it would be nice prize for our work during this year . 
i would like to inform you that we have seen an advertisement for the " london fashion and leisure show " and we have found it very interesting . there will be a lot of show for instance latest fashions , leisure and sports wear , make-up and hairstyles . i would like to say that it is very important for us to be there and it could be a great opportunity , because entrance is free for students . the event is planned for the 14th of march between 10 . 00 and 19 . 00 . if it is possible we would like to ask you to change your programme . we would be able to visit the science museum on wednesday afternoon . we have checked that it is open every day . as you know we are the best students in our school and it would be a nice reward for our work during this year . 
i would b grateful if you consider our suggestions . 
i would be grateful if you would consider our suggestions . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
your sincerelly 
yours sincerely 
it was dangerous , but i knew i had to do it . it was night and i was alone in my house . 
it was dangerous , but i knew i had to do it . it was night and i was alone in my house . 
suddenly i heard a noice from my garden and i wanted to know what it was , but it was impossible to do it . 
suddenly i heard a noise from my garden and i wanted to know what it was , but it was impossible to do it . 
the outside lights were broken down and i couldn't see anything . 
the outside lights were broken and i couldn't see anything . 
my dog was very angry . i was affraid that someone was near my house and wanted to get to my house . 
my dog was very angry . i was afraid that someone was near my house and wanted to get into my house . 
after a few minutes i heard steps near my kitchen's window . 
after a few minutes i heard steps near my kitchen window . 
i was very frethend , but i knew , that i should do something . i had no time to call someone and i had to go to my kitchen to check what it was . 
i was very frightened , but i knew that i had to do something . i had no time to call anyone and i had to go to my kitchen to see what it was . 
i stood against the window and i started to listen . i was shure there were someone on the other side of the wall . 
i stood against the window and i started to listen . i was sure there was someone on the other side of the wall . 
it was terrible , i thought that it was the last day of my life . 
it was terrible . i thought that it was the last day of my life . 
suddenly someone broke my window . i had no time to think , i kept one of the pots and hit him in his head . one moment later i called police . 
suddenly someone broke my window . i had no time to think . i grabbed one of the pots and hit him on his head . one moment later i called the police . 
he was a thief , who were looked for for many years . 
he was a thief , who had been looked for for many years . 
dear mr robertson , 
dear mr robertson , 
at first , all the students and i would thank you for this great idea of a trip in london during three days . the programme is very exating and interesting , especially the river trip to greenwich . 
first , all the students and i would like to thank you for this great idea of a trip to london for three days . the programme is very exciting and interesting , especially the river trip to greenwich . 
otherwise , all the class have seen an advertisement for the " london fashion and leisure show " , and we are all interested to see this show , this is why i am writing to you . 
otherwise , all the class have seen an advertisement for the " london fashion and leisure show " , and we are all interested in seeing this show , this is why i am writing to you . 
in fact this is a great opportunity because we certainly will not have again the chance to take part in a live show , like this one . even more , the students don't pay the entrance . 
in fact this is a great opportunity because we certainly will not have again the chance to take part in a live show , like this one . even more , students don't pay the entrance fee . 
the show is on the 14th from 10 . 00 to 19 . 00 , so i suggest to go to the science museum on the afternoon of wednesday , and just have two or three hours free time after the museum . this is the arrangement that we fouded with the other students and everyone had agree . 
the show is on the 14th from 10 . 00 to 19 . 00 , so i suggest going to the science museum in the afternoon on wednesday , and just having two or three hours' free time after the museum . this is the arrangement that we founded with the other students and everyone had agreed agreed . 
i look forward to hear news from you . 
i look forward to hearing some news from you . 
your faithfull , 
yours faithfully faithfully sincerely , 
it was dangerous , but i knew i had to do it . the survive of my family depended on me . we were a poor family , living in one room for five persons . my father died during the war and my mother stayed alone with four children . we haven't enough money to buy food , new clothes and the worse was that my youngerst brother was terribly ill , and without money we couldn't bring him up to a doctor . 
it was dangerous , but i knew i had to do it . the survival of my family depended on me . we were a poor family , living in one room five people five people living in one room . my father died during the war and my mother stayed alone with four children . we hadn't enough money to buy food or new clothes and the worst was that my youngest brother was terribly ill , and without money we couldn't take him to a doctor . 
so , a day i decided to steal the bank . during weeks , i had prepared my programme , trying not to forget something important . everything was ready and me too . so i knew that the day after would be the good one . 
so , one day i decided to rob the bank . for weeks , i had prepared my plan , trying not to forget anything important . everything was ready and i was too . so i knew that the day after would be the right one . 
i get up very early . all the city was sleeping . the weather was cold . when i arrived in front of the bank , my heart was going faster . a few days before , i had founded a little window at the back of the building , so i entered by this way and by chance i just arrived in the monney 's room . i hadn't never seen so much money . i took it , the most of possible and went out by the same way . i ran to my house and went back in my bed for sleep a little bit . 
i got up very early . all the city was sleeping . the weather was cold . when i arrived in front of the bank , my heart was going faster . a few days before , i had found a little window at the back of the building , so i entered in this way and by chance i just arrived in the money 's money room vault . i hadn't ever seen so much money . i took it , the most of possible and went out the same way . i ran to my house and went back to my bed to sleep a little bit . 
when all the family get up , i told us the true and all promised to say nothing . it was our family's secret . 
when all the family got up , i told the truth and they all promised to say nothing . it was our family's secret . 
dear , mr robertson . 
dear , mr robertson , 
i am writing to ask some information about the programme which our class would like to join . there are a few questions which i have wondered . 
i am writing to ask for some information about the programme which our class would like to join . there are a few questions which i have asked myself . 
first of all , would you give me an explaination about the london fashion and leisure show ? we regard that the show might be great opportunity for the most of us who are interested in fashion and leisure . 
first of all , would you give me an explaination about the london fashion and leisure show ? we think that the show might be a great opportunity for most of us who are interested in fashion and leisure . 
in addition , i would like to get your suggestion how programme could be changed on the second-day of the trip . so that we could enjoy going to both science museum and the london fashion and leisure show . 
in addition , i would like to get your suggestion about how the programme could be changed on the second day of the trip so that we could enjoy going to both the science museum and the london fashion and leisure show . 
i am appreciated you for offering a well-organised programme , especially , the london fashion and leisure show which is difficult for us to take part in . 
i am grateful to you for offering a well-organised programme , especially , the london fashion and leisure show which is difficult for us to take part in . 
i am looking forward to getting your reply . 
i am looking forward to getting your reply . 
your sincerely . 
yours sincerely . 
in the middle age , nobody expected to have a electric goods which have been helping to do housework . 
in the middle ages , nobody expected to have electrical goods which would help to do housework . 
it made woman to be free from drudgery , so that they could utilize time for improving themselves . 
it made women free from drudgery , so that they could utilize time for improving themselves . 
as the result , we can observe that the home of the present have a lot of machines which make home like a factory . 
as a result , we can observe that the homes of the present have a lot of machines which make home like a factory . 
by contrast , in the future , i guess we would rather go back to the acient time , owing to have natural life style . we will be unwilling to give a housework away . 
by contrast , in the future , i guess we would rather go back to the ancient time , owing to have natural life style . we will be unwilling to give housework away . 
being at home with doing housework , taking care of their children , might be purpose of the future life . 
being at home doing housework , taking care of their children , might be the purpose of the future life . 
dear mr robertson , one of the reasons that we write this letter to you , is because we would like to thank you for this short trip in london . we believe that the programme is very cood and well organised and we would like to thank you one more time especially for that . 
dear mr robertson , one of the reasons that we are writing this letter to you is because we would like to thank you for this short trip to london . we believe that the programme is very good and well organised and we would like to thank you one more time especially for that . 
the other reason as i mention earlier is because of a request off all the class . we've seen an advertisement in the newspapers , about a fashion exhibition in london on tuesday the 14 of march . that is one of the 3 days that we will spent in london as a college . so we had this great idea if it is possible of course to include this exhibition in our programme . 
the other reason i mentioned earlier is a request of from the whole class . we've seen an advertisement in the newspapers , about a fashion exhibition in london on tuesday the 14th of march . that is one of the 3 days that we will spend in london as a college . so we had this great idea , if it is possible of course , we could include this exhibition in our programme . 
the exhibition is caud the london fashion and leisure show and it taking place at the central exhibition hall , in london from 10 . 00 till 19 . 00 . 
the exhibition is called the london fashion and leisure show and it takes place at the central exhibition hall , in london , from 10 . 00 till 19 . 00 . 
the class is very exiting about that because the show conteins the latest fashions , leisure and sports wear , make up and hair styles . we believe that is a great opportunity because is one of the best shows of the year , also a majority of the class never had the change to visit a show as this and the most important and best part is that the admission is free for students . and that we found it very good as otherwise we could not afford it . 
the class is very exciting excited about that because the show contains covers the latest fashions , leisure and sports wear , make-up and hairstyles . we believe that this is a great opportunity because it is one of the best shows of the year . also the majority of the class has never had the chance to visit a show like this and the most important and best part is that admission is free for students . and that we thought very good as otherwise we could not afford it . 
so please if it is possible to make a small change to the programme and to move the activities of the tuesday 14 of march to the 15 of march as to try to make a combination of the 2 days . 
so please if it is possible could we make a small change to the programme and move the activities of tuesday the 14th of march to the 15th of march so as to try to combine the 2 days . 
we hope we do not cause any problems to your programme and hope that you will except our request . from all your class
we hope we do not cause any problems with your programme and hope that you will accept our request . from all your class
thank you
thank you
" fame " what a word ! ! i'm sure that the people that had decided to meet this word they did not realised that there is a price to pay . i believe that any famous people such as politicians and film stars , deserve to have a private life without journalists following them all the time for a various reasons . 
" fame " what a word ! ! i'm sure that the people that had decided to meet this word they did not realise that there is a price to pay . i believe that all famous people , such as politicians and film stars , deserve to have a private life without journalists following them all the time for various reasons . 
first of all they are humans like everyone else , so yes everyone want privacy in their lifes . is the same right for all of us as a human be . 
first of all they are humans like everyone else , so yes everyone wants privacy in their lives . is it is the same right for all of us as human beings . 
of course on you are on the public eye , the reasons are different when you want privacy . becaues if you are a politician as an exmaple , you fear for your life . you need to protect your life of any danger . becaue 
of course if you are in the public eye , the reasons why you want privacy are different . because , because if you are a politician , for example , you fear for your life . you need to protect your life from any danger . because 
12th december 2000
12th december 2000
dear mr. robertson , 
dear mr. robertson , 
i would like to thank you for organising a nice programme for us . especially , going to the museum and the art gallery would be a great oppotunity for all of us , as they are world-famous places in london . however , there is something i need to ask you . 
i would like to thank you for organising a nice programme for us . in particular , going to the museum and the art gallery will be a great opportunity for all of us , as they are world-famous places in london . however , there is something i need to ask you . 
everyone in the class wishes to go to the london fashion and leisure show which will be held on tuesday 14th march from 10 a . m . to 7 p . m . in the show , we will be able to see the latest fashion , leisure and sports wear , make up and hairstyles . it would be essential because many people in the class are thinking of studying fashion in future . the entrance fee is free for students so the show is well worth seeing . 
everyone in the class wishes to go to the london fashion and leisure show which will be held on tuesday 14th march from 10 a . m . to 7 p . m . at the show , we will be able to see the latest fashions - leisure- and sports-wear , make-up and hairstyles . it is essential because many people in the class are thinking of studying fashion in future . entrance is free for students so the show is well worth seeing . 
to go to the show , we need to alter the programme . the show is on 14th and takes a whole day . so , if we could go to the museum by using the free time on 15th it would be okay although we could not go shopping . 
to go to the show , we need to alter the programme . the show is on 14th and lasts a whole day . so , if we could go to the museum by using the free time on 15th it would be okay although we could not go shopping . 
i look forward to hearing from you shortly . 
i look forward to hearing from you shortly . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
story
story
it was dangerous , but i knew i had to do it . 
it was dangerous , but i knew i had to do it . 
three years ago , when i was in japan , my parents were both working and neither of them were at home by the time i get back from the school . i always had my own key and unlock the door by myself . 
three years ago , when i was in japan , my parents were both working and neither of them were at home by the time i got back from school . i always had my own key and unlocked the door by myself . 
it was a horrible day , the day i had left my key at home ! there was nobody to let me in , noway to contact with my parents . what i decided to do was getting into the house by climbing up the roof because i knew one of the windows was unlocked . first , i climbed the tree in the garden . it was okay , beause i was quite good at that , but the problem was that i had to jump onto the roof ! it had been raining , the previous day , so the roof was slippy ! i managed to do that although i cut my knee ! i walked on the roof carefully , not to slip . i was extremely happy when i got into the house . it was a scary , but thrilling and exciting incident ! 
it was a horrible day , the day i left my key at home ! there was nobody to let me in , no way to contact my parents . what i decided to do was to get into the house by climbing on the roof because i knew one of the windows was unlocked . first , i climbed the tree in the garden . it was okay , because i was quite good at that , but the problem was that i had to jump onto the roof ! it had been raining , the previous day , so the roof was slippery ! i managed to do that although i cut my knee ! i walked on the roof carefully , so as not to slip . i was extremely happy when i got into the house . it was a scary , but thrilling and exciting incident ! 
mr robertson ; 
dear mr robertson , 
i am glad about three days trip to london . i have seen your organasation for the trip . that is really intresting . 
i am glad about the three-day trip to london . i have seen your organisation itinerary for the trip . it is really interesting . 
me and my class friends have seen ad advertisement for the london fashion and leisure show and we really want to see that . this is the reason that i'm writing to you . 
me and my classmates my classmates and i have seen an advertisement for the london fashion and leisure show and we really want to see that . this is the reason that i'm writing to you . 
the show is in 14th march on tuesday . it means on second day of our trip and it starts at 10 . 00 in the morning untill 19 . 00 . my friends told me that if we wake up early on tuesday we can go to science museum about 8 . 00 in the morning . your afternoon plan is shopping but we can do our shopping on wednesday afternoon because we will have got free time on wednesday . 
the show is on 14th march on tuesday . that is the second day of our trip and it starts at 10 . 00 in the morning and lasts until 19 . 00 . my friends told me that if we wake up early on tuesday we can go to the science museum at about 8 . 00 in the morning . your afternoon plan is to go shopping but we can do our shopping on wednesday afternoon because we will have some free time on wednesday . 
i'd like to tell you something about the show . it is in central exhibition hall and it is free to students . it is great opportunity for us because when we go there we will be aware of about latest fashions news , we will see leisure and sports wear , all new make up designers ( especially for girls ) and different hairstyles . 
i'd like to tell you something about the show . it is in the central exhibition hall and it is free for students . it is a great opportunity for us because when we go there we will learn about the latest fashions news , we will see leisure and sports wear , all the new make-up designers ( especially for girls ) and different hairstyles . 
we are also enthusiastic about your sightseing in bus and river trip to greenwich on monday and visiting to national art gallery on wednesday . 
we are also enthusiastic about your sightseeing in bus and the river trip to greenwich on monday and visiting the national art gallery on wednesday . 
i hope you will consider our suggestion about your trip . 
i hope you will consider our suggestion about the trip . 
your student
your student
futuristic designs of people's homes
futuristic designs of people's homes
technology has been improved by human being rapidly . this technologic improvement is changing people's lifes , behaviours even their homes . can you imagine ? what people's homes will it be like in fifty years time ? 
technology is being improved by human beings rapidly is rapidly being improved . this technological improvement is changing people's lives , behaviour , even their homes . can you imagine ? what will people's homes be like in fifty years' time ? 
i guess there will be more gadget to do some housework easier . maybe there will be some robots to do our ironings , washing our dishes , cleaning everywhere , hoovering , etc . will it make life easier ? maybe yes , maybe no . of course these gadgets will do our hard houseworks but otherwise we will get lazy , we will lose our abilities that we have now . 
i guess there will be more gadgets to make housework easier . maybe there will be some robots to do our ironing , wash our dishes , clean everywhere , hoover , etc . will it make life easier ? maybe yes , maybe no . of course these gadgets will do our hard housework but otherwise we will get lazy , we will lose the skills that we have now . 
now it ( information technology ) is in our life . we can get everything we want to know from computers . it means we won't need to go somewhere to get some information we need . we'll be stuck to our computers at home . whatever we need we order from to computer and someone will bring . it means we'll lose our social lifes . 
now it ( information technology ) is in our life . we can get everything we want to know from computers . it means we don't need to go anywhere to get the information we need . we'll be stuck to our computers at home . whatever we need we order via the computer and someone will bring it . it means we'll lose our social lives life . 
but we can't stop to technologic improvement . we should use it in positif ways . when people use to the technology they should know that is not everything . they should seek to other lifes outside their homes . 
but we can't stop these technological improvements . we should use them in positive ways . when people use technology they should know that it is not everything . they should seek another lives life outside their homes . 
i guess that with technology people will spend their life much more in their homes . it doesn't seem to me alright . our homes should just protect us dangeres from outside . but i believe human will never forget what they used to be . 
i guess that with technology people will spend much more of their life in their homes . it doesn't seem to me right right to me . our homes should just protect us from dangers from outside . but i believe humans will never forget what they used to be . 
mankind has been always seeking different things . we'are learning a lot of things about life . and we are practicing these . in the future life will be more artifitual than i had been before . 
mankind has always been seeking different things . we are learning a lot of things about life and we are practising these things . in the future life will be more artificial than it was . 
probably our homes will be smaller than now . because human population is growing quickly and people prefer to stay big cities ( like london , new york , paris ) . it means there will be too many people in small areas . then there will have been built smaller houses , flats , buildings , etc . outside big cities there won't be any people at all . that areas will just use for agriculture . 
our homes will probably be smaller than now , because the human population is growing quickly and people prefer to stay in big cities ( like london , new york , paris ) . it means there will be too many people in small areas . then they will build smaller houses , flats , buildings , etc . outside big cities there won't be any people at all . those areas will just be used for agriculture . 
beyond the near future may be our homes will be outer space it will be a spaceship . we'll travel around to space . it is just an imagination . 
beyond the near future maybe our homes will be in outer space they . they will be spaceships . we'll travel around space . it is just an idea . 
we live in changeable world . like everything our homes will change as well . 
we live in a changing world . like everything our homes will change as well . 
dear mr robertson
dear mr robertson
i'm sorry about writing the letter for you . 
i'm sorry to have to write this letter for to you . 
i need some information about programme more . because in my class want to go london fashion and leisure show in your programme we need some timetable and frieds . for go their . your don't tell any detile about how must coses for ticket for go in siend . 
i need some information about the programme more more information about the programme . because my class want to go to the london fashion and leisure show during your programme and we need some timetables and frieds to go there . your you didn't tell us any detail details about how much the costs for ticket ticket costs to go inside . 
in my class room somary people stay out sied london about 50% in my class room and everyone verry about how can they can stay in three days in london . can you tall us about this . and we're very exsciting about you programme . and then we want too know about fashion and leisure in your information for students free . we don't play any ticket and in your information tells about on monday morning we go by bus could you tells detile about morning more , and we want to know about on tuesday afternoon you tell for shopping we don't know about where about shopping in london . becauses in london got a lot shopping place can you tall us about shopping and the time for spend or day . 
in my class room somary people stay outside london about 50% in my class room and everyone is very worried about how they can stay for three days in london . can you tell us about this ? and we're very exciting excited about your programme . and then we want to know about fashion and leisure in your information for students free . we don't play any ticket and in your information you tell us that on monday morning we are going by bus . could you tell us some detail details about the morning more more details about the morning . and we want to know about on tuesday afternoon you tell for shopping we don't know about where about shopping in london . because in london there get are a lot of shopping places , can you tell us about shopping and the time for spend or day ? 
thanks you for any detile more i think we go with you and enjoy and fantatics programme . 
thank you for any detail more i think we go with you and enjoy a fantastic fantastic programme . 
your sincerely
yours sincerely
in my college butty 
in my college butty 
it was dangerous , but i knew i had to do it
it was dangerous , but i knew i had to do it
if i tall someting in the college baby someone like or dislike about my story but i think my story it very good for someone . 
if i tell something in the college baby someone like or dislike about my story but i think my story it very good for someone . 
in my college have got a new student every monday and very big college around heir . and we got three buillding and we got alot of teacher the teacher have got experied about teaching i think somebody come in my college you fried want to studdy in my college and you want tall anyone for your college you can't tell for something but you know yourself about college you know just you love it and very like it nobody dislike it somebody tall about class rooms it very big and comfortible . for study my college it very amazing . 
in my college have got a new student every monday and very big college around heir . and we have got three building buildings and we have got a lot of teachers the teachers have got experienced about teaching i think somebody come in my college you fried want to study in my college and you want tall anyone for your college you can't tell for something but you know yourself about college you know just you love it and very like it nobody dislike it somebody tall about class rooms it very big and comfortable . for study my college is really amazing . 
i think my story can tall you about my college and you think you want come for visit or you want come for study in my college it up to you i think if you came you know if you don't come you don't know . about something very good in your life . 
i think my story can tell you about my college and you think you want come for visit or you want come for study in my college it up to you i think if you came you know if you don't come you don't know . about something very good in your life . 
dear mister robertson
dear mr robertson
thank you very much for organising the programme of our three days visit to london . the programme looks very good , especially the river trip to greenwich . 
thank you very much for organising the programme of our three-day visit to london . the programme looks very good , especially the river trip to greenwich . 
our english class has an additional wish concerning the programme of our trip . we have seen an advertisement for the " london fashion and leisure show " and we would all like to go to the show . we think it is a great opportunity because it only takes place once a year and it is free for students . we would suggest to replace the shopping part on tuesday afternoon by the visit of the show . we think we would all have another chance for shopping in london sometimes later . 
our english class has an additional wish concerning the programme for our trip . we have seen an advertisement for the " london fashion and leisure show " and we would all like to go to the show . we think it is a great opportunity because it only takes place once a year and it is free for students . we would suggest replacing the shopping trip on tuesday afternoon with the visit to the show . we think we would all have another chance for shopping in london sometime later . 
please think about our suggestion and the proposed change of the programme . we are sure this is suitable to all of us . thank you very much . 
please think about our suggestion and the proposed change to the programme . we are sure this is suitable for all of us . thank you very much . 
best regards
best regards
the home of the future
the home of the future
the view from outside will mainly be the same . the houses will look like the houses today . a simple and well-proofen architecture . the difference will be inside the buildings . the doors would be the entrance to another world . . . . 
the view from outside will mainly be the same . the houses will look like the houses of today . a simple and well-proven architecture . the difference will be inside the buildings . the doors would be the entrance to another world . . . . 
the fridge , the television , the stove and the hi-fi equipment will be attached to a computer network . every electronic gadget in the futur home will be able to comunicate with other machines or computers . it will be possible to connect to the internet from nearly everywhere in the house or flat . i'm sure all the things which are based on electronic parts will totally change . also the aspects of security within people's homes . 
the fridge , the television , the stove and the hi-fi equipment will be attached to a computer network . every electronic gadget in the future home will be able to communicate with other machines or computers . it will be possible to connect to the internet from nearly everywhere in the house or flat . i'm sure all the things which are based on electronic parts will totally change . also the aspects of security within people's homes . 
but i think there will not be many changes concerning the furnishing of the future homes . all the big and small things which are defining people's personal environment will be left nearly unchanged - the furniture , the pictures on the wall . . . . 
but i think there will not be many changes concerning the furnishing of the future homes . all the big and small things which define people's personal environment will be left nearly unchanged - the furniture , the pictures on the wall . . . . 
i suppose our future homes will be a mix of new technologies and good old tradition . it has always been like that . 
i suppose our future homes will be a mix of new technologies and good old tradition . it has always been like that . 
dear mr. robertson , 
dear mr. robertson , 
i am writing to you , in the name of all the students in my class , to tell you about our wish to change the london's programme . i would also like to thank you for the good programme you made for us , especially the river trip to greenwich might be fascinating . 
i am writing to you , on behalf of all the students in my class , to tell you about our wish to change the london programme . i would also like to thank you for the excellent programme you organized for us , and in particular the river trip to greenwich might be fascinating . 
i would like to tell you about the show which we would like to see: it is " the london fashion and leisure show " , which is going to take place at the " central exibition hall in london , on tuesday the 14th march , between 10 . 00 and 19 . 00 . the latest fashions , leisure and sports wear , make up and hairstyles will be shown in this occasion . we think that this is a great opportunity because it takes part only once a year and , on top of all , it is free for students . 
i would like to tell you about the show which we would like to see: it is " the london fashion and leisure show " , which is going to take place at the central exhibition hall in london , on tuesday the 14th march , between 10 . 00 and 19 . 00 . the latest fashions , leisure and sports wear , make-up and hairstyles will be shown on this occasion . we think that this is a great opportunity because it takes place only once a year and , on top of all that , it is free for students . 
we suggest to go to the show on tuesday afternoon instead of going shopping ( thing that we can do on wednesday afternoon , in our free time ) . 
we suggest going to the show on tuesday afternoon instead of going shopping ( something that we can do on wednesday afternoon , in our free time ) . 
i hope you will consider our request 
i hope you will consider our request . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
i was dangerous , but i knew i had to do it . i had absolutely no choice . we had walked for three hours ( my mother , my two brother and i ) through the humid and noisy jungle , looking forward to reach a small but clean house where a nice and friendly family , old friends of us , used to live . 
it was dangerous , but i knew i had to do it . i had absolutely no choice . we had walked for three hours ( my mother , my two brothers and i ) through the humid and noisy jungle , looking forward to reaching a small but clean house where a nice and friendly family , old friends of ours , used to live . 
the path we were walking in was quite clean and i was feeling really happy and relaxed . . . until we reached a river . there were nor bridge nor a canoe , the only way to cross it was walking on an old big trunk which was lying down , peacefully , making the only connection between our side and the other . 
the path we were walking on was quite clean and i was feeling really happy and relaxed . . . until we reached a river . there was neither a bridge nor a canoe . the only way to cross it was by walking on a big old tree trunk which was lying down , peacefully , making the only bridge between our side and the other . 
my mother and brothers had already crossed the river , and they were encouraging me to do the same from the other side of it , but i was paralysed with fear . then , i suddenly realised that i had no choice , so i took all my courage , a big deep breath , and crossed it ! it was easier than i had thought ! . that day , i learnt that i can do even things which , at first sight , seem impossible to be done . 
my mother and brothers had already crossed the river , and they were encouraging me to do the same from the other side of it , but i was paralysed with fear . then , i suddenly realised that i had no choice , so i summoned all my courage , took a big deep breath , and crossed it ! it was easier than i had thought ! that day , i learnt that i can even do things which , at first sight , seem impossible to do . 
dear mr robertson , 
dear mr robertson , 
i am writing to your advertisement about the " london fashion " and " leisure show " . thank you for organising this good programme , especially the leisure show , which very interest us . so all of our class would like to go to the show during the three days in london . but there is a problem which i hope you can solve . 
i am writing to you about your advertisement for the " london fashion " and " leisure show " . thank you for organising this excellent programme , especially the leisure show , which is very interesting to us . so all of our class would like to go to the show during their three days in london . but there is a problem which i hope you can solve . 
according to your advertisement , we were pleased to learn that we can do some different activities in london , which included in sightseeing by bus , river trip to greenwich , science museum and national art gallery so on . the point is , the london fashion and leisure show will be fantastic . from these we can see the latest fashion , imagintive make up and hairstyles . what is more they are the leisure and sports wear , which we are keen on seeing it . in your advertisement , you had written " the show will be help in central exhibition hall in london , it starts from 10 am to 7 pm on 14th march . 
concerning your advertisement , we were pleased to learn that we can do some different activities in london , which include sightseeing by bus , a river trip to greenwich , visiting the science museum and national art gallery and so on . the point is , the london fashion and leisure show will be fantastic . at this we can see the latest fashions , imaginative make-up and hairstyles . what is more they are the leisure and sports wear , which we are keen on seeing . in your advertisement , you have written " the show will be held in the central exhibition hall in london . it runs from 10 am to 7 pm on 14th march . " 
i think it is a great opportunity because i am sure we will enjoy ourselves . but i wonder if the timetable could change , which will be perfect . as you know , all of us want to join the programme , so if some students go to science museum , they will miss the wonderful show . for that reason , i suggest that you could change the activities . in my opinion , we had better go to show instead of science museum and shopping , also we can go to science museum on 15th march , which instead of the free time in the afternoon . 
i think it is a great opportunity because i am sure we will enjoy ourselves . but i wonder if the timetable could be changed , which would be perfect . as you know , all of us want to join the programme , so if some students go to the science museum , they will miss the wonderful show . for that reason , i suggest that you could change the activities . in my opinion , we would be better going to the show instead of the science museum and shopping . also we can go to the science museum on 15th march , instead of having some free time in the afternoon . 
i am sorry to make your inconveint . i hope it doesn't make some trouble if you accept my suggestion . 
i am sorry to cause you inconvenience . i hope it doesn't cause any trouble if you accept my suggestion . 
i look forward to receiving your apply as soon as possible . 
i look forward to receiving your reply as soon as possible . 
your sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
it was dangerous , but i knew i had to do it . because . . . . . 
it was dangerous , but i knew i had to do it . because . . . . . 
last night , when i went into my house it was quite scilence . i felt there might be something has gone wrong . i found my parents sitting in a armchair . i could see sadness in my father's eyes . my mother came over to me and said softly , ; my dear , your father's company has jut gone bankrupt' , then she couldn't help crying . when i hear this bad news , i was very depressed because father worked quite hard for his company . my father always remembered his responsibily was giving good salary to his worker , which is the view of his life . 
last night , when i went into my house it was quite silence silent . i felt there might be something that had gone wrong . i found my parents sitting in an armchair . i could see sadness in my father's eyes . my mother came over to me and said softly , " my dear , your father's company has just gone bankrupt' , then she couldn't help crying . when i heard this bad news , i was very depressed because father worked quite hard for his company . my father always remembered his responsibility was providing to provide a good salary to his workers to provide his workers with a good salary , which is the aim of his life . 
so i must find out a solution which can help my great father . one day , i suddenly got a good idea . 'why not go to sock exchange ? ' i said to myself . almost every day i stayed in there and research the exchange decline-line , which give me lots of information from there . finally , i decide to join the dangerous game , which will lost everything or suddenly become millionaire . with luck , i was won by chance . 
so i must find a way to help my great father . one day , i suddenly had a good idea . 'why not go to the stock exchange ? ' i said to myself . almost every day i went there and researched the exchange decline-line , which gives gave me lots of information . finally , i decided to join in the dangerous game , which meant losing everything or suddenly becoming a millionaire . with luck , i won by chance . 
when i with mixed mood went home i found my parents were stooding at the door looked like very cheerful . 'surely it doesn't mean that they have learnt the exciting news ? ' i said to myself again . much to my surprise , they told me in high voice that they never went bankrupt , they wanted to give me a opportunity to do something impressive by myself . now , they are both prouding of me ! 
when i , with mixed feelings , went home i found my parents were standing at the door looking very cheerful . 'surely it doesn't mean that they have learnt the exciting news ? ' i said to myself . much to my surprise , they told me in high voices that they never went bankrupt . they wanted to give me an opportunity to do something impressive by myself . now , they are both proud of me ! 
dear mr. robertson . 
dear mr. robertson , 
i am writing on our class behalf to thank you for organising our tour in london . our class is very appritiate you for the good programme . especially , we are interested in the sightseeing by bus on monday morning and the river trip to greenwich at the afternoon . it is a good idea to include the visiting of the science museum and the national art gallery at morning time on tuesday and wednesday respectivelly . 
i am writing on behalf of our class to thank you for organising our trip to london . our class is very appreciative grateful to you for the excellent programme . we are especially interested in the sightseeing by bus on monday morning and the river trip to greenwich in the afternoon . it is a good idea to include the visit to the science museum and the national art gallery in the morning on tuesday and wednesday respectively . 
however , the students in our class have seen an advertisement for the london fashion and leisure show at the central exhibition hall of london on tuesday from 10 am to 7 p . m . all of us would like to go to the show . it is a great opportunity because of the following reasons . firstly , there will be leisur and sports wear and the latest fasions . secondly , there will be exibitions about makeup and hair styles . moreover , the entrance for students is free . 
however , the students in our class have seen an advertisement for the london fashion and leisure show at the central exhibition hall of london on tuesday from 10 am to 7 p . m . all of us would like to go to the show . it is a great opportunity for the following reasons . firstly , there will be leisure and sports wear and the latest fashions . secondly , there will be exhibitions about makeup and hairstyles . moreover , entrance for students is free . 
we suggest changing our programme a little bit . instead of wednesday's afternoon free time we could visit the science museum . and on tuesday we will enjoy the london fasion and leisure show till 19 . 00 . after all we will be able go shopping . 
we suggest changing our programme a little bit . instead of wednesday afternoon's free time we could visit the science museum . and on tuesday we will enjoy the london fashion and leisure show till 19 . 00 . after we will all be able to go shopping . 
i am looking forward to recieving your positive reply . for the further details you can contact me my phone number . 
i am looking forward to receiving your positive reply . for further details you can contact me by phone . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
famous people . what does it means ? from my point of view , these are the people , who stay all time in our sigh . we intrsted in politicians's and film stars's wear , hobbys , passions and the intrigues . the lardge numbers of the journalists following them all the time , even in there private life . 
famous people . what does it mean ? in my opinion , these are the people who stay all the time in our sight in our sight all the time . we are interested in politicians' and film stars' clothes , hobbies , passions and intrigues . there are large numbers of journalists following them all the time , even in their private life . 
in my opinion , each human being has rights to be free . we can go for a wolk , go shopping go to the cinema , marrige or devorce . why famous people couldn't do all this things ? why everybody must know and tolk about their private life ? the most important thing that the famous people are also normal people as us . they live as us , they brief and eat as us , they even following in love as us . i think , they must have a normal , private life without journalists following them all the time and without any exact details about them in the different newspaper's curiouses . 
in my opinion , each human being has a right to be free . we can go for a walk , go shopping , go to the cinema , get marriage married or divorce divorced . why famous people can't can't famous people do all these things ? why must everybody know and talk about their private life ? the most important thing is that famous people are also normal people like us . they live like us , they breathe and eat like us , they even follow fall in love like us . i think they should have a normal private life without journalists following them all the time and without any exact details about them appearing in the different newspapers' curiouses . 
dear mr robertson , 
dear mr robertson , 
i am writing , on behalf of an advanced class , to you to thank you for having organised our a three-day programme on 13th to 15th march . 
i am writing to you on behalf of an advanced class to thank you for having organised our three-day programme from 13th to 15th march . 
we discussed the programme . it would be great to take a trip to greenwich by boat . we all would love to do it . however , we have seen an advertisement about " the london fashion and leisure show " recently . it will be held at central exhibition hall on 14th march at 10 a . m to 7 p . m . . according to an advertisement , a lot of events will take place during the show such as make up , hairstyles , latest fashions and leisure and sports wear . it would be a golden opportunity to know up-to-date fashion . in addition , it is free for students . 
we discussed the programme . it would be great to take a trip to greenwich by boat . we all would love to do it . however , we have seen an advertisement for " the london fashion and leisure show " recently . it will be held at central exhibition hall on 14th march at 10 a . m to 7 p . m . . according to the advertisement , a lot of events will take place during the show such as make-up , hairstyles , latest fashions and leisure and sports wear . it would be a golden opportunity to see up-to-date fashion . in addition , it is free for students . 
after consideration , we would like you to reorganise the 2nd day programme . we are politely asking you . it would be grateful if you can reorganise this matter at your earliest convenience . 
after consideration , we would like you to reorganise the 2nd day's programme . we are politely asking you . it would be great if you could reorganise this matter at your earliest convenience . 
i look forward to meeting you to discuss this matter . 
i look forward to meeting you to discuss this matter . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
hide and seek ! 
hide and seek ! 
nowaday , a lot of celebrities , such as pop , film and sports stars , suffer from being intruded on the privacy of their lives . undoubtedly , their the first enemies are " journalists " . 
nowadays , a lot of celebrities , such as pop , film and sports stars , suffer from the privacy of their lives being intruded on . undoubtedly , their first enemies are " journalists " . 
some people are in favour of covering famous people's in-depth stories . because it is interesting and they can forget about their own problems by imagining celebrities' luxurious lives . moreover , they think that celebrities do not have to hide from publicity because it means that they are extremely popular with people and being loved . 
some people are in favour of covering famous people's stories in depth , because it is interesting and they can forget about their own problems by imagining celebrities' luxurious lives . moreover , they think that celebrities do not have to hide from publicity because it means that they are extremely popular with people and being loved . 
on the other hand , other people are against following celebrities and photographing them every moment . they claim that it is absolutely intrusion on the privacy . what is more , they insist that before celebrities , they are also human-beings who want to live without being disturbed and watched . 
on the other hand , other people are against following celebrities and photographing them every moment . they claim that it is absolutely an intrusion on their privacy . what is more , they insist that as well as celebrities , they are also human beings who want to live without being disturbed and watched . 
in conclusion , there are both advantages and disadvantages of covering celebrities . taking everything account , the drawbacks far outweigh its benefits . thus , i think that journalists should consider celebrities' lives and be in celebrities' shoes . 
in conclusion , there are both advantages and disadvantages to covering celebrities . taking everything into account , the drawbacks far outweigh its benefits . thus , i think that journalists should consider celebrities' lives and put themselves in celebrities' shoes . 
dear mr robertson ! 
dear mr robertson ! 
thank you very much for good programme ! we like it very much ! but we would like to go to the london fashion and leisure show . it is on tuesday . we think , that you also would like to go there , when you'll know about it better . there will be showed the latest fashions . also , we will see leisure and sports wear . 
thank you very much for your excellent programme ! we like it very much ! but we would like to go to the london fashion and leisure show . it is on tuesday . we think that you would also like to go there , when you know about it more more about it . there will be shown the latest fashions the latest fashions will be shown there . also , we will see leisure and sports wear . 
we know , that you wanted to have another and didn't know which one . if we go to the show , we will see many hairstyles . maybe it'll help you choose . also , you'll be glad to know , that for students it is free ! so , we think , that it is very good as for you as for us . 
we know that you want to have another and don't know which one . if we go to the show , we will see many hairstyles . maybe it'll help you choose . also , you'll be glad to know that for students it is free ! so , we think that it is very good for you and for us . 
so , we can change your programme a little bit to the best one . on monday afternoon we have the river trip to greenwich , as you have written on your programme . on tuesday morning we go to the show and after that shopping . and on wednesday morning we go to the national art gallery , but after that we can go to the science museum , in the afternoon . 
so , we can change your programme a little bit to the best one . on monday afternoon we have the river trip to greenwich , as you have written in your programme . on tuesday morning we go to the show and after that shopping . and on wednesday morning we go to the national art gallery , and after that we can go to the science museum , in the afternoon . 
our class asks you to think about this programme . we're sure , that you like it very much ! 
our class asks you to think about this programme . we're sure that you will like it very much ! 
it was dangerous , but i knew i had to do it . my best friend told me , she met one boy . she liked him very much . she was speaking about him every time . she told me , that he was hansom , kind , well-understanding ( he understood her from a half of the word ) ; the main was he also liked her very much ! 
it was dangerous , but i knew i had to do it . my best friend told me she had met a boy . she liked him very much . she was talking about him all the time . she told me that he was handsome , kind , and well-understanding ( he understood her from a half of the word ) ; the main thing was he also liked her very much ! 
i belived everything she has told me . and said just to be careful . but in three days she hasn't been at home . she disappeared ! we called the police . they advised us to wait . but we couldn't just sit and wait ! we had to do something . in three days of her disappearing the phone has rung . i took the phone . someone told me if i wanted to see my friend , i must take 5000$ and bring them up to the street . i took any papers , put them to one bag and without saying anything went to my friend to take something like gun . the friend gave me his toy and i gone to the street . there i saw a man and my friend . i showed the man , that i had a gun and money . i surprised that he belived me . of course , it was better for us . i gave him the bag took the friends hand and we run away . after that she told me , that the man was the boy , which she met . 
i believed everything she told me . and said just be careful . but for three days she didn't come home . she disappeared ! we called the police . they advised us to wait . but we couldn't just sit and wait ! we had to do something . after three days of her disappearing the phone rang . i picked up the phone . someone told me if i wanted to see my friend , i must get 5000$ and take it out onto the street . i took some paper , put it into a bag and without saying anything went to my friend to get something that looked like a gun . the friend gave me his toy gun and i went onto the street . there i saw a man and my friend . i showed the man that i had a gun and money . i was surprised that he believed me . of course , it was better for us . i gave him the bag , took my friend's hand and we ran away . after that she told me that the man was the boy who she had met . 
don't believe everyone ! better check , if you are not sure ! 
don't believe everyone ! better check , if you are not sure ! 
dear mr robertson
dear mr robertson
i am writing in the name of the whole class . first of al , i want to thank you for the interesting programme , which you already have organised . it is very good , especially the sightseeing tour by bus . 
i am writing on behalf of the whole class . first of all , i want to thank you for the interesting programme which you have already organised . it is very good , especially the sightseeing tour by bus . 
however , we have seen an advertisement in yesterday's newspaper for the london fashion and leisure show . it takes place on tuesday march 14 from 10 . 00 to 19 . 00 at central exhibition hall in london . there we can see everything about the latest fashions , leisure and sports wear , make up and hairstyles . the entrance for student is free . 
however , we saw an advertisement in yesterday's newspaper for the london fashion and leisure show . it takes place on tuesday march 14 from 10 . 00 to 19 . 00 at central exhibition hall in london . there we will be able to see everything connected with the latest fashions , leisure and sports wear , make-up and hairstyles . the entry entry for students is free . 
this is a great opportunity because as you know most people of our class are going to work in this sector so it will be very interesting for everybody and also a kind of education . 
this is a great opportunity because as you know most people in our class are going to work in this sector so it would be very interesting for everybody and also a kind of education . 
instead of going to the science museum on tuesday morning we thought we could postpone it to wednesday afternoon . the shopping could be done after the river trip to greenwich but only if we have enough time . 
instead of going to the science museum on tuesday morning , we thought we could postpone it to wednesday afternoon . the shopping could be done after the river trip to greenwich but only if we have enough time . 
i hope you will agree with our suggestion and if you have any further questions do not hesistate to contact me . 
i hope you will agree with our suggestion and if you have any further questions do not hesitate to contact me . 
i look forward to hearing from you soon . 
i look forward to hearing from you soon . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
will the home of the future really look different ? it's quite difficult to say , but of course there will be a change . 
will the home of the future really look different ? it's quite difficult to say , but of course there will be changes . 
for example if you look back into the forties and compare the home with nowadays you can see that it has become more modern , especially the facilities in the kitchen and in the livingroom . 
for example , if you look back to the forties and compare homes then with nowadays , you can see that they have become more modern , especially the equipment in the kitchen and in the living room . 
in the future it could be that you don't have to prepare your breakfast by your own , perhaps you just have to press a button when your alarm clock has gone . in addition to this you may have some roboters bringing the newspaper at the table , tidying up the house , doing the shopping and maybe they are also your living patners . 
in the future it is possible that you won't have to prepare your breakfast yourself , perhaps you will just have to press a button when your alarm clock has gone off . in addition to this , you may have some robots bringing the newspaper to the table , tidying up the house , and doing the shopping . maybe they will also be your life partners . 
the place to spend the night will still be the bed . the livingroom won't get any big changes although the televisions , stereos and videos will become more modern and perhaps more difficult . 
the place to spend the night will still be the bed . the living room won't see any big changes , although televisions , stereos and videos will become more modern and perhaps more complicated . 
in general we can say the huge change we already had , but who knows exactly what the future will bring to us ? 
in general we can see the huge changes we have already had , but who knows exactly what the future will bring for us ? 
let's have a surprise ? 
let's have a surprise . 
dear mr. robertson , 
dear mr. robertson , 
i have been asked by my classmates to write to you to suggest a new activity which you could include in the london programme if you liked it . 
i have been asked by my classmates to write to you to suggest a new activity which you could include in the london programme if you like it . 
we are very grateful to you for these three days that we are going to spend in the english capital , especially because you planned very interesting and different kinds of things to do for all us . 
we are very grateful to you for these three days that we are going to spend in the english capital , especially because you have planned very interesting and different kinds of things to do for all of us for all of us to do . 
however , all we agree that we would like to introduce a visit to the london fashion and leisure show in the central exhibition hall of london in the trip organisation . i am sure that , if you allow us to go , we are going to enjoy it a lot , to learn new topics about the english culture and have an opportunity to communicate ourselves with all those professional of the fashion . 
however , we all agree that we would like to include a visit to the london fashion and leisure show at the central exhibition hall of london in the trip itinerary . i am sure that if you allow us to go , we are going to enjoy it a lot , learn new facts about english culture and have an opportunity to talk with all those professionals of the fashion . 
it is a very good chance to join this exhibition to see all the new fashion tendences , the latest hairstyles and make up as all we came from many different countries and have not the same customs either . 
it is a very good chance to attend this exhibition to see all the new fashions tendencies , the latest hairstyles and make-up as all of us come from many different countries and do not have the same customs either . 
and another important thing to consider is that for the students the tickets are free . 
and another important thing to consider is that for the students the tickets are free . 
as the show is held on tuesday from 10:00 to 19:00 we could go there instead of doing shopping in the afternoon . by this way , we would visit the museum as you had planned and n wednesday afternoon we could use the free time to do some shopping if we wished it . 
as the show is held on tuesday from 10:00 to 19:00 we could go there instead of going shopping in the afternoon . this way , we would visit the museum as you had planned and on wednesday afternoon we could use the free time to do some shopping if we wished . 
well , that is all i wanted to tell you . we do hope you like our suggestion and we can have an agreement to join the fashion exhibition . 
well , that is all i wanted to tell you . we do hope you like our suggestion and we can have an agreement to attend the fashion exhibition . 
yours sincerelly , 
yours sincerely , 
do famous people , such as politicians and film stars , deserve to have a private life without journalists following them all the time ? 
do famous people , such as politicians and film stars , deserve to have a private life without journalists following them all the time ? 
some people think that they should . they are human beings actually and they need to keep a little bit of pirvacity and freedom in their lifes to continue like normal people , to feel that they are unknown and anonymus and they do not have to wear sunglasses , hats or caps every time they want to go out home not to be recognised . . 
some people think that they should . they are human beings and they need to keep a little bit of privacy and freedom in their lives to continue like normal people , to feel that they are unknown and anonymous and they do not have to wear sunglasses , hats or caps every time they want to leave home in order not to be recognised . 
this is supposed to make them happier . . . 
this is supposed to make them happier . . . 
nevertheless , if the famous are known everywhere in the world it is because of the people , if they appear often on tv or in films it is because of their popularity , a popularity which has given to them by all us . 
nevertheless , if the famous are known everywhere in the world it is because of the people . if they appear often on tv or in films it is because of their popularity , a popularity which was given to them by all us . 
so they need to become famous to be what they want and if the people don't know them , they are forgotten , they die . . . 
so they need to become famous to be what they want and if the people don't know them , they are forgotten , they die . . . 
to sum up i would like to say that for me is very difficult which group has the reason but , by the moment , we should try to respect each other and go in the other's soul to feel like them in those moments we cannot understand them . 
to sum up i would like to say that for me it is very difficult to decide which group is right but , for the moment , we should try to respect each other and go in the other's soul to feel like them in those moments we cannot understand them . 
dear mr. robertson : 
dear mr. robertson , 
i'm writing you representing all the english class in order to let you know how exciting we are about the trip to london and to give you some ideas of other things we are interresting on doing in london while we're there . 
i'm writing to you on behalf of all the english class in order to let you know how excited we are about the trip to london and to give you some ideas of other things we are interesting interested in doing in london while we're there . 
first of all , we'd like to thank you for the programme you all ready arrange it's wonderful , because it covers most of our interrests . but also we would like to visit the london fashion and leisure show that will be held at the central kexhibition hall on tuesday march 14 from 10:00 - 19:00 . so we suggest to put it this way on tuesday 14 , in the morning go to the science museum and instead of shopping , we could attend the london fashion show , because will be the latest fashion , leisure and sports wear , make up , and hair styles , and as you know us , we love all those topics , and it's a great opportunity while we are london . 
first of all , we'd like to thank you for the programme you already arrange have already arranged . it's wonderful because it covers most of our interests . but also we would like to visit the london fashion and leisure show that will be held at the central exhibition hall on tuesday march 14 from 10:00 - 19:00 . so we suggest putting doing things this way on tuesday 14 : in the morning go to the science museum and , instead of shopping , we could attend the london fashion show , because there will be the latest fashions , leisure wear , sportswear , make-up , and hair styles , and as you know , we love all those topics , and it's a great opportunity while we are in london . 
thank you for your time , and we're looking forward to hearing from your opion . 
thank you for your time . we're looking forward to hearing from you soon . 
faithfully yours 
sincerely yours yours sincerely 
it was dangerous , but i knew i had to do it . . . because
it was dangerous , but i knew i had to do it . . . because
since always i'd gotten the idea of travel abroad and experiece others people's life and cultures , so i decided to go to paris as soon as i finished university . 
i had always wanted to travel abroad and experience other people's lives and cultures , so i decided to go to paris as soon as i finished university . 
i arrived in paris for new years eve 2000 without a place to stay , not speaking any french , alone and with a little amount of money . but eventhough all of these desadventages above , i was folling my dreams and objectives and inspite of everything i was going to do it . 
i arrived in paris on new year's eve 2000 without a place to stay , not speaking any french , alone and with a small amount of money . but even though in spite of all of these disadvantages , i was following pursuing my dreams and objectives and in spite of everything i was going to do it . 
so suddenly , a week later i found me a job as an au pair , taking care of two little girls that only spoke french at that moment . it took me three months to overcame the languages and after this time the whole familly falled in love with me , that when they decided to move to london , they invited me and now we all live here and i feel like part of the familly , eventhough it was very hard at the beggining . 
so suddenly , a week later i found myself a job as an au pair , taking care of two little girls that only spoke french at that time . it took me three months to overcome learn the language and by this time the whole family fell had fallen in love with me , so that when they decided to move to london , they invited me and now we all live here and i feel like part of the family , even though it was very hard at the beginning . 
dear mr. robertson , 
dear mr. robertson , 
i am writing on behalf of students in your english class . firstly , we are please and would like to thank you for your arrangement to taking us to london for 3 days . 
i am writing on behalf of the students in your english class . firstly , we are pleased and would like to thank you for your arranging to take us to london for 3 days . 
unfortunately , some students have seen an advertisements for the london fashion and leisure show and we all like to go to the show . 
unfortunately , some students have seen an advertisement for the london fashion and leisure show and we would all like to go to the show . 
this show will be taken place at central exhibition hall in london on tuesday 14 of march at 10 . 00 - 19 . 00 , which include the latest fashions , leisure and sports wear , make up and hairstyles . 
this show will take place at the central exhibition hall in london on tuesday 14 of march between 10 . 00 - 19 . 00 , which includes the latest fashions , leisure and sports wear , make-up and hairstyles . 
it is a great opportunity to visit because it is shown only twice a year and the entrance is free for students . furthermore , most of us are designers so this might help to up-dated their knowledge as well . 
it is a great opportunity to visit it because it is held only twice a year and entrance is free for students . furthermore , most of us are designers so this might help to up-date update our knowledge as well . 
therefore , i would like to suggest that on monday 13 and wednesday 14 of march , we still stick with your plan . we might change the schedule on tuesday 14 march , from visiting science museum to the london fashion and leisure show . 
therefore , i would like to suggest that on monday 13 and wednesday 14 of march , we still stick with your plan . we might change the schedule on tuesday 14 march , from visiting the science museum to the london fashion and leisure show . 
i would appreciate if the matter can be settled down easily and look forward to hearing from you soon . 
i would appreciate it if the matter could be settled easily and look forward to hearing from you soon . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
i was dangerous , but i knew i had to do it . i remember when i was in secondary school . at that time , my friends and i was so daring and full of energy . 
it was dangerous , but i knew i had to do it . i remember when i was in secondary school . at that time , my friends and i were so daring and full of energy . 
one day before exam , we were so excited and frighten because we weren't ready for exam . we knew that our teacher kept the exam papers in her desk . one of my friend came up with the idea that we had to steal them . the question was who would be the person do this action so we tossed a coin , and the result was me . i was so scare and frighten because if i was caught i would be punished . 
one day before an exam , we were so excited and frightened because we weren't ready for the exam . we knew that our teacher kept the exam papers in her desk . one of my friends came up with the idea that we had to steal them . the question was who would be the person to do to perform this action so we tossed a coin , and the result was me . i was so scared and frightened because if i was caught i would be punished . 
however , i had to do it otherwise my friend would call me a chicken and they dared me to do it . 
however , i had to do it otherwise my friends would call me a chicken and they dared me to do it . 
so , that afternoon in lunch time , i went into the teachers' room and opened her desk and took the paper out quitely and calmly . finally , i was succeed in doing that . i took it to copy and returned it back without anyone saw me . 
so , that afternoon at lunchtime , i went into the teachers' room and opened her desk and took the paper out quietly and calmly . finally , i was successful in doing that . i took it to copy and returned it without anyone seeing me . 
that was the most scarely and daring thing that i did in my childhood . i wouldn't have imagined if i had been caught . 
that was the most scary and daring thing that i did in my childhood . i can't imagine what would have happened if i had been caught . 
dear mr robertson , 
dear mr robertson , 
i'm writing to you to thank you for the programme you have organised . all students are very pleased and we are looking forward to go to london . we know we are going for three days , but we'll have enough time to use one of the bigger city in the world . 
i'm writing to you to thank you for the programme you have organised . all the students are very pleased and we are looking forward to going to london . we know we are going for only three days , but we'll have enough time to see one of the biggest cities in the world . 
london is the place to be when always something happening . 
london is the place to be because there is always something happening . 
we all very happy with your programme , especially we like the idea of sightseeing by our and national art gallery . 
we are all very happy with your programme , we especially like the idea of going sightseeing by ourselves and visiting the national art gallery . 
the students in my class have seen an advertisement for the london fashion and leisure show , we would like to ask you if is possible to make some changes in the programme ? 
the students in my class have seen an advertisement for the london fashion and leisure show , and we would like to ask you if it is possible to make some changes to the programme . 
the show is on tuesday the 14th between 10 . 00 - 13 . 00 . we think is the great opportunity to see latest fashion , find about make up and hairstyles . and all of it is free , according to your programme we have the science museum which is in the morning and then shopping . would it be possible to go to the museum and then for the shopping in our free time which is on wednesday ? 
the show is on tuesday 14th between 10 . 00 and 13 . 00 . we think it is a great opportunity to see the latest fashions , and find out about make-up and hairstyles . and all of it is free . according to your programme , we have the science museum which is in the morning and then shopping . would it be possible to go to the museum and then go shopping in our free time , which is on wednesday ? 
all students will be very greatful . 
all the students would be very grateful . 
your sincerly 
yours yours sincerely 
i think for all of us home is something which is a very important . home sweet home . we call home the place where we live or the country where we come frome . 
i think for all of us home is something which is very important . home sweet home . we call home the place where we live or the country where we come from . 
anyway home is always the place to go because is ours we feel save and comfortable . home sweet home . 
anyway home is always the place to go because it is ours , we feel safe and comfortable there . home sweet home . 
after hard work we want to go home to have our corner where we are all able to rest and relax . 
after hard work , we want to go home to have our corner where we are able to rest and relax . 
i think in the future home might be just the place to go to sleep . 
i think in the future home might be just the place to go to sleep . 
we live in the very busy world ! working long hours , doing plenty of activieties , going out , going on holidays . we even don't spend time with families . propably in the future we might be to busy to go to our own home and spend some time there . 
we live in a very busy world ! working long hours , doing plenty of activities , going out , going on holidays . we don't even spend time with our families . probably in the future we may be too busy to go to our own home and spend some time there . 
but in the end of the day it alway will be place to go ! we find our family there and our life . some of us have been living in one house since they were born . we are sentimental and we have memory from the past . i think it's a part of our life . lf 
but at the end of the day it always will will always be the place to go ! we find our family there and our life . some of us have been living in the same house since we were born . we are sentimental and we have memories from the past . i think it's a part of our life . 
sir robertson , 
sir robertson , 
we are really appriciate about giving very nice program , which is organised by your this time . especially river trip to greenwich makes us very excited and we are really looking to forwold to his . 
we really appreciate your organising a very nice programme , which has been organised by you this time . in particular the river trip to greenwich makes us very excited and we are really looking to forward to this . 
by the way , on 14th of march london fashion show and leisure show will hold at central exhibition hall . we are very interested in this . we have a great opportunity to learn latest fashion free because of students . 
by the way , on the 14th of march the london fashion show and leisure show will be held at the central exhibition hall . we are very interested in this . we have a great opportunity to learn about the latest fashions free because we are students . 
therefore if you could change the program on 14th , we would be very happy . could you consider this for us ? we're looking forwold to your reply . 
therefore if you could change the programme on 14th , we would be very happy . could you consider this for us ? we're looking forward to your reply . 
thank you . 
thank you . 
faithfully , 
sincerely , 
your students . 
your students . 
the home of the future . 
the home of the future . 
as developing modern society , we will become to have more material than now . invent glass was very eventuly to architect . 
as a developing modern society , we will become to have more material than now . invent glass was very eventually to architect . 
architecuture with use of grass brough us the modenism in 1980 . 
architecture with use of glass brought us modernism in 1980 . 
in the future we can expect having new material and it will make our living more confortable and convinient . in japan , crime of minority is increasing . it said that as one of the reasons small separete room makes kids unsociable and dissapointed . 
in the future we can expect to have a new material and it will make our life more comfortable and convenient . in japan , crime among minors is increasing . it is said that one of the reasons is that a small separate room makes children unsociable and disappointed depressed . 
therefore japanese architect consider designing of use many glasses as much as they can in house and try not to create speparate dark room . 
therefore japanese architects consider designing of use a lot of glass as much as they can in house and try not to create separate dark dark separate rooms . 
otherwise as producing new electoronic , our home of future will be more convinient . on the other hand inside of the house will be too simple . although high might be still same . because human high won't change so much , unless 10000 years passed . 
also as producing new electronic , our home of the future will be more convenient . on the other hand the inside of the house will be very simple . although the height might still be the same , because human height won't change so much , unless 10000 years have passed . 
dear mr robertson , 
dear mr robertson , 
on the behalf of all the students , i thank you for organizing our trip to london and for the really interesting programme you propose to us as well . it is likely to enrich our vocabulary and our knowledge of the english culture . . . however , we would like to suggest you something:
on behalf of all the students , i thank you for organizing our trip to london and for the really interesting programme you propose for us as well . it is likely to enrich our vocabulary and our knowledge of english culture . . . however , we would like to suggest something:
a few days ago , we saw an advertisement about " the london fashion and leisure show " which seems to be very attractive . therefore , after having talked about it , we all concluded that we would be pleased to go there . let me explain you what it is: it must be an exhibition which takes place in the " central exhibition hall " on tuesday and deals with the latest fashions , the different leisures , make up and so on . . . 
a few days ago , we saw an advertisement about " the london fashion and leisure show " , which seems to be very interesting . therefore , after having talked about it , we all concluded that we would be pleased to go there . let me explain to you what it is: it is an exhibition which takes place in the " central exhibition hall " on tuesday and deals with the latest fashions , the different leisure , make-up and so on . . . 
what do you think about our jobs ? it would be all the more interesting for us as fashion is a great interest for people from our age . moreover , you wouldn't have to worry about the price as it is free for the students . if you agree , we will only have to change the programme on tuesday afternoon: i mean that instead of shopping , we would go to this exhibition . but i guess that neither us nor you would be against the sacrifice of a " shopping-afternoon " - that we can even put on wednesday during the free-time - so that to enjoy the fashion and leisure show . . . 
what do you think about our jobs ? it would be very interesting for us as fashion is of great interest for people our age . moreover , you wouldn't have to worry about the price as it is free for students . if you agree , we will only have to change the programme on tuesday afternoon: i mean that instead of shopping , we would go to this exhibition . but i guess that neither we nor you would be against the sacrifice of a " shopping-afternoon " - that we can even have on wednesday during our free time - so that we are able to enjoy the fashion and leisure show . . . 
please , let us know . 
please , let us know . 
yours faithfully 
yours sincerely 
the respect of famous people's private life has always been a hot topic . . . on the one hand , those people are equal to us in the way that they had a childhood , thy got married and built a family . . . the only difference between them and us is the kind of job they are doing which is literally a " public job " . therefore , why do we have to talk and gossip about them ? ! but on the other hand , the aim of a " public job " such as politician or actor is to be known and appreciated by the population . and here comes the paradox : do we have to reveal someone's privacy to judge his work and appreciate him ? well , some people would agree whereas others would desagree . i guess this is an unanswerable question . . . 
the respect of famous people's private lives has always been a hot topic . . . on the one hand , those people are like us in the way that they had a childhood , they got married and had a family . . . the only difference between them and us is the kind of job they are doing , which is literally a " public job " . therefore , why do we have to talk and gossip about them ? ! but on the other hand , the aim of a " public job " , such as politician or actor , is to be known and appreciated by the population . and here comes the paradox : do we have to reveal someone's privacy to judge his work and appreciate him ? well , some people would say yes whereas others would disagree . i guess this is an unanswerable question . . . 
as far as i'm concerned , i would say that famous people made the choice to be followed and tracked by journalists all the time , when they chose to be famous . that's as simple as this ! everyone is aware of the celebrity's consequences so , if they really wanted their privacy , why did they choose a " public job " ? ? even if anyone deserve to have a private life , famous people know and might have made a mistake . . . however , i would add that journalists - being aware of that hard topic - should try to modorate what they write in order to respect altrui's privacy; since they would probably not be glad to have their own private life revealed ! 
as far as i'm concerned , i would say that famous people made the decision to be followed and tracked by journalists all the time , when they chose to be famous . it's as simple as that ! everyone is aware of the celebrity's predicament so , if they really wanted their privacy , why did they choose a " public job " ? ? even if everyone deserves to have a private life , famous people know and might have made a mistake . . . however , i would add that journalists - being aware of that hard topic - should try to moderate what they write in order to respect other people's privacy; since they would probably not be happy to have their own private life exposed ! 
but to solve this problem , we may think first about its origin . . . " reading the gossips " : isn't it what anyone of us love doing ? ? therefore we should try to educate ourselves so as to respect altrui in his privacy . 
but to solve this problem , we must think first about its origin . . . " reading the gossip " : isn't it what all of us love doing ? ? therefore we should try to educate ourselves so as to respect other people in his privacy . 
why not ? 
why not ? 
to conclude , i would say that " privacy " and " celebrity " can't go together . it's just a matter of choice: being aware of that problem , everyone is free to become famous or not . . . ! 
to conclude , i would say that " privacy " and " celebrity " can't go together . it's just a matter of choice: being aware of that problem , everyone is free to become famous or not . . . ! 
dear mr robertson
dear mr robertson
thank you for the good programme which you have organised . there is only one thing we don't agree with you , it is the tuesday 14 march . 
thank you for the good programme which you have organised . there is only one thing we don't agree with you about , it is the tuesday 14 march . 
we have seen an advertisement for the london fashion and leisure show . and we would all like to go to this show . it would be very special for us because we haven't seen something like that before . there are four different shows . first there is a show with latest fashions , after they show us the leisure and sports wear and then there are the make up and the hairstyles shows . 
we have seen an advertisement for the london fashion and leisure show and we would all like to go to this show . it would be very special for us because we haven't seen anything like that before . there are four different shows . first there is a show with the latest fashions , after they show leisure and sportswear and then there are the make-up and the hairstyles shows . 
the show is not as expensive as the science museum because the entry of the show is free for students . 
the show is not as expensive as the science museum because entry to the show is free for students . 
you see , the programme has only to be changed on tuesday morning . in the afternoon we go shopping how you have organised in your programme . in our opinion ; it is enough to go one time in a museum and it is on wednesday . 
you see , the programme only has to be changed on tuesday morning . in the afternoon we go shopping how you have organised your programme . in our opinion it is enough to go one time to a museum and it is on wednesday . 
thank you in advance for your trouble 
thank you in advance for your trouble . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
your english class 4a
your english class 4a
the home of the future
the home of the future
now , we are in the 21th century . most of us live in houses or flats and it is most very comfortable . but in which kind of homes will people stay in the future ? what will be different and what wont change ? we can need our imagination for answering these questions but we will never know the right answer . 
now , we are in the 21st century . most of us live in houses or flats and it is mostly very comfortable . but in what kind of homes will people live in the future ? what will be different and what won't change ? we will need our imagination to answer these questions but we will never know the right answer . 
i have further ideas : in the futur , maybe in 2113 , there will are houses like now but only with more technical things . the life at home will be more easy because a refrigerator which fill up itself or a bathroom which clean itself . so , people wont have to clean their houses because there are machine for all works . 
i have further ideas . in the future , maybe in 2113 , there will be houses like now but with more technical things . life at home will be easier because a refrigerator which fills itself up or a bathroom which cleans itself . so , people won't have to clean their houses because there will be a machine for all the work . 
but i think that people will altough need a bed and a table with a chair . these things and a lot more went change or wont be forgotten . so , i think . houses only will be more moderne and more practique but not very different from our home in the present . 
but i think that people will although also need a bed and a table with a chair . these things and a lot more won't change or won't be forgotten . so , i think houses will only be more modern and more practical but not very different from our homes in the present . 
this is my idea and we will see ! 
this is my idea and we will see ! 
dear mr robertson , 
dear mr robertson , 
thank you for organising a good programme for us . all of my classmates are expecting to go to london . i am satisfied with your programme . however i would like to suggest a good idea as a representative of our class . 
thank you for organising a good programme for us . all of my classmates are expecting to go to london . i am satisfied with your programme . however i would like to suggest a good idea as a representative of our class . 
we have just sen the advertisement for 'the london fashion and leisure show' . the show include the latest fashions , sports wears and make up . we are very keen on the fashions and make up . moreover , the admittion fee is free for students . it would be a great opportunity to study the latest fashion trend . 
we have just seen the advertisement for 'the london fashion and leisure show' . the show includes the latest fashions , sportswears sportswear and make-up . we are very keen on fashions and make-up . moreover , the admission fee is free for students . it would be a great opportunity to study the latest fashion trend . 
it is held at the 'central exhibition hall' on 14 march . , from 10 a . m . to 7 p . m . therefore we could go there after the science museum . if some students want a shopping , they could go on 15 march . because we have a free time on 15 march afternoon . 
it is held at the 'central exhibition hall' on 14 march . , from 10 a . m . to 7 p . m . therefore we could go there after the science museum . if some students want to go shopping , they could go on 15 march , because we have free time on 15 march in the afternoon . 
i hope you will consider my suggestion . 
i hope you will consider my suggestion . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
'a robot wakes me up at 7 a . m . every morning . i am served breakfast with fresh coffee . washing and cleaning have been already done by my robot maid ! everybody might dream about this kind of situation . 
'a robot wakes me up at 7 a . m . every morning . i am served breakfast with fresh coffee . washing and cleaning have already been done by my robot maid ! everybody might dream about this kind of situation . 
it would be come true in the near future . our robot maid will do all of house work instead of human . in addition to this you will be able to control all part of house by a computer such as temperature or vacume cleaning . 
it may come true in the near future . our robot maid will do all of the housework instead of a human . in addition to this you will be able to control all parts of the house by computer such as temperature or vacuum cleaning . 
however , this robot can not replace of mother or wife . they can clean the house but they can not give the affection to the family . children need parents love and support all the time . 
however , this robot cannot replace a mother or wife . they can clean the house but they cannot give affection to the family . children need parents' love and support all the time . 
to sum up , modern technology will bring lots of changes and our daily lives would be more convenience . but these robots can not be replaced of warm-heart human . 
to sum up , modern technology will bring lots of changes and our daily lives will be more convenient . but these robots cannot replace a warm-hearted human . 
i am writing this letter because we saw your programme for our next trip to london and we would like to suggest you just one thing . 
i am writing this letter because we saw your programme for our next trip to london and we would like to suggest to you just one thing . 
first of all , we would like to say you thank you very much for organised our tour around london and our programme wich is considered for us especially good for the places we will visit . 
first of all , we would like to say thank you very much for organising our tour around london and our programme , which is considered especially good for us because of the places we will visit . 
secondly , we saw last saturday in the oxfor news one advertisement about the london fashion and leisure show and we would like to know if could be posible to inclued this show in our tour . the show is going to take place in the gernal exhibition hall in london , the thurday 14 of march , so could be a good idea to see this show intead of go to science museum . 
secondly , we saw last saturday in the oxfor news an advertisement about the london fashion and leisure show and we would like to know if it would be possible to include this show in our tour . the show is going to take place in the general exhibition hall in london , the thursday thursday thursday the 14 of march , so it could be a good idea to see this show instead of going to the science museum . 
we think that it could be great opportunity because in one day we can see every thing about fashion clothes , new makes up and hayrstyles . furthermore is student free . 
we think that it could be a great opportunity because in one day we can see everything concerning fashionable clothes , new make-up and hairstyles . furthermore it is free for students . 
i you would like more information do not hesitate to contact me . 
if you would like more information do not hesitate to contact me . 
i am looking for you reply . 
i am looking forward to your reply . 
yours , sincerely
yours sincerely
dear mr robertson , 
dear mr robertson , 
the reason of my letter , is that our class would like to suggest a few changes on our programme of london , because we have seen an advertisement about an interesting activity that we could include in our programme . 
the reason for my letter is that our class would like to suggest a few changes to our programme for london , because we have seen an advertisement about an interesting activity that we could include in our programme . 
first of all , we want to say thanks to you because we know the effort you have done organising our good programme , but we would really like to go to the london fashion and leisure show we saw in the advertisement . we think that perhaps in tuesday march 14 , we could change the time of going to science museum , and ( we ) go earlier to the museum , such as half past eight on the morning , so we could go after , at ten o'clock to the show , and we could also delay going shopping on that afternoon , because the show lasts til seven o'clock on the evening . and we have thought that we could go shopping the next day , because we do not have nothing to do on that afternoon . 
first of all , we want to say thanks to you because we know the effort you have made organising this excellent programme , but we would really like to go to the london fashion and leisure show we saw in the advertisement . we think that perhaps on tuesday march 14 we could change the time when we go to the science museum , and go to the museum earlier , perhaps at half past eight in the morning , so we could go later , at ten o'clock , to the show , and we could also delay going shopping on that afternoon , because the show lasts till seven o'clock in the evening . and we thought that we could go shopping the next day , because we do not have anything to do on that afternoon . 
finally , we would like to say you to think about our suggestion , the show would be fantastic , we would know about the latest fashions , the leisure and sports wear , and also learn about how to make up . it's a great opportunity to know more about fashion . please , let us go to the show , for students are free . 
finally , we would like to ask you to think about our suggestion . the show would be fantastic . we would learn about the latest fashions , leisure and sports wear , and also learn about how to make up . it's a great opportunity to learn more about fashion . please , let us go to the show , because students are admitted free . 
i look forward to hearing from you 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
i think that the home of the future would probably be better than it is now . 
i think that the home of the future would probably be better than a home is now . 
in the future , our homes will have the most advanced technologies . computer will take a important part in our daily life , so that we won't go shopping , because in the computer we would buy whatever we want . books will gradually disappear , and instead we will read all the things we want in our computer . we won't have the necessity of going out from home , because computer will give us everything . 
in the future , our homes will incorporate the most advanced technologies . computers will play an important part in our daily life , so that we won't go shopping , because via the computer we will be able to buy whatever we want . books will gradually disappear , and instead we will read all the things we want on our computer . we won't have any need leaving to leave home , because the computer will give us everything . 
although computers will give us all the material things , it could not give us things like the feeling of being in your home , have , etc . that things won't change in our home . we will live in our homes with our family , who will give us love . . . , that kind of things will never change . 
although computers will give us all the material things , they will not give us things like the feeling of being in your home , have , etc . those things won't change in our home . we will live in our homes with our family , who will give us love . . . that kind of thing will never change . 
in conclusion , in the future home our conditions of life will approve , and computer will be very important for us , but is won't control us , because we still have the most important thing of a home = have , that will be the same as now . 
in conclusion , in the future home our living conditions will improve , and the computer will be very important for us , but it won't control us , because we still have the most important thing in a home = have . that will be the same as now . 
dear mr robertson , 
dear mr robertson , 
i wanted to thank you for allowing us to have this great opportunity to visiting london . 
i wanted to thank you for allowing us to have this great opportunity to visit london . 
i have read the programme and i find it very appealing , specially because of the river trip to greenwich . however , i have seen an advertisement for the london fashion and leisure show and i was wondering if we could visit it . the show is going to be at the central exhibition hall the 14th of march from 10 . 00 to 19 . 00 . there will be shown the latest fashions , leisure and sportwear , some make up and also different hairstyles . the students are free so we won't have to pay for the visit . 
i have read the programme and i find it very appealing , especially because of the river trip to greenwich . however , i have seen an advertisement for the london fashion and leisure show and i was wondering if we could visit it . the show is going to be at the central exhibition hall on the 14th of march from 10 . 00 to 19 . 00 . there will be shown the latest fashions , leisure- and sportswear sports-wear , some make-up and also different hairstyles . the students are admitted free so we won't have to pay for the visit . 
we all think this is a great opportunity to learn more about london daily life and what people like to wear . 
we all think this is a great opportunity to learn more about daily london life and what people like to wear . 
i suggest visiting the london fashion and leisure show on tuesday morning and visit the science museum on friday afternoon . 
i suggest visiting the london fashion and leisure show on tuesday morning and visiting the science museum on friday afternoon . 
we all hope you would consider our suggestion . 
we all hope you will consider our suggestion . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
almost everyone hates other people gossip in their private things . it's a natural reaccion to be angry with somebody you don't trust for gossiping and bothering your personal thoughts . so i think famous people , no matter if they are politicians or films stars don't deserve being followed by journalists every time they are trying to have a good time . 
almost everyone hates other people gossiping about their private lives . it's a natural reaction to be angry with somebody you don't trust for gossiping about you and bothering your personal thoughts . so i think famous people , no matter if they are politicians or film stars , don't deserve to be followed by journalists every time they are trying to have a good time . 
i thing that journalit's only aim is money , be cause they know that if they publish famous people's private life they would earn lot's of money selling the magazine or the newspaper . but they don't consider the problems the romours may bring to the famous family or couple . sometimes the journalit's aim isn't the money: there are some journalists who may try to spoil the politician's or film star's career only because they are jealous . 
i think that the journalist's journalists' only aim is money , because they know that if they publish famous people's private lives they will earn lots of money selling the magazine or the newspaper . but they don't consider the problems the rumours may cause the famous family or couple . sometimes the journalist's journalists' aim isn't the money: there are some journalists who may try to spoil a politician's or film star's career only because they are jealous . 
in conclusion , no matter which or what the journalit's aims are , famous people deserve to have their problems , their affairs , their private life just as normal people have . 
in conclusion , no matter what the journalist's aims are , famous people deserve to have their problems , their affairs , their private lives just as normal people do . 
dear mr robertson
dear mr robertson
i am writing to thank you for the good programme , especially on wednesday , because the other student and i like art galleries . 
i am writing to thank you for the good programme , especially for wednesday , because the other students and i like art galleries . 
but , the last friday , we have seen an advertisement for the " london fashion and leisure show . now , we want to know if it is possible to go to watch this show . it is on tuesday 14th march in the central exhibition hall between 10 . 00 and 19 . 00 . 
but last friday , we saw an advertisement for the " london fashion and leisure show " . now , we want to know if it is possible to go to see this show . it is on tuesday 14th march in the central exhibition hall between 10 . 00 and 19 . 00 . 
we think that it is a great opportunity because it is just one time per year and it is free for stundents . 
we think that it is a great opportunity because it is just once per year and it is free for students . 
we suggest you to change the programme . we think that monday and wednesday are good , but we ask you to change the programme on tuesday . if it is possible , we want to go to the " london fashion and leisure show " and don't go shopping . 
we suggest you change the programme . we think that monday and wednesday are good , but we ask you to change the programme on tuesday . if it is possible , we want to go to the " london fashion and leisure show " and not go shopping . 
we look forward to hearing from you as soon as possible . 
we look forward to hearing from you as soon as possible . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
it was dangerous , but i knew i had to do it . 
it was dangerous , but i knew i had to do it . 
last july , i went to spend two weeks with my best in a beautiful village in the south of france , near saint-tropez . 
last july , i went to spend two weeks with my best friend in a beautiful village in the south of france , near saint-tropez . 
we lived in my aunt's house who was in the center of the village . in front of my aunt's house , there is a house with swimming pool , garage and garden . my aunt told me it was the famous french singer's house . 
we stayed at my aunt's house which was in the centre of the village . in front of my aunt's house , there was a house with a swimming pool , garage and garden . my aunt told me it was a famous french singer's house . 
one night , i heard a strange sound . i loocked outside and saw two men go into the house in front of mine . they went into the house through a window . i though it was some rubbers . 
one night , i heard a strange sound . i looked outside and saw two men go into the house in front of mine . they went into the house through a window . i thought it was some robbers . 
i said to my friend that i wanted to go to see and he must phone to the police . i went near the house and waited to look what it would happen . 
i said to my friend that i wanted to go to see and he must phone the police . i went near the house and waited to see what would happen . 
after ten minutes , one man came out with a big bag and went into his car . when the other man came out , i caught him and fighted him . the first man went away , because a police car arrived . 
after ten minutes , one man came out with a big bag and got into his car . when the other man came out , i caught him and fought him . the first man went away because a police car arrived . 
the policeman came to take the bugglar and thanked me to catch him . 
the policeman came to take the burglar and thanked me for catching him . 
dear mr robertson . 
dear mr robertson , 
i'm writing you about our journey which you have already orginesed . 
i'm writing to you about our trip which you have organised . 
first of all , thank you for your good programme . we saw your details and enjoyed them . especially river trip to greenwich and visiting national art gallery . 
first of all , thank you for the good programme . we saw the details and were pleased with them , especially the river trip to greenwich and visiting the national art gallery . 
all the students in my class are excited about one more thing . we saw an advertisement about fashion and leisure show . it will be at central exhibition hall , london . the date is tuesday march 14 . the show can be seen between 10 . 00 - 19 . 00 . this show is about latest fashions , leisure and sports wear , make up and hairstyles . one more thing about show is , it's free for students . isn't it a big opportunity for us ? 
all the students in my class are excited about one more thing . we saw an advertisement for the fashion and leisure show . it will be at the central exhibition hall , london . the date is tuesday march 14 . the show is open 10 . 00 - 19 . 00 . this show is about the latest fashions , leisure and sports wear , make-up and hairstyles . one more thing about the show is that it's free for students . isn't it a great opportunity for us ? 
as you know , there is a free time in your programme if you don't mind , we can go for shopping in this free time . this changing , give us an opportunity to go to show on tuesday afternoon . 
as you know , there is some free time in your programme . if you don't mind , we can go shopping in this free time . this change would give us the opportunity to go to the show on tuesday afternoon . 
we hope you an accept our suggestion . it will make us so happy . 
we hope you accept our suggestion . it would make us so happy . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
sincerally , 
sincerely , 
a private life
a private life
all people have some difficulties about their job but some of them have more than the others . reason for this ; they are famous and everybody wants to learn about them . 
all people have some difficulties with their jobs but some have more than others . the reason for this is that they are famous and everybody wants to know about them . 
having a private life is important for everybody . i think , people want this . if you are a famous person , for example singer , film star , politician or well-know footballer , you haven't get any choice . because people want to learn about you everything . so journalists are following you all the time . 
having a private life is important for everybody . i think people want this . if you are a famous person , for example a singer , film star , politician or well-known footballer , you haven't got any choice . because people want to learn everything about you , journalists follow you all the time . 
i know , they are not like us . they are famous , but i think they need to be alone sometimes . they nead to be with their family in silence . this is important for everybody and i think this is important for them , too . 
i know they are not like us . they are famous , but i think they need to be alone sometimes . they need to be with their family in peace . this is important for everybody and i think this is important for them , too . 
i think media must be more understanding . we don't have to learn their every second . we have to remember that , they need a private life like us . we can love them without disturbing too . 
i think the media must be more understanding . we don't have to know about their every second . we have to remember that they need a private life like us . we can love them without disturbing them too . 
dear mr robertson , 
dear mr robertson , 
first of all , i would like to thank you for the lovely programme you organised for our trip to london , especially because we will have both cultural trips and entertainments , like shopping . i can tell you that we are all looking forward to going there . 
first of all , i would like to thank you for the wonderful programme you have organised for our trip to london , especially because we will have both cultural trips and entertainment , like shopping . i can tell you that we are all looking forward to going there . 
however , i have been asked by the class to propose you another visit . we all would like to go and see the london fashion and leisure show which will take place on tuesday 14th march , from 10 . 00 to 19 . 00 , in the london's central exhibition hall . this show is about the latest fashions , the leisure and sports wear , the make-up and the hairstyles . 
however , i have been asked by the class to propose to you another visit another visit to you . we would all like to go and see the london fashion and leisure show which will take place on tuesday 14th march , from 10 . 00 to 19 . 00 , in london's central exhibition hall . this show is about the latest fashions , leisure and sports wear , make-up and hairstyles . 
everybody in the class is interested in this show , and it would be a great opportunity for us to see it , especially because many of us would like to work later in the fashion . moreover , this show won't cost anything because it is free for the students ! 
everybody in the class is interested in this show , and it would be a great opportunity for us to see it , especially because many of us would like to work later in the fashion industry . moreover , this show won't cost anything because it is free for students ! 
consequently , i proposed to change the programme as follows ; on tuesday afternoon , instead of shopping , we could go to this show and we could go shopping on wednesday afternoon , during our free time . what do you think about that ? 
consequently , i propose we change the programme as follows : on tuesday afternoon , instead of shopping , we could go to this show and we could go shopping on wednesday afternoon , during our free time . what do you think about that ? 
hoping to hear from your decision soon . 
hoping to hear of your decision soon . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
( class 3cd ) 
( class 3cd ) 
" famous people , such as politicians and film stars , deserve to have a private life without journalists following them all the time . " 
" famous people , such as politicians and film stars , deserve to have a private life without journalists following them all the time . " 
nowadays , most people think that famous people have a so good life ( lots of money , comfortable house ) that they have to stop complaining about he media's treatment , because they have chosen to have this kind of life . 
nowadays , most people think that famous people have a such such a good life ( with lots of money , comfortable houses etc ) that they have to stop complaining about the media's treatment , because they have chosen to have this kind of life . 
on one hand , it is true because famous people have to do their jobs , that means being interviewed , giving news to the audiance , and soon . moreover , especially for film stars , lots of people are hoping to see them on the tv or in the newspapers , and this is really good for their fame . 
on the one hand , it is true because famous people have to do their jobs , that means being interviewed , giving news to the audience public , and so on . moreover , especially with film stars , lots of people are hoping to see them on the tv or in the newspapers , and this is really good for their careers . 
however , on the other hand , it must be so annoying to be followed by journalists or photographs all the time . you can't go outside quietly , and there is all the time a crownd of people who stands in front of your house waiting for you . 
however , on the other hand , it must be so annoying to be followed by journalists or photographers all the time . you can't go outside in peace , and there is always a crowd of people who stand in front of your house waiting for you . 
the question you have to ask yourself is: would you like to have all the time people around your house who are watching at you or people who are following you everywhere ? i am sure that nobody would like this . 
the question you have to ask yourself is: would you like to have people around your house all the time watching you or people following you everywhere ? i am sure that nobody would like this . 
that is why i think that famous people deserve a private life , like everybody , and that journalists should not follow them everywhere . 
that is why i think that famous people deserve a private life , like everybody else , and that journalists should not follow them everywhere . 
dear mr robertson , 
dear mr robertson , 
i am writing to tell you that my class is interested in going to the show which takes place in central exhibition hall in london in 14th march . 
i am writing to tell you that my class is interested in going to the show which takes place at the central exhibition hall in london on 14th march . 
we have seen it in the advertisment and i would like to go to the show . i would also like to tell you that it is very interesting programme because it includes all the latest fashion about leisure and sports wear make up as well as hairstyles . it is great opportunity for us because the fashion is fashinating and free . 
we have seen it in an advertisement and i would like to go to the show . i would also like to tell you that it is a very interesting event because it includes all the latest fashions in leisure and sports wear and make-up as well as hairstyles . it is a great opportunity for us because the fashion is fascinating and free . 
i should be more grateful if you could change the programme so as to go to the show . for example we shall be able to putoff our visit at the science museums in thusday morning for wednesday afternoon . the fashion show starts at 10 oclock and finishes at 19 o'clock . 
i would be very grateful if you could change the programme so as to allow us to go to the show . for example , we would be able to put off our visit to the science museums on tuesday morning till wednesday afternoon . the fashion show starts at 10 o'clock and finishes at 7 o'clock . 
i look forward to hearing from you as soon as possible . 
i look forward to hearing from you as soon as possible . 
yours faithfully , 
yours sincerely , 
all the people have the right to have a private life without others people to disturb them following all the time . 
all people have the right to have a private life without other people disturbing them and following them all the time . 
the journalists follow the famous people , such as politicians and film stars , in order to take fotos and other information about them . after that journalist sell their information in the newspaper and magazines in order to earn money . 
journalists follow famous people , such as politicians and film stars , in order to take photos and get information about them . after that the journalists sell their information to the newspapers and magazines in order to earn money . 
i thin that it is very dangerous because the famous peple cannot have you private life and on the other hand they may suffer from deppresion and sadness which may be lead them to suicide . 
i think that it is very dangerous because the famous people cannot have a private life and consequently they may suffer from depression and sadness , which may lead them to suicide . 
i think that the goverment have to protect them and their private life from the journalist , punishing them . i think that the government i responsible for the private life of the people . 
i think that the government have to protect them and their private life from the journalists , by punishing journalists . i think that the government is responsible for the private life of the people . 
all the people have the right to live free without to be disturbed by other . 
all people have the right to live freely , without being disturbed by other people . 
dear mr robertson , 
dear mr robertson , 
i am a student of the english class . all my class mates are looking forward to go to london . thank you so much for organising such a great program . 
i am a student in the english class . all my classmates are looking forward to going to london . thank you so much for organising such a great programme . 
i am writing you about changing our plan on tuesday 14 march . the students in my class have seen an advertisement for the london fashion and leisure show and we would all like to go to the show . 
i am writing to you about changing our plan on tuesday 14 march . the students in my class have seen an advertisement for the london fashion and leisure show and we would all like to go to the show . 
the advertisement saids it is taking place on tuesday 14 march from 10am to 7pm . 
the advertisement said it is taking place on tuesday 14 march from 10am to 7pm . 
since the london fashion and leisure show is not taken place so often and also they will offer the students for free entrance fee this time , if we joined in this show , it would be great opportunity for us . 
since the london fashion and leisure show does not take place so often and also they will offer the students for free entrance fee this time , if we attended attend this show , it would be a great opportunity for us . 
for these reasons , we would like to suggest you to go to the show instead of going shopping on tuesday afternoon . 
for these reasons , we would like to suggest you go to the show instead of going shopping on tuesday afternoon . 
i hope i will hear from you soon . 
i hope i will hear from you soon . 
i am sure that our travel is going to be great . 
i am sure that our trip is going to be great . 
thank you very much
thank you very much
sincerely , 
sincerely , 
it was dangerous , but i knew i had to do it . 
it was dangerous , but i knew i had to do it . 
otherwise i had to keep walking untill the train start . 
otherwise i had to keep walking until the train started . 
have you stayed at a park during the night ? 
have you stayed in a park during the night ? 
when i did that , i was traveling around japan . it was the very last day of my trip and at that time i was in kyoto . 
when i did that , i was travelling around japan . it was the very last day of my trip and at that time i was in kyoto . 
although i intended to stay at youth hostel , i could not find any place to stay , and also it was too late to buy a train ticket to go back home . 
although i intended to stay at a youth hostel , i could not find any place to stay , and also it was too late to buy a train ticket to go back home . 
it was a windy spring day . 
it was a windy spring day . 
i was sitting under a full-bloomed cherry blossam tree . inside the dark , i was alone and only the moon light helped me to see the things . i was regretting i risked staying at the park alone . 
i was sitting under a full-bloomed cherry blossom tree . inside the dark , i was alone and only the moonlight helped me to see things . i was regretting having risked staying in the park alone . 
suddenly , strong wind blew up the thousands and thousands pieces of flowers . 
suddenly , a strong wind blew up thousands and thousands of petals . 
it was like a dream . 
it was like a dream . 
i saw the pink colored snow there . 
i saw the pink coloured snow there . 
sometimes when we risk a great danger , it turns into a great experience . 
sometimes when we risk a great danger , it turns into a great experience . 
dear mr robertson , 
dear mr robertson , 
i would like first , in the name of my whole class , to thank you for all you've done for us and for our trip to london . 
i would like first , on behalf of my whole class , to thank you for all you've done for us and for our trip to london . 
we've just been told about your programme and i must say that we all like it ! what i am most looking forward to , is the river trip to greenwich; but i would also really like to visit the science museum as well as the national gallery ! this will be very enriching for us ! you must wonder why i'm writing to you , them ! . . . well actually we've must received an advertisement for the london fashion and leisure show , and the vast majority of the class would like to go and see it . this will take place in the central exhibition hall on tuesday 14th march . we thought it would be a great experience for us since we quite don't have such opportunities in our everyday life ! moreover , the entrance is free for the students so that won't raise the cost for the trip . i thought we should visit the science museum on monday afternoon so that we could do the river trip on tuesday morning just before going to the fashion show ! anyway , we were to go shopping on tuesday afternoon so that won't be a problem to my mind ! 
we've just been told about your programme and i must say that we all like it ! what i am most looking forward to is the river trip to greenwich; but i would also really like to visit the science museum as well as the national gallery ! this will be very enriching for us ! you must wonder why i'm writing to you , then ! . . . well actually we've just received an advertisement for the london fashion and leisure show , and the vast majority of the class would like to go and see it . this will take place in the central exhibition hall on tuesday 14th march . we thought it would be a great experience for us since we quite don't have such opportunities in our everyday life ! moreover , admission is free for the students so that won't raise the cost of the trip . i thought we should visit the science museum on monday afternoon so that we could do the river trip on tuesday morning just before going to the fashion show ! anyway , we were going shopping on tuesday afternoon so that won't be a problem to my mind ! 
i hope you will take account of our request , 
i hope you will consider our request , 
yours faithfully , 
yours sincerely , 
it was dangerous but i knew i had to do it . george was about to be linched on account of his colour skin . someone had to react . . . i had to react ! . . . otherwise i would have felt responsible for his death , for the rest of my life . 
it was dangerous but i knew i had to do it . george was about to be lynched on account of his skin colour . someone had to react . . . i had to react ! . . . otherwise i would have felt responsible for his death , for the rest of my life . 
george was leaning on the floor , surrounded by his own lake of blood . he had just been beaten by a ground of white men . and yet , he was too weak to resist the rats , coming from everywhere and eating his face , his legs and his arms , waiting with great impatience for his death . 
george was lying on the floor , surrounded by his own lake of blood . he had just been beaten by a group of white men . and yet he was too weak to resist the rats coming from everywhere and eating his face , his legs and his arms , waiting with great impatience for his death . 
he had been chained and no way could he escape from his fate without some help ! the place where i was hidden was overlooking the house where he was kept prisonner . no one was garding him . they were all celebrating their victory with a gorgeous dinner around the fire place . i tiptoed as far as the house , carefully opened the door , and headed to george . at the very moment when he say me , his eyes began to shine and i could feel that he had recovered some hope . i delivered him and we were about to flee , taking back our dignity and freedom overwhelmed with join , when we saw a whiteman , targelting his gun at us , and about to shoot . . . 
he had been chained and no way could he escape from his fate without some help ! the place where i was hidden was overlooking the house where he was kept prisoner . no one was guarding him . they were all celebrating their victory with a gorgeous dinner around the fireplace . i tiptoed as far as the house , carefully opened the door , and headed to george . at the very moment when he saw me , his eyes began to shine and i could feel that he had recovered some hope . i rescued him and we were about to flee , taking back our dignity and freedom , overwhelmed with joy , when we saw a white man , targeting aiming his gun at us , and about to shoot . . . 
dear mr robertson , 
dear mr robertson , 
thank you for organising the school trip in london . i am really looking forward to participating in the programme , especially the visit to the national art gallery . however , i am writing to make a suggestion about the trip on behalf of all the students in my class . 
thank you for organising the school trip to london . i am really looking forward to participating in the programme , especially the visit to the national art gallery . however , i am writing to make a suggestion about the trip on behalf of all the students in my class . 
could i suggest that you consider changing the programme ? the london fashion and leisure show is going to take place on 14th march in the central exhibition hall in london . according to the advertisement i have seen , it is supposed to show the latest fashions , leisure and sports wear , make up and hairstyles . it is also free to enter for students . 
could i suggest that you consider changing the programme ? the london fashion and leisure show is going to take place on 14th march in the central exhibition hall in london . according to the advertisement i have seen , it is supposed to show the latest fashions , leisure- and sports-wear , make-up and hairstyles . it is also free to enter for students . 
it might be a good idea to fit this visit in in the afternoon on 14th march because i strongly believe that it would stimulate our interests in london so that we could study english with strongest motivation . even if we do not have enough time for shopping after the show , we will be able to go shopping at a free time on 15th march . 
it might be a good idea to fit this visit in in the afternoon on 14th march because i strongly believe that it would stimulate our interests in london so that we could study english with greatest greater motivation . even if we do not have enough time for shopping after the show , we will be able to go shopping during our free time on 15th march . 
i sincerely hope this letter will be of some help . i look forward to hearing from you . 
i sincerely hope this letter will be of some help . i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
i believe that famous people , such as politicians and film stars , deserve to have a private life without journalists following them all the time for some reasons . 
i believe that famous people , such as politicians and film stars , deserve to have a private life without journalists following them all the time for some reasons . 
first of all , they are the same as ordinary people even if they are treated as celebrity . therefore , they should deserve to lead a normal life as we do . 
first of all , they are the same as ordinary people even if they are treated as celebrities . therefore , they deserve to lead a normal life as we do . 
secondly , noone has the right to look at anyone's private life even if they are journalists . some people might say that we all have the right to know everything happening in the world as one of the human rights . however , i think that they mix them up and that they should think about the right of privacy . 
secondly , no one has the right to snoop into anyone's private life even if they are journalists . some people might say that we all have the right to know everything happening in the world as one of our human rights . however , i think that they mix them up and that they should think about the right to privacy . 
to sum up , famous people are the same as we are , and we all have the right to lead a private life and no right to break into their privacy . therefore , i strongly believe that famous people deserve to have a private life without journalists following them all the time . 
to sum up , famous people are the same as we are , and we all have the right to lead a private life and no right to intrude on their privacy . therefore , i strongly believe that famous people deserve to have a private life without journalists following them all the time . 
dear mr. robertson , 
dear mr. robertson , 
i am representing an english class , which is going on a three-day london tour . 
i am representing an english class , which is going on a three-day london tour . 
we would like to thank you for organising our programme . we really appreciate your attention . the programme you suggest is versatile and full of interesting activities . we are eager to attend national art gallery and science museum . 
we would like to thank you for organising our programme . we really appreciate your attention . the programme you suggest is versatile and full of interesting activities . we are eager to attend the national art gallery and science museum . 
but we would like to make our suggestion , if you don't mind . we have seen an advertisement for the london fashion and leisure show and would like to go to this exciting show . it will take place in the central exhibition hall on tuesday on the 14th of march from 10 a . m . to 19 p . m . 
but we would like to make a suggestion , if you don't mind . we have seen an advertisement for the london fashion and leisure show and would like to go to this exciting show . it will take place in the central exhibition hall on tuesday the 14th of march from 10 a . m . to 7 p . m . 
our students will have a great opportunity of seeing the latest fashion , as this unique show is held only once a year . what's more , new hairstyles and leisure and sports wear are presented there . and apart from it , this activity is free of charge . 
our students will have a great opportunity to see the latest fashions , as this unique show is held only once a year . what's more , new hairstyles and leisure and sports wear are presented there . and apart from that , this event is free of charge . 
we would be very grateful if you could change our programme for tuesday afternoon . we are thinking here particularly of the fact , that we can go to the show , instead of shopping . 
we would be very grateful if you could change our programme for tuesday afternoon . we are thinking here particularly of the fact that we can go to the show , instead of shopping . 
we sincerely hope that you will consider our suggestion . 
we sincerely hope that you will consider our suggestion . 
faithfully yours , 
sincerely yours , 
we tend to think that famous people , such as politicians and film stars are very happy and satisfied with their life . but such an attitude is wrong . it is quite obvious , that celebreties can't lead a normal life , as they are constantly followed by reporters , what makes their life miserable . 
we tend to think that famous people , such as politicians and film stars , are very happy and satisfied with their life . but such an attitude is wrong . it is quite obvious that celebrities can't lead a normal life , as they are constantly followed by reporters , which makes their life miserable . 
the first point i would like to make is that a private life of a celebrity is open to public . i am thinking here particularly of the fact that every event and action is wildely discussed in the mass-media . it is common knowledge , that such an attention inevitably tells on relationships in the family . 
the first point i would like to make is that the private life of a celebrity is open to the public . i am thinking here particularly of the fact that every event and action is widely discussed in the mass-media . it is common knowledge that such attention inevitably tells on relationships in the family . 
another aspect is that children of famous people suffer a lot from this attention . they can't communicate with ordinary children and attend ordinary schools . 
another aspect is that the children of famous people suffer a lot from this attention . they can't communicate with ordinary children or attend ordinary schools . 
and last , but not least is the fact that famous people can't express their emotions , show their real feelings to public . and it tells on their attitude to life and on their character . i would like to stress that very often famous people become reserved , bad-tempered and angry with the world for interfering into their lives . 
and last , but not least , is the fact that famous people can't express their emotions , showing their real feelings to the public . and it tells on their attitude to life and on their character . i would like to stress that very often famous people become reserved , bad-tempered and angry with the world for interfering in their lives . 
i would like to sum up by saying that every person , either famous or not , deserves to have a private life without being followed or disturbed . 
i would like to sum up by saying that every person , whether famous or not , deserves to have a private life without being followed or disturbed . 
dear mr robertson , 
dear mr robertson , 
first of all , i would like to say thank you to you mr robertson for planning to take us to spend three days in london . 
first of all , i would like to say thank you to you , mr robertson , for planning to take us to london for three days . 
your programme looks very interesting , especially the river trip to greenwich , which i always dreamt of . 
your programme looks very interesting , especially the river trip to greenwich , which i have always dreamt of . 
however , we have seen an advertisement on the english magazine for the london fashion and leisure show . it takes place at the central exhibition hall in london on tuesday march 14 at 10 . 00-19 . 00 . the show will have latest fashions from top fashion designers in the world . leisure show will have leisure and sports wear , new make up style and new hair style for next year . the best thing is that it is free because we are students . 
however , we have seen an advertisement in an english magazine for the london fashion and leisure show . it takes place at the central exhibition hall in london on tuesday march 14 at 10 . 00-19 . 00 . the show will have the latest fashions from the top fashion designers in the world . the leisure show will have leisure- and sports-wear , new make-up styles and new hairstyle hairstyles for next year . the best thing is that it is free because we are students . 
we would like to ask you whether we can change some programme . our suggestion is that we can go shopping on wednesday 15 march so on tuesday afternoon we can go to the london fashion and leisure show . we won't miss any programme that you have planned and we could also have great opportunity to see the show . 
we would like to ask you whether we can change some of the programme . our suggestion is that we can go shopping on wednesday 15 march so on tuesday afternoon we can go to the london fashion and leisure show . we won't miss any event that you have planned and we could also have a great opportunity to see the show . 
we're looking forward to hearing from you . 
we're looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours faithfully . 
yours sincerely . 
" famous people , such as politicians and film stars , deserve to have a private life without journalists following them all the time " . 
" famous people , such as politicians and film stars , deserve to have a private life without journalists following them all the time " . 
in my opinion , everybody wants to have a happy life in our own world , we want to do whatever we want , sometimes we do the right things and sometimes we do the wrong things . we are ordinary people , we work and come home to have activities with our family or go out together . 
in my opinion , everybody wants to have a happy life in our world . we want to do whatever we want . sometimes we do the right things and sometimes we do the wrong things . we are ordinary people . we work and go home to do activities with our family or go out together . 
the politicians and film stars also want to have a normal life after work . they want to have a private life without journalists following them all the time . although , their news on the front page of a magazine can catch the eyes of public so that people will never forget them . on the other hand , their story always make them embarras because most of the journalists create their own story base on the true story just to get attraction from people . 
politicians and film stars also want to have a normal life after work . they want to have a private life without journalists following them all the time . however , their news on the front page of a magazine can catch the eyes of the public so that people will never forget them . on the other hand , their stories always make them embarrassed because most of the journalists create their own story based on the true story just to get the attention of people people's attention . 
i think , if the journalist want to publish the politicians and film stars private life , they should have asked for permission . they deserve to have a private life as everybody . 
i think if the journalists want to publish the politicians' and film stars' private lives , they should ask for permission . they deserve to have a private life like everybody else . 
dear mr. robertson , 
dear mr. robertson , 
the trip that you planned for us , students , it's a great chance to meet new people and visit a beautiful city like london . your programme is excellent because it tries to offer to the students the best way to spend our time without wasting time in silly places or events . we'd like to thank you because the kind of happening shows how you are dedicated with our school and the students that study there . it's great to visit especially the science museum because of its expositions . 
the trip that you have planned for us students is a great chance to meet new people and visit a beautiful city . your programme is excellent because it tries to offer the students the best way to spend their time without wasting time with silly places or events . we'd like to thank you because this kind of event shows how dedicated you are to our school and the students that study there . it's especially great to visit the science museum , because of its exhibitions . 
but there's something that i'd like to ask . the london fashion and leisure show will start on tuesday . it's a great opportunity for us because there will be expositions of the latest fashions , of the new hairstyles , of the new leisure and sports clothes and people teaching how to make up . 
but there's something that i'd like to ask . the london fashion and leisure show will start on tuesday . it's a great opportunity for us because there will be exhibitions of the latest fashions , of the new hairstyles , and of the new leisure and sports clothes and people teaching how to apply make-up . 
our suggestion is that you could change the day of the leisure time to the shopping in the afternoon . by this way , the leisure time would be on tuesday and we would be able to go to the london fashion . thanks for the attention and we're waiting for your answer . 
our suggestion is that you could change the day of the leisure time to the shopping in the afternoon . in this way , the leisure time would be on tuesday and we would be able to go to the london fashion show . thanks for your attention and we're waiting for your answer . 
yours faithfully , 
yours sincerely , 
famous people x media
famous people &amp; the media
famous people are special for the rest of the society . they form opinions and invent new fashion styles . nowadays , the media is expanding its ways of communication so they need more information . the media is starting to get into the private life of these famous people . 
famous people are special in the eyes of the rest of society . they form opinions and invent new fashion styles . nowadays , the media is expanding its means of communication so they need more information . the media is starting to encroach into the private life of these famous people . 
it's important to respect other people lives because it can cause serious problems in the family of the person or in his life . if the famous person doesn't mind in being filmed in his personal life there's no problem . but if the politicians or the film stars ask for privacity the media has to respect . everybody likes to be with your family without any reporter or photographer . 
it's important to respect other people's lives because it can cause serious problems for the family of the person or in his life . if the famous person doesn't mind being filmed in his personal life there's no problem . but if the politicians or the film stars ask for privacy the media has to respect that . everybody likes to be with their family without any reporter or photographer hanging around . 
in summary , the best thing to do is try to extract from these people their best qualities and not try to find things that could irritate them like familiar problems or personal problems . the respect is essential . they deserve to have a private life like any common person . 
in summary , the best thing to do is try to extract from these people their best qualities and not try to find things that could irritate them like family problems or personal problems . respect is essential . they deserve to have a private life like any ordinary person . 
dear mr robertson
dear mr robertson
thank you for organising the trip to london . it is very fantastic especially the programme on 13th march that we are having a river trip to greenwich . the purpose that i am writing due to the fact that my class has seen an advertisement for the london fashion and leisure show . it is worth visiting exhibition and we would like to go there . 
thank you for organising the trip to london . it is really fantastic , especially the event on 13th march , when we are having a river trip to greenwich . the reason that i am writing is that my class has seen an advertisement for the london fashion and leisure show . it is worth visiting the exhibition and we would like to go there . 
the show is established on tuesday march 14th at central exhibition hall london from 10 . 00 to 19 . 00 . in the hall , there are four important themes; latest fashions , leisure and sports wear , make up , and hairstyles . this is great opportunity for the student to learn the changing in fashion and leisure and it is free . 
the show is established on tuesday march 14th at the central exhibition hall , london , from 10 . 00 to 19 . 00 . in the hall , there are four important themes; latest fashions , leisure and sports wear , make-up , and hairstyles . this is a great opportunity for the students to learn about the changes in fashion and leisure and it is free . 
i was wondering if you would consider our suggestion about changing the programme . we agreed all that the programme on monday march 13th is wonderful . however , we would like to change the plans on tuesday and wednesday in the morning . on tuesday morning , we will visit the london fashion and leisure show instead of visiting science museum and we will go there tomorrow morning . visiting national art gallery should be cancelled because it has a similar idea comparing to the programme that we would like to go on tuesday morning . 
i was wondering if you would consider our suggestion about changing the programme . we all agreed that the programme on monday march 13th is wonderful . however , we would like to change the plans on tuesday and wednesday in the morning . on tuesday morning , we will visit the london fashion and leisure show instead of visiting the science museum and we will go there the following morning . visit the visit to the national art gallery should be cancelled because it has a similar idea comparing to the programme that we would like to go on tuesday morning . 
that all i would like to recommend you . it would be greatful if you could consider our suggestion and please inform us about your decision as soon as possible . 
that is all i would like to recommend you do . i would be grateful if you could consider our suggestion and please inform us of your decision as soon as possible . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
the discussion about whether or not the famous people deserve to have a private life without journalists following them all the time is the controversial one . there are people from both side of agrument who have strong feelings . 
the discussion about whether or not famous people deserve to have a private life without journalists following them all the time is a controversial one . there are people from both sides of the argument who have strong feelings . 
there is evidence that these people's life should be advertised by the media . obviously , they have a lot of fans and their fans would like to know what happened to them . in addition , their life may be the good example for other people to follow . sometime , many people don't know what to do and they should the person who they admire to immitate . 
there is a reason why these people's lives should be focused on by the media . obviously , they have a lot of fans and their fans would like to know what happens to them . in addition , their lives may be a good example for other people to follow . sometimes , a lot of people don't know what to do and they should the person who they admire to imitate imitate the person who they admire . 
however , there is other disadvantages that we should consider . firstly , the famous people would like to do anything they want without being concentrated by media . i think it is annoying if you did something and tomorrow your performance would be known by the public . eventhough , the famous people can be the good example , they should be the bad habit for public . a lot of people try to be like people who they admire , for example , buying the clothes that famous people wear . the reason that they know what kind of clothes that famous people wear is these people have a public life . to prevent many people from copying too much we shouldn't inform all aspects of life of famous people . 
however , there are some disadvantages that we should consider . firstly , famous people would like to do anything they want to without being focused on by the media . i think it would be annoying if you did something and tomorrow your behaviour would be known by the public . even though , famous people can be a good example , they should be the bad habit for public . a lot of people try to be like people who they admire , for example , buying the clothes that famous people wear . the reason why they know what kind of clothes famous people wear is these people have a public life . to prevent a lot of people from copying too much we shouldn't inform them of all aspects of the life of famous people . 
i agree that the famous people life should be in private . it is the benefit for themselves and the public . 
i agree that famous people's lives should be private . it is of benefit to themselves and the public . 
dear mr robertson
dear mr robertson
i am writing , on the name of all my english class , to thank you for the opportunity you give us to spend three days in london , but also to suggest some modifications in the programme . 
i am writing , on behalf of all my english class , to thank you for the opportunity you are giving us to spend three days in london , but also to suggest some modifications to the programme . 
the programme you has already organised is very interesting , especially because it provides a good combination between cultural visits and more relaxed activities . 
the programme you have already organised is very interesting , especially because it provides a good combination of cultural visits and more relaxed activities . 
but , in another hand , we have seen an advertisement for the " london fashion and leisure show " , which includes a range of different stands . the only day we can attend to this show is the tuesday 14th march from 10 am to 7 pm in the central exhibition hall . 
but , on the other hand , we have seen an advertisement for the " london fashion and leisure show " , which includes a range of different stands . the only day we can attend this show is tuesday 14th march from 10 am to 7 pm in the central exhibition hall . 
we are really interested in visiting this unhabitual show and the main advantage is that the entry is free for students . 
we are really interested in visiting this unhabitual show and the main advantage is that entry is free for students . 
in conclusion , i suggest that we go directly after the science museum to the show . we all agree that we have enough time in wednesday for shopping . 
in conclusion , i suggest that we go directly to the show after the science museum . we all agree that we have enough time on wednesday for shopping . 
i hope that you will agree with this suggestion . i am waiting for your answer . 
i hope that you will agree to this suggestion . i am waiting for your answer . 
yours faithfully 
yours sincerely 
famous people , such as politicians and film stars , deserve to have a private life without journalists fellowing them all the time 
famous people , such as politicians and film stars , deserve to have a private life without journalists following them all the time . 
famous people have always been the center of interest for number of people . their wedding , their holiday , their new haircut and so on . but do we think enough about the right to have a private life ? 
famous people have always been the centre of interest for a number of people . their weddings , their holidays , their new haircuts and so on . but do we think enough about the right to have a private life ? 
we can watch this problem from two different points of view . from one side , this people chose to become public people . if we don't want to be in the newspapers , we don't do politics or movies ! but from the other , everybody has the right to have a secret garden , the right to be with his/her family without be disturbed by journalists and photographers . the case of the princess diana showed how this problem can reach such extremities . 
we can consider this problem from two different points of view . on the one hand , these people chose to become public figures . if we don't want to be in the newspapers , we don't go into politics or the movies ! but , on the other hand , everybody has the right to have a secret garden , the right to be with his/her family without being disturbed by journalists and photographers . the case of princess diana showed how this problem can reach extremes . 
in conclusion , i would say that both parts , famous people and journalists , have to respect some rules . as public people , stars and politicians have to accord some time to their public but fans and press people have to respect their private life and to stay polite and respectful . 
in conclusion , i would say that both parties , famous people and journalists , have to respect some rules . as public people , stars and politicians have to allot some time to their public but fans and press people have to respect their private life and to stay polite and respectful . 
dear mr. robertson , 
dear mr. robertson , 
i am writing you to thank for your program which will be for us in the next three days in london . especially , sightseeing by bus in the morning and river trip to greenwich in the afternoon are exciting activities . 
i am writing to you to thank you for your programme which will be for us in the next three days in london . in particular , sightseeing by bus in the morning and the river trip to greenwich in the afternoon are exciting activities . 
on your program of tuesday is very interesting . fortunately , there is the london fashion and leisure show which is held once a year . this show give us a lot of informations about current activities , fashion and what is happened here in london for example lastest fashions , leisure and sports wear , make up , hairstyles . 
your programme for tuesday is very interesting . fortunately , there is the london fashion and leisure show , which is held once a year . this show would give us a lot of information about current activities , fashion and what is happening here in london with , for example , the latest fashions , leisure and sports wear , make-up , and hairstyles . 
it is a great opportunity because we will be able to learn london culture . we can be part of this show and be up to date with style and fashion . 
it is a great opportunity because we will be able to learn about london culture . we can be part of this show and be up to date with style and fashion . 
the admission is free for students . the show starts at 10 . 00 and finishes at 19 . 00 so we can change our afternoon program to go to the show at central exhibition hall instead . 
the admission is free for students . the show starts at 10 . 00 and finishes at 19 . 00 so we can change our afternoon programme to allow us to go to the show at the central exhibition hall instead . 
if you agree , after science museum , we can have lunch at restaurant near the musuem , then we go directly from the restaurant to central exhibition hall . we will be on time for the second show at 13 . 30 p . m and we can enjoy the show until 19 . 00 p . m . 
if you agree , after the science museum , we can have lunch at a restaurant near the museum , then we can go directly from the restaurant to the central exhibition hall . we will be on time for the second show at 13 . 30 p . m and we can enjoy the show until 19 . 00 p . m . 
i'am looking forward to hearing your opinion on my suggestion . 
i am looking forward to hearing your opinion about my suggestion . 
your sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
the home of the future
the home of the future
" home " has so much meaning to the people . it doesn't mater who they are , where they are coming from , which color of their skin they have . 
" home " has so much meaning for people . it doesn't matter who they are , where they come from , what colour skin they have . 
home is institution that create human and make them as a person and a good member in their communities . 
home is an institution that creates humans and makes them people and good members of their communities . 
when i think of " the home of the future " . i want to have a home which is built with a new material . home made out of plastic also windows made out of plastic therefore we can have our home for a long time . the door it is broken , we can replace it rapidly and it is not expensive when it is plastic . 
when i think of " the home of the future " , i want to have a home which is built with a new material . if we had a home made out of plastic and also windows made out of plastic we could have our home for a long time . if the door is broken , we can replace it quickly and it is not expensive when it is plastic . 
we have more time to stay together at home , watching tv , playing games , etc . . . . because we can access to internet at home we can have all informations from internet . i think it is the best way of education and working when we can stay and learn or work from home . we have more time for the family who need mostly care and love . 
we have more time to stay together at home , watching tv , playing games , etc . . . . because we can access the internet at home . we can have all the information from the internet . i think it is the best means of education and working when we can stay and learn or work from home . we have more time for the family , who mostly need care and love . 
it will be a numer of developments in technology in the future , which can make our life easier to live but what should remain the same is feeling of being together and love . 
there will be a number of developments in technology in the future , which could make our life easier to live but what should remain the same is the feeling of being together and love . 
this 2 feelings can not be replaced by any technology but we can use them to make a better home of the future . 
these 2 feelings cannot be replaced by any technology but we can use them to make a better home in the future . 
dear mr. robertson
dear mr. robertson
first of all i would like to thank you for organizing this trip to london , and for taking care of the programme . it is a very good shedule , especially because you have considered different activities for us . 
first of all i would like to thank you for organizing this trip to london , and for taking care of the programme . it is a very good schedule , especially because you have considered different activities for us . 
however , we saw an advertisement , and we are keen on the idea of going to the london fashion and leisure show . it will take place on tuesday march 14th at the central exhibition hall , from 10 . 00 to 19 . 00 . 
however , we saw an advertisement , and we are keen on the idea of going to the london fashion and leisure show . it will take place on tuesday march 14th at the central exhibition hall , from 10 . 00 to 19 . 00 . 
personally , i think it can be a great opportunity because it is something we all want to attent to , and we are all fond of the latest fashion . we noticed that it is free for students so the price of the trip will not rise . 
personally , i think it could be a great opportunity because it is something we all want to attend , and we are all interested in the latest fashion . we noticed that it is free for students , so the price of the trip will not rise . 
we discussed about the programme , and because the show will take the whole day , we would not mind going to the science museum on wenesday instead of having free time all afternoon . 
we discussed the programme , and because the show will take the whole day , we would not mind going to the science museum on wednesday instead of having free time all afternoon . 
i am looking forward to having your answer . 
i am looking forward to having your answer . 
yours sincerelly 
yours sincerely 
it was dangerous , but i knew i had to do it . it was a new challenge , and not only for me , but for everyone there . nobody thought i was capable of doing it . 
it was dangerous , but i knew i had to do it . it was a new challenge , and not only for me , but for everyone there . nobody thought i was capable of doing it . 
i wasn't sure of what to do , and the pressure of everyone watching me , was driving me mad . 
i wasn't sure of what to do , and the pressure of everyone watching me was driving me mad . 
finally , i managed to move my right foot closer to the edge . i could listen the crowd shouting 'go , go ' . that was my only chance . . only few more seconds , otherwise my time would be over . 
finally , i managed to move my right foot closer to the edge . i could hear the crowd shouting 'go , go ' . that was my only chance . only a few more seconds , otherwise my turn would be over . 
i didn't even think of boking down . i was already paralysed , and that wouldn't help me at all . 
i didn't even think of looking down . i was already paralysed , and that wouldn't help me at all . 
then , by some 'strange power' my left foot was moving and i wanted to stop it , but it was too difficult . 
then , by some 'strange power' , my left foot was moving and i wanted to stop it , but it was too difficult . 
the clock was running . . tic , tac . . . and suddenly everything stopped . i felt an enourmous peace . somehow i managed to jump out of the airplane and i was flying ! 
the clock was running . . tick , tock . . . and suddenly everything stopped . i felt an enormous peace . somehow i managed to jump out of the airplane and i was flying ! 
those minutes , up in the air , feeling the wind in my face , were fantastic . . . . and then i was terrified when i couldn't open the parachute ! fortunatelly , i wasn't alone . 
those minutes up in the air , feeling the wind in my face , were fantastic . . . . and then i was terrified when i couldn't open the parachute ! fortunately , i wasn't alone . 
dear mr robertson
dear mr robertson
first of all i would like to thank you for the good programme you organised for our trip to london . especially the sightseeing by bus seems to be very interesting . 
first of all i would like to thank you for the good programme you have organised for our trip to london . in particular the sightseeing by bus the sightseeing by bus , in particular , seems to be very interesting . 
but we would like to suggest you something : there is a trendy event about the latest fashions , leisure and sports wear ; make up and hairstyles on the 14th of march . it is called , , the london fashion and leisure show . " this would be a great opportunity because we are all intrested in clothes , sports and fashion . i have almost forgotten to mention that it is free for students ! unfortunately we realised that on the 14th we will already visit the science museum . the show lasts nine hours , from 10 . 00-19 . 00 , the whole day ! our question now : could we go to this show ? we could maybe change tuesday's programme to wednesday . we all prefer the show , free time is not so important for us . 
but we would like to suggest something to you : there is a trendy event about the latest fashions , leisure and sports wear , make-up and hairstyles , on the 14th of march . it is called " the london fashion and leisure show . " this would be a great opportunity for us because we are all interested in clothes , sports and fashion . i almost forgot to mention that it is free for students ! unfortunately we noticed have noticed that on the 14th we are already visiting the science museum . the show lasts nine hours , from 10 . 00-19 . 00 , the whole day ! our question now is : could we go to this show ? we could maybe change tuesday's programme to wednesday . we would all prefer to go to the show ; free time is not so important for us . 
please think about this and give us an answer . thanks . 
please think about this and give us an answer . thanks . 
yours faithfully 
yours sincerely 
dear jack
dear jack
thanks a lot for your letter . i am fine but quite busy because i have my german exams . therefore i read agatha christie's , , best detective stories of agatha christie " . i can really recommend you this book , it is fabulous . it is also a suitable present for your cousin , i think . one story is about ten persons who stay together in a hotel on a lonely island . there is a storm and they can not leave . suddenly a murderer happens ! believe me , you would never guess who the killer is ! there is also hercule poirot , the famous detective and he finally solves the mistery . but i will not tell you more . you have to read it yourself . and if your cousin likes crime stories it is a perfect book ! 
thanks a lot for your letter . i am fine but quite busy because i have my german exams . therefore i read agatha christie's " best detective stories of agatha christie " . i can really recommend this book to you . it is fabulous . it is also a suitable present for your cousin , i think . one story is about ten people who stay together in a hotel on a lonely island . there is a storm and they cannot leave . suddenly a murder takes place ! believe me , you would never guess who the killer is ! there is also hercule poirot , the famous detective , and he finally solves the mystery . but i will not tell you any more . you have to read it yourself . and if your cousin likes crime stories it is a perfect book ! 
unfortunately it is quite expensive , 32 . but do not worry about the price because your cousin will love it ! 
unfortunately it is quite expensive , 32 . but do not worry about the price because your cousin will love it ! 
okay , i hope to have news from you very soon . have a good time . 
okay , i hope to have news from you very soon . have a good time . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
dear mr robertson , 
dear mr robertson , 
thank you for your effort , which you have made to organize this three days programm in london and i am sure that we will have a great time there especially in the national art gallery . 
thank you for the effort which you have made to organize this three-day programme in london and i am sure that we will have a great time there , especially in the national art gallery . 
nevertheless , the students in my class have some suggestions for you how to make it even more interesting . the thing is that we have seen an advertisment for the london fashion and leisure show . it will be held in central exhibition hall in london on tuesday , 14th of march , from 10 . 00 to 19 . 00 . naturally , all the students are interested in it because the latest fashions , leisure and sports wear , make up and hairstyles will be shown there . futhermore , students can enter free ! 
nevertheless , the students in my class have some suggestions for you concerning how to make it even more interesting . the thing is that we have seen an advertisement for the london fashion and leisure show . it will be held in the central exhibition hall in london on tuesday , 14th of march , from 10 . 00 to 19 . 00 . naturally , all the students are interested in it because the latest fashions , leisure and sports wear , make-up and hairstyles will be shown there . furthermore , students can enter free ! 
we are concerned that this is a great and the only opportunity for us to see this show , as it takes place only once a year and only in london . certainly , we do not refuse to take part in other activities in london . probably , you will agree just to put london fashion and leisure show instead of science museum and shopping on tuesday . 
we are concerned that this is a great and the unique opportunity for us to see this show , as it takes place only once a year and only in london . certainly , we do not refuse to take part in other activities in london . probably , you will agree to put the london fashion and leisure show instead of the science museum and shopping on tuesday . 
thank you for your attenlion and understanding . 
thank you for your attention and understanding . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
the home of the future
the home of the future
dear reader , 
dear reader , 
i have decided to describe my home of the future or , in other words , the place where people will live in 100 years . 
i have decided to describe my home of the future or , in other words , the place where people will live in 100 years . 
well , i suppose that almost everything in future house will be automatic and will obey to what people say . perhaps , there will be personal computers , which will control every thing , every item of furiture , light , temperature . moreover , they will be able to create a special climate for each room . but , on the other hand , people will still have to programm them , as they have to do nowadays . maybe children will not have to go to school , they just will stay in their rooms and study from computer , some kind of on-line education . all the rubbish , dust , dirty dishes , plates , caps will be washed and cleaned automaticly . it is possible that only one computer will do this all and it will have its own personality , voice , eyesight . . 
well , i suppose that almost everything in our future house will be automatic and will respond to what people say . perhaps , there will be personal computers which will control everything , every item of furniture , light , temperature . moreover , they will be able to create a special climate for each room . but , on the other hand , people will still have to programme them , as they have to do nowadays . maybe children will not have to go to school , they will just stay in their rooms and study on a computer , gaining some kind of on-line education . all the rubbish , dust , dirty dishes , plates , cups will be washed automatically . it is possible that only one computer will do all this and it will have its own personality , voice , eyesight . . 
this will be your home , another member of your family and your house or flat together . 
this will be your home , another member of your family and your house or flat as well . 
this is my opinion of the home of the future and i wish i could live in it . 
this is my vision of the home of the future and i wish i could live in it . 
dear mr robertson , 
dear mr robertson , 
first of all i would like to thank you the chance to do such a gorgeous trip . we are really looking forward to visiting the city and going to the museum and gallery . however , there is one point that we would like to change in the programme . 
first of all i would like to thank you for the chance to make such a gorgeous trip . we are really looking forward to visiting the city and going to the museum and the gallery . however , there is one point that we would like to change in the programme . 
we are interested in visiting " the london fashion and leisure show " during our travel . the show is very interesting because we could see the latest fashion , hairstyles and make up , and also leisure and sports wear . furthermore is totally free for students . 
we are interested in visiting " the london fashion and leisure show " during our trip . the show is very interesting because we could see the latest fashion , hairstyles and make-up , and also the leisure and sports wear . furthermore it is totally free for students . 
all this exhibiots are really important and exciting for us because , nowadays , fashion has a huge influence in our lifestyle and we would like to know more about it . 
all these exhibits are really important and exciting for us because , nowadays , fashion has a huge influence on our lifestyle and we would like to know more about it . 
we think that we could go there next 14th of march , in the eveninng , instead of going shopping . this one could be translate to 15th evening . it is also possible to go to the show in the morning but we are totally agree that we don't want to lose our visit to the science museum . 
we think that we could go there on the 14th of march , in the evening , instead of going shopping . this one could be move moved to the 15th in the evening . it is also possible to go to the show in the morning but we totally agree that we don't want to lose our visit to the science museum . 
we truly believe you will consider our change . please contact us if you have any question . 
we truly hope you will consider our change . please contact us if you have any question . 
yours faithfully 
yours sincerely , 
almost everyone relation famous people with photographers , articles , money , fans , . . . normally , one people's dream is to be famous and rich but without that stuff of being without privacy
almost everyone relate relates famous people with photographers , articles , money , fans . . . normally , one person's dream is to be rich and famous but without that stuff about being without privacy
nowadays , there is a lot of people that life only with the money they get in advertisments , reports about their last romance , . . . but not everyone does the same . on the one hand you find the ones that are well-known and never talk about their privacy . they use the publicity exclusive for their work . 
nowadays , there are a lot of people who live only on the money they get from advertisements , reports about their last romance . . . but not everyone does the same thing . on the one hand you find the ones that are well known and never talk about their private life . they use the publicity exclusively for their work . 
on the other hand , are the ones that are also respectabled but , appart from their relation with journalists because of their work , they really need to be constantly seek by photographers . i mean , they enjoin being the point of view or the center of everyone , even though it means to see their lifes . 
on the other hand , there are the ones that are also respectable but , apart from their relations with journalists because of their work , they really need to be constantly sought by photographers . i mean , they enjoy being the focus or the centre centre of attention for everyone , even though it means seeing their lives . 
communications move the world and famous people use them to improve their work , politicians for their campain and film stars to make famous their last movie . nevertheless , sometimes communications disturb their lifes in a wrong way . 
the media moves the world and famous people use it to improve their work , politicians for their campaign campaigns and film stars to make famous their latest movie their latest movie famous . nevertheless , sometimes the media disturbs their lives in a wrong way . 
dear mr robertson , 
dear mr robertson , 
at first , thank you for your programme . it is very various and interesting . we all enjoy it . but last week we have seen an advertisement for the london fashion and leisure show . this presentation will show the latest fashions and the leisure and sports wear . we would be very interesting in seeing the english fashion . at this show we could see different new make up and hairstyles . 
first , thank you for your programme . it is very varied and interesting . we all like it . but last week we saw an advertisement for the london fashion and leisure show . this presentation will show the latest fashions and leisure and sports wear . we would be very interested in seeing english fashion . at this show we could see different new make-up and hairstyles . 
the event is a great opportunity because it is on the 14th of march and it is free for students . for pratical informations , this show start at 10 . 00 and close at 19 . 00 . it will stay in the central exhibition hall in london . it is not too far and the openning hours fit us . 
the event is a great opportunity because it is on the 14th of march and it is free for students . for practical information , this show starts at 10 . 00 and closes at 19 . 00 . it will be in the central exhibition hall in london . it is not too far and the opening hours suit us . 
about the programme , we suggest to see the show on the tuesday morning and after to do shopping . as far as we are concerned we prefer seeing the science museum rather than the national art gallery . we also suggest to visit the science museum or wednesday morning and the afternoon , if some one of us is intersted , we could see the national art gallery . 
about the programme , we suggest seeing the show on the tuesday morning and afterwards to go going shopping . as far as we are concerned , we prefer to see the science museum rather than the national art gallery . we also suggest visiting the science museum on wednesday morning and in the afternoon , if some of us are interested , we could see the national art gallery . 
i hope you won't be too angry for this changing but we would all like to go to the show . 
i hope you won't be too angry about this change but we would all like to go to the show . 
waiting for your answer , receive our greetings . 
waiting for your answer , receive our greetings . 
for the class
on behalf of the class
general speaking , homes will change considerably . they will become less dark and more confortable than today . people's homes will build more economically by using natural energies like solar or wind energy . this improvments will be involved by the lack of petrol and unrecycling energies . 
generally speaking , homes will change considerably . they will become less dark and more comfortable than today . people's homes will be built more economically by using natural energy like solar or wind energy . these improvements will be involved by the lack of petrol and non-renewable energy . 
about the size of hous , i think that in cities houses will be more and more little because of the over population . we also will see very high buildings which contains a lot of narrow flats . 
about the size of house houses , i think that in cities houses will be more and more small because of overpopulation . we will also see very tall buildings which contain a lot of narrow flats . 
in opposite , in the suburb or in the land , more and more rich people will build big houses . homes like this will be build with the latest technologies and very luxurious . 
in contrast , in the suburbs or in the countryside , more and more rich people will build big houses . homes like this will be built with the latest technologies and will be very luxurious . 
but about differences between rich's and poor's homes will be the same in the futur . new technologies and facilities won't improve the relationship between people . i think that people will be as alone and julous as today . 
but about the differences between the homes of the rich and poor , they will be the same in the future . new technologies and facilities won't improve the relationship between people . i think that people will be as alone and jealous as today . 
mr. robertson:
dear mr. robertson:
first of all our class would like to give you our special thanks about the programme you gave us yesterday afternoon . 
first of all our class would like to give you our special thanks for the programme you gave us yesterday afternoon . 
after reading the hole organized programme , we all agreed about the sightseeing by bus around london wich will give us the knowledge about this fantastic city we all want to meet since time ago . 
after reading the whole organized programme , we all agreed about the sightseeing tour by bus around london , which will give us the knowledge of this fantastic city we have all wanted to have since a long time ago . 
the main purpose of our letter it's to explain about the london fashion and leisure show . we found the advertisment in a local newspaper article and have been thinking it could be such a good opportunity , because the show consists on these topics:
the main purpose of our letter is to explain about the london fashion and leisure show . we found the advertisement in a local newspaper and have been thinking it could be such a good opportunity , because the show consists of these topics:
. latest fashions
. latest fashions
. leisure and sports wear
. leisure and sports wear
. make up . hairstyles . 
. make-up . hairstyles . 
on the other hand , and the most important , it is free for students . 
on the other hand , and the most important , it is free for students . 
after being discussing , we want to suggest how we think the programme should be re-arranged . instead of going to the science museum , we could go to the london fashion and leisure show wich is opened on tuesday , march 14 from 10 am to 19 pm . after that we could continue our trip as it had been arranged previously . 
after discussing this , we want to suggest how we think the programme should be re-arranged . instead of going to the science museum , we could go to the london fashion and leisure show , which is open on tuesday , march 14 , from 10 am to 7 pm . after that we could continue our trip as it has been arranged already . 
yours sincirely 
yours sincerely 
best detective stories of agatha christie - agatha christie . 
the best detective stories of agatha christie - agatha christie . 
a good book should interest , amuse or teach the reader something . 
a good book should interest , amuse or teach the reader something . 
agatha christie always was my favourite writer . not only because she's famous or wrote lots of books , but she knows how to introduce caracthers or how to tell a good story us though decieving the readers . 
agatha christie has always been my favourite writer . not only because she's famous and wrote lots of books , but she knows how to introduce characters and how to tell a good story us though deceiving the readers . 
one of her most interesting and famous work is a novel called " the orient express " . it's a detective story , like all the stories written by her . in our words the story is settled on a train wich tooks a trip along the orient . on the train , all the passangers seem to be involved in a crime . 
one of her most interesting and famous works is a novel called " the orient express " . it's a detective story , like all the stories written by her . in other words the story is set on a train which takes a trip along the orient . on the train , all the passengers seem to be involved in a crime . 
this is such a fasinating story or it's the way agatha christie tells it . the mistery is kept until the last page of the book . i read it and i have really enjoyed it . it has been fabulous experience so if anybody would like to read a good detective story , try to read agatha christie's detective story and you wouldn't regret it at all . 
this is such a fascinating story and it's the way agatha christie tells it . the mystery is drawn out until the last page of the book . i read it and i have really enjoyed it . it has been a fabulous experience so if anybody would like to read a good detective story , try reading agatha christie's detective story and you won't regret it at all . 
dear mr robertson
dear mr robertson
i'm writing to you to complain about three days programme . 
i'm writing to you to complain about the three-day programme . 
thank you very much for your good programme , especially for visiting the national art gallery . all our class like to see the beautiful pictures which were drawn by brilliant artists and painters . 
thank you very much for your excellent programme , and especially for the visit to the national art gallery . all our class like to see the beautiful pictures which were drawn by brilliant artists and painters . 
we saw an advertisement for the london fashion and leisure show and our class would like to go to the show . it starts on tuesday march 14 and we can go there instead of visiting the science museum or go shopping . anyway we can go to the science museum on wednesday afternoon because we have a free time . 
we saw an advertisement for the london fashion and leisure show and our class would like to go to the show . it starts on tuesday march 14 and we can go there instead of visiting the science museum or going shopping . anyway we can go to the science museum on wednesday afternoon because we have some free time . 
so on this show there will be the latest fashions , leisure and sports wear , make up and even hair styles . all our class and me would like to see this show . 
so at this show there will be the latest fashions , leisure and sports wear , make-up and even hairstyles . all our class and i would like to see this show . 
you know what else ? we don't need to pay , it's for free because we are students . 
you know what else ? we don't need to pay . it's free because we are students . 
it's a great opportunity because in our fast developing world we have to look fashionable and this kind of show happens quite rare . 
it's a great opportunity because in our fast-developing world we have to look fashionable and this kind of show happens quite rarely . 
i think you'll agree that we have changed your programme . 
i think you'll agree that we have changed your programme . 
as i said we can go to the science museum on wednesday instead of having a free time . i'm looking forward of recieving a letter from you . thank you very much . 
as i said we can go to the science museum on wednesday instead of having some free time . i'm looking forward to receiving a letter from you . thank you very much . 
bye 
bye 
hello
hello
i'm going to write about " the home of the future " . 
i'm going to write about " the home of the future " . 
we can't say straight away how the people's homes will be different in the future but we can always imagine and create the unbelievable things about future life . 
we can't say for certain how people's homes will be different in the future but we can always imagine and create incredible things about life in the future . 
of course there will be differences between todays homes and the future ones . i think the houses will grow up on twenty floors up to the sky as more and more people will occupy it . 
of course there will be differences between today's homes and future ones . i think houses will grow from twenty floors up to the sky as more and more people will occupy them . 
i think more and more people will have at least one flat , doesn't matter if you are rich or not . the rooms will be designed in a future fashion like less furniture and everything is compact , even tv-set will be on the ciling . the rooms will be much bigger and wider than now , and you can have up to twenty rooms in your own flat , and even swiching on the light by saying only ; " light " . 
i think more and more people will have at least one flat ; it won't matter if you are rich or not . the rooms will be designed in a futuristic fashion , where there will be less furniture and everything will be compact . even tv-sets will be on the ceiling . the rooms will be much bigger and wider than now , and you will have up to twenty rooms in your own flat , and even be able switching to switch on the light by saying simply : " light " . 
if course if you have enough money to let your self live in such apartments , then you can afford it . 
if course if you have enough money to let yourself live in such an apartment , then you can afford it . 
now what's going to be the same . well as i said if you're poor , the government still give you the flat but very ugly one , probably with rats in it . the same problem will be with homeless people who doesn't have money at all , even to buy a food for themselves . they will have to stay on the streets as streets is their home . 
now what's going to be the same ? well as i said , if you're poor , the government will still give you a flat but a very ugly one , probably with rats in it . the same problem will be with homeless people who don't have money at all , even to buy food for themselves . they will have to stay on the streets as the streets are their home . 
i hope and i wish that the future will bring us a good moments of life where everybody will have home and a warm , friendly family relationships . 
i hope and i wish that the future will bring us good moments in life where everybody will have a home and warm , friendly family relationships . 
bye . 
bye . 
1st . march , 2000
1st . march , 2000
dear mr. robertson , 
dear mr. robertson , 
thank you for organising the programme about the trip to london . there are a lot of activities that all of my classmates are interested in and especially they are looking forward to sightseeing by bus and visiting national art gallery . however , i am writing to suggest a special activity while we are in london . 
thank you for organising the programme for the trip to london . there are a lot of activities that all of my classmates are interested in and they are especially looking forward to sightseeing by bus and visiting the national art gallery . however , i am writing to suggest a special activity while we are in london . 
the students in my class have just seen the advertisement for a show in today's edition of the times . there will be the london fashion and leisure show in central exhibition hall on the 14th of march . it starts 10:00 am and finishes 9:00 p . m . 
the students in my class have just seen the advertisement for a show in today's edition of the times . there will be the london fashion and leisure show in central exhibition hall on the 14th of march . it starts at 10:00 am and finishes at 9:00 p . m . 
all of my classmates would like to go there because it is a great chance to see the latest fashions , leisure and sports wear , make up and hairstyles . besides , students don't have to pay entrance fee because it is free for students . 
all of my classmates would like to go there because it is a great chance to see the latest fashions , leisure and sports wear , make-up and hairstyles . besides , students don't have to pay an entrance fee because it is free for students . 
the fashion show is only on the 14th of march , so i would be grateful if you could allow all of my classmates to go there after visiting science museum instead of going shopping . 
the fashion show is only on the 14th of march , so i would be grateful if you could allow all of my classmates to go there after visiting the science museum instead of going shopping . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
many people think that it is natural for famous people to be followed by journalists all the time because they are famous and everybody is curious about their life . however , in my opinion , famous people , such as politicians and film actors , deserve to have a private life . 
many people think that it is natural for famous people to be followed by journalists all the time because they are famous and everybody is curious about their life . however , in my opinion , famous people , such as politicians and film actors , deserve to have a private life . 
first of all , everybody has rights to keep their own private life , especially when they are in serious situations such as divorce and a family member's or the closest friend's death . it is too cruel for them to be monitored their feelings at that time . 
first of all , everybody has rights to keep their own life private , especially when they are in serious situations such as divorce or a family member's or closest friend's death . it is too cruel for them to have their feeling monitored at that time . 
another reason that i agree famous people deserve to have a private life is that if journalists followed them all the time , it would result in their death . for example , if diana , who was ex-wife of prince charles , hadn't been followed by paparachi when she was dating with a guy , there wouldn't have been a car accident which caused her death . 
another reason that i agree that famous people deserve to have a private life is that if journalists followed them all the time , it would result in their death . for example , if diana , who was the ex-wife of prince charles , hadn't been followed by paparazzi when she was dating a man , there wouldn't have been a car accident which caused her death . 
to sum up , nobody wants to be revealed their private life on public . therefore , even famous people need their own life apart from the media . 
to sum up , nobody wants their private life to be revealed in public . therefore , even famous people need their own life apart from the media . 
dear mr. robertson , 
dear mr. robertson , 
i was asked by my class to write to you . first of all , we want to thank you for having organised a very good programme for the three days trip to london . indeed , we are especially interested in the sightseeing by bus . the river trip to greenwich is also a marvellous idea ! moreover , we couldn't go there without visiting the science museum and the national art gallery . 
i was asked by my class to write to you . first of all , we want to thank you for having organised a very good programme for the three-day trip to london . indeed , we are especially interested in the sightseeing tour by bus . the river trip to greenwich is also a marvellous idea ! moreover , we couldn't go there without visiting the science museum and the national art gallery . 
however , could we make a suggestion ? having seen an advertisement for the london fashion and leisure show , at the central exhibition hall on tuesday 14th , we would particularly like to go and visit it . how wonderful it could be to see the latest fashions and leisure and sports wear in this city , so famous for it ! besides , as there are more girls than boys in the class , they would certainly enjoy attending on live make-up and hairstyles . lastly , it is free for students , which is fantastic ! 
however , could we make a suggestion ? having seen an advertisement for the london fashion and leisure show , at the central exhibition hall on tuesday 14th , we would particularly like to go and visit it . how wonderful it could be to see the latest fashions and leisure and sports wear in this city , so famous for that ! besides , as there are more girls than boys in the class , they would certainly enjoy attending on live make-up and hairstyles . lastly , it is free for students , which is fantastic ! 
so , instead of going shopping on tuesday afternoon , we might go to the show . we may go shopping on wednesday afternoon , as we should have had freetime . what do you think of this suggestion ? 
so , instead of going shopping on tuesday afternoon , we could go to the show . we could go shopping on wednesday afternoon , as we should have some free time . what do you think of this suggestion ? 
we are looking forward to receiving your reply . 
we are looking forward to receiving your reply . 
yours faithfully , 
yours sincerely , 
for famous people , having a private life is difficult , especially because we are all interested in their lives . 
for famous people , having a private life is difficult , especially because we are all interested in their lives . 
on the one hand , i think that some famous people are looking for the media attention . indeed , it can be useful for their career . the more they are in the media , the more they will be famous . according to me , some of them need to be appreciated by fans , they need to be loved and see themselves on television . however , some others only use the media to come back , because they cannot find a job anymore . they need to be famous again . besides , i consider that some stars sometimes call journalist to tell them where they will be , in order to have free advertisement . moreover , according to me , it is also a good way for them to earn money . famous people are so often asked to give interview that the outcome is that they want to be paid for it , either in the newspapers or on television . 
on the one hand , i think that some famous people are looking for media attention . indeed , it can be useful for their career . the more they are in the media , the more famous they will be . in my opinion , some of them need to be appreciated by fans , they need to be loved and see themselves on television . however , some others only use the media to come back , because they cannot find a job anymore . they need to be famous again . besides , i think that some stars sometimes call journalists to tell them where they will be , in order to have free publicity . moreover , in my opinion , it is also a good way for them to earn money . famous people are so often asked to give interviews , either in the newspapers or on television , that the outcome is that they want to be paid for it . 
on the other hand , for other famous people , being followed by journalists is the worst element of the fame . in my opinion , it must be so stressful to endure the pressure they have to be perfect all the time because they could be followed by a photograph . they cannot go to public places , unless they make-up themselves and they are ready to sign autographs . they would really like a normal life , either because it is their temper , a regarding to their children . nevertheless , they are never let alone , which is a shame . we have to respect them as human beings , what we often forget they are . 
on the other hand , for other famous people , being followed by journalists is the worst element of the fame . in my opinion , it must be so stressful to endure the pressure they are under to be perfect all the time because they could be followed by a photographer . they cannot go to public places , unless they make up disguise themselves and they are ready to sign autographs . they would really like a normal life , either because of their temper or out of regard for their children . nevertheless , they are never left alone , which is a shame . we have to respect them as human beings , which we often forget they are . 
dear mr robertson
dear mr robertson
i would like to congratulate you for the excellent programme that you have prepared . i think that is such a good programme especially because the places that we visit , like the science museum , are very interesting . 
i would like to congratulate you on the excellent programme that you have prepared . i think that it is such a good programme , especially because the places that we visit , like the science museum , are very interesting . 
however , the rest of the students and i have heard about the london fashion and leisure show that will be celebrated at the central exhibition hall in london where the latest fashions will be shown . there we will have the chance to be maked up or to try new hairstyles , too . and it has free-entrance for the students . we think it will be a great opportunity because it will take place while our visit to london , the 14th of march . we think that , if you don't have any problem , we could visit the science museum on wednesday after visiting the national art gallery so that we can go to the london fashion and leisure show . 
however , the rest of the students and i have heard about the london fashion and leisure show that will be celebrated at the central exhibition hall in london and where the latest fashions will be shown . there we will have the chance to be made up or to try new hairstyles , too . and it has free entrance for students . we think it will be a great opportunity because it will take place during our visit to london , on the 14th of march . we think that , if you don't have any problem , we could visit the science museum on wednesday after visiting the national art gallery so that we could go to the london fashion and leisure show . 
we are wating for your decision and we will accept it whatever it be . 
we are waiting for your decision and we will accept it whatever it may be . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
" the home of the future " 
" the home of the future " 
from any point of view , the home of the future will be very similar to the homes that we have today . i think that it will has a similar structure but it will include some new technological advantages like having all the house controlled by a computer so that , for example , we can turn on the lights of the bedroom just pressing a button while we are watching the tv sitting on the sofa . 
from my point of view in my opinion , the home of the future will be very similar to the homes that we have today . i think that it will have a similar structure but it will include some new technological advantages like having all the house controlled by a computer so that , for example , we can turn on the lights in the bedroom just by pressing a button while we are watching the tv sitting on the sofa . 
although many people think that the home of the future will be something like an ufo , in my opinion the changes won't be very important , they will probably consist on making the houseworks easier . the cleanest example is to compare a house from the beginings of the 20th century with our house both are very similar but now we have new technologies . in balance then , i think that the houses that we can see on films won't really exist . 
although many people think that the home of the future will be something like a ufo , in my opinion the changes won't be very great , they will probably consist of making the housework easier . the clearest example is to compare a house from the beginnings beginning of the 20th century with our houses . both are very similar but now we have new technologies . on balance then , i think that the houses that we see in films won't really exist . 
dear mr robertson , 
dear mr robertson , 
i am writing to you inconnection with your programme of spending three days in london . i would like to inform you about the london fashion and leisure show on tuesday 14th march at 10 . 00 - 19 . 00 . i would be greatful if you could arrange these shows in your programme . 
i am writing to you in connection with your programme for spending three days in london . i would like to inform you about the london fashion and leisure show on tuesday 14th march between 10 . 00 - 19 . 00 . i would be grateful if you could include this show in your programme . 
it is very thoughtful of you that you are taking all of us to london . this is great oppotunity for me to explore and experience london myself especially , the london fashion and leisure shows . most of the shows are about fashinable things for the students in my age . i think it is a good programme and suitable for all of us because there are many different kinds of the shows for instance latest fashions , leisure and sports wear , how to make up and how to have propiate hairstyles . 
it is very thoughtful of you to take all of us to london . this is a great opportunity for me to explore and experience london myself , especially the london fashion and leisure shows . most of the shows are about fashionable things for students my age . i think it is a good event and suitable for all of us because there are many different kinds of show , for instance latest fashions , leisure and sports wear , how to put on make-up and how to have appropriate hairstyles . 
in my opionion , i think you should organised this programme in the afternoon instead of going for shopping and move the shoping time in the afternoon on wednesday . 
in my opinion , i think you should organise have this event in the afternoon instead of going shopping and move the shopping slot to the afternoon on wednesday . 
i hope this information will help you to understand and put it in your programme . i trust you to pay immidiate attention to my suggestions . 
i hope this information will help you to understand and include it in your programme . i trust you to pay immediate attention to my suggestions . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerily , 
yours sincerely , 
it was dangerous , but i knew i had to do it . i closed my eyes , tooke a deep breath and jumed out of the tower . there were hundrend of thai students were waiting for doing this test . i was very afraid of the hieght and was very nervous . i was given the lists for doing the activities while i was going to the adventurous school schems at the solder camps in the north of thailand . there were many tasks that i had to complete for instance , clime up to the mountain , how to used some kind of guns , and how to survive when i got lost in the forest . the last task i had to do was jume out of the hight tower . the assistants were the real solder and they were very kind and helpful eventhough , they looked very strick and unkind . it was the hardest time for me to do thing like this because i lived in the city most of my life i had never known about how to survive in the forest and how difficult to work as solders . i eventaully managed to complete all tasks that i had given i was very proud of this . 
it was dangerous , but i knew i had to do it . i closed my eyes , took a deep breath and jumped out of the tower . there were hundred hundreds of thai students waiting to do to take this test . i was very afraid of the height and was very nervous . i was given the list of activities while i was taking part in the adventure school schemes at the soldier camps in the north of thailand . there were many tasks that i had to complete ; for instance , climb the mountain , learn how to use various kinds of gun , and how to survive if i got lost in a forest . the last task i had to do was jump out of the high tower . the assistants were the real soldier soldiers and they were very kind and helpful , even though they looked very strict and unkind . it was the hardest time for me because i lived in the city most of my life and i had never known how to survive in a forest and how difficult to work as soldiers . i eventually managed to complete all the tasks that i had been given and i was very proud of this . 
dear mr. robertson , 
dear mr. robertson , 
i , as a head member of the students who participate in this year's trip to london , would like to thank you for the excellence of the programme you have developed for us . 
i , as a head member of the students who participate in this year's trip to london , would like to thank you for the excellence of the programme you have planned for us . 
specially , i would have to name the great opportunity you offer to us with the visit to the national art gallery which is one of the most important art galleries all around the world . 
in particular , i would have to name the great opportunity you offer to us with the visit to the national art gallery which is one of the most important art galleries in the world . 
being london one of the most multicultural , multiracial cities , we cannot avoid the fact that is these days the london fashion and leisure show takes place in the central exhibition hall ( tuesday march 14th ) 10:00-19:00 . ) . 
london being one of the most multicultural , multiracial cities , we cannot avoid the fact that in these days the london fashion and leisure show takes place in the central exhibition hall ( tuesday march 14th ) 10:00-19:00 . ) . 
based on this i would like to suggest minor changes in the fabulous programme you have offered . these changes will not affect the contacts of the programme itself . 
based on this i would like to suggest minor changes to the fabulous programme you have offered . these changes will not affect the contents of the programme itself . 
the suggestion is to move the tuesday shopping to wednesday afternoon , which is free , and place there the visit to the london fashion and leisure show , that is , on tuesday afternoon . 
the suggestion is to move the tuesday shopping to wednesday afternoon , which is free , and place there the visit to the london fashion and leisure show , that is , on tuesday afternoon . 
i also would like to remark that this change does not increment the cost of the trip , because the london fashion and leisure show is free for students . 
i also would like to remark that this change does not increase the cost of the trip , because the london fashion and leisure show is free for students . 
i want to thank you sir for your time . 
i want to thank you , sir , for your time . 
best regards , 
best regards , 
the london trip group
the london trip group
" it was dangerous , but i knew i had to do it . " nowadays i remember those exciting days in which danger is knocking at your door every day . it was 20 years ago we were friends since 10 . in those days we decide to be friends forever and work for the nasa . 
" it was dangerous , but i knew i had to do it . " nowadays i remember those exciting days in which danger was knocking at your door every day . it was 20 years ago and we had been friends since we were 10 . in those days we decided to be friends forever and work for nasa . 
i remember it as if it were yesterday . we were both 18 , and we had the university access test already done . the problem was that both of us wanted to go to the same university , the nasa university in houston ( texas ) . of course we hadn't got enough points in the test to do it so . 
i remember it as if it were yesterday . we were both 18 , and we had the university access test already done . the problem was that both of us wanted to go to the same university , the nasa university in houston ( texas ) . of course we hadn't got enough points in the test to do it . 
so , that , we decide to access our school main database and change our test results . this way we could obtain seldom places at nasa university . 
so , we decide to access our school's main database and change our test results . this way we could obtain rare places at nasa university . 
the task was not easy , with 18 you don't know too much about cryptographic algoritms and databases but anyway we decided to do it there was nothing to lose . 
the task was not easy , at 18 you don't know too much about cryptographic algorithms and databases but anyway we decided to do it . there was nothing to lose . 
it took us two weeks to modify the results in a very complex operation in which we should take care of hiding all our fingerprints . 
it took us two weeks to modify the results in a very complex operation in which we should take care of hiding all our fingerprints . 
the operation was successful . both of us went to the nasa university and nowadays we work for the cia developing secure system and new encryptation algorithms . 
the operation was successful . both of us went to the nasa university and nowadays we work for the cia developing secure systems and new encryption algorithms . 
dear mr robertson , 
dear mr robertson , 
i am writing to confirm that we have received your programme for our class for the three days , during our stay in london , and would like to thank you . 
i am writing to confirm that we have received your programme for our class for the three days of our stay in london and would like to thank you . 
firstly , the whole class is very pleased with the programme , especially with the visit to the national art gallery . as we have been told , there are a lot of interesting paintings and ancient sculptures in which we all are keen to see it . 
firstly , the whole class is very pleased with the programme , especially with the visit to the national art gallery . we have been told there are a lot of interesting paintings and ancient sculptures there , which we are all keen to see . 
a couple of days ago , my classmates made the suggestion , that they would also like to see the london fashion and leisure show in london , central exhibition hall , which was advertised in a school magazine and there is free entry for students . the show includes the latest fashion wear , sports wear for spare time , make up and hairstyles . at the same time it would be a great opportunity for most of us because we are going to study " art and design " next year . 
a couple of days ago , my classmates made the suggestion that they would also like to see the london fashion and leisure show in london , at the central exhibition hall , which was advertised in a school magazine , and there is free entry for students . the show includes the latest fashions , sportswear for spare time , make-up and hairstyles . at the same time it would be a great opportunity for most of us because we are going to study " art and design " next year . 
we agreed in the class to visit this show on tuesday 14 march in the afternoon after lunch instead of shopping . do you think it is possible ? 
we agreed in the class that we would like to visit this show on tuesday 14 march in the afternoon after lunch instead of going shopping . do you think it is possible ? 
we would be grateful , if you could consider our suggestion and hope to hearing from you soon . 
we would be grateful if you could consider our suggestion and hope to hear from you soon . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
to be famous or not to be famous ? 
to be famous or not to be famous ? 
well , first of all , i think it's quite difficult to be a musician , film star or a politician without being followed by journalists all the time . in my opinion , most of these people are aware of the consequences like not to have a " private life " anymore . as soon as they are famous , they are surrounded by their fans and reporters in every place . i can imagine , how annoying it can be sometimes . just think that you'd like to go shopping , clubbing or to a restaurant with friends . there's really no way to be together just only with your friends or relatives without being disturbed by these paparazzis . 
well , first of all , i think it's quite difficult to be a musician , film star or a politician without being followed by journalists all the time . in my opinion , most of these people are aware of the consequences of fame , like not having a " private life " anymore . as soon as they are famous , they are surrounded by their fans and reporters in every place . i can imagine how annoying it can be sometimes . just imagine that you'd like to go shopping , clubbing or to a restaurant with friends . there's really no way to be together simply with your friends or relatives without being disturbed by the paparazzi . 
on the one hand i can understand how important it is for the journalists to take pictures for the newspaper or magazines they work for . it is the way how they earn money , of course . 
on the one hand i can understand how important it is for the journalists to take pictures for the newspaper or magazines they work for . it is the way they earn money , of course . 
but on the other hand i have to mention that they are going too far sometimes to take a picture . for example lady diana . do you think she would have been still alive if she and her boyfriend hadn't been followed by these nosy paparazzis ? well , this will be an open question to anyone . 
but on the other hand i have to mention that they go too far sometimes to get a picture . for example , lady diana . do you think she would still be alive if she and her boyfriend hadn't been followed by those nosy paparazzi ? well , this is an open question to anyone . 
dear mr. robertson , 
dear mr. robertson , 
i would like to say " thank you " for this london trip plan . we are really excited about it . especially the boat trip on river is a good idea because we all want to see greenwich . we also enjoy the idea of going to the national art gallery and sightseeing by bus . it seems it's going to be a great fun . 
i would like to say " thank you " for this plan for a trip to london . we are really excited about it , especially the boat trip on the river this . this is a good idea because we all want to see greenwich . we also like the idea of going to the national art gallery and sightseeing by bus . it seems it's going to be great fun . 
i do not know if it is possible to make any change in this plan but we saw an ad in " time out " magazine last week about a fashion show which we would like to see . the show's date is very convinient - march 14 - , and it is on central exhibition hall so i do not think it would be a problem to get there . 
i do not know if it is possible to make any changes to this plan but we saw an ad in " time out " magazine last week about a fashion show which we would like to see . the show's date is very convenient - march 14 - , and it is on in the central exhibition hall so i do not think it would be a problem to get there . 
as you know , we all come from different countries and we are keen on learning some other things about english culture besides the language itself . joining this fashion and leisure show , we will get the chance to see a lot of enjoyable and different things , such as new hair styles and make up ways , or what is fashion in london recently . 
as you know , we all come from different countries and we are keen to learn some other things about english culture besides the language itself . attending this fashion and leisure show , we will get the chance to see a lot of enjoyable and different things , such as new hair styles and make-up , or what are the fashions in london what the fashions in london are at the moment . 
briefly , we would be happy if we could see this show instead of the science museum . we can find another chance to go to the science museum in any other day , but this show is just for this tuesday . also , it's free for students . i hope , it wouldn't cause a trouble to change the programme . i look forward to hearing from you soon . 
briefly , we would be happy if we could see this show instead of the science museum . we can find another time to go to the science museum on any other day , but this show is just on this tuesday . also , it's free for students . i hope it won't cause a problem to change the programme . i look forward to hearing from you soon . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
although human is a social creature , all people need an area to be able to stay away from other people . this is essential to renew the energy which is necessary for daily life . also we all like to have some special things and people in our lives to help us to feel different from others . it can be a lover , a hobby or a habit . 
although humans are social creatures , all people need an area in which they can stay be apart from other people . this is essential to renew the energy which is necessary for daily life . also we all like to have some special things and people in our lives to help us to feel different from others . it can be a lover , a hobby or a habit . 
thinking about famous people , we generally tend to ignore this need . i believe this feeling sources from a strange though ; when somebody gets famous , whatever the job is they do , we think we have some kind of right over them . consequently we demand to know every single detail about them and their lives . press takes this demand as an order , and " but public wants to know " becomes a nightmare for famous people . 
thinking about famous people , we generally tend to ignore this need . i believe this feeling sources from a strange though ; when somebody gets famous , whatever the job is they do , we think we have some kind of right over them . consequently we demand to know every single detail about them and their lives . the press takes this demand as an order , and " but the public wants to know " becomes a nightmare for famous people . 
in fact , what is a need for ordinary people is a more important need for famous people . because they have to spend too much time in front of other people , they are even more sensitive about their privacy . i am quiet sure , even the ones , who have chosen their occupies just to be famous , don't like to be pictured when they believe they are alone . the situation much be much worse for the ones who have become famous without desiring this . 
in fact , what is a need for ordinary people is a more important need for famous people . because they have to spend so much time in front of other people , they are even more sensitive about their privacy . i am quite sure that even the ones who have chosen their occupations just to be famous , don't like to be photographed when they believe they are alone . the situation must be much worse for the ones who have become famous without desiring it . 
obviously , there is no point in saying " famous people have a right to their own live . " although this statement is absuletely true , it seems there is no way to stop public attention , so they will keep living with journalists . 
obviously , there is no point in saying " famous people have a right to their own life lives . " although this statement is absolutely true , it seems there is no way to stop public attention , so they will have to keep living with journalists . 
dear mr robertson , 
dear mr robertson , 
with reference to our trip in london , in name of all of us , english class in this college , we would like to thank you for your special atention in have organised a good programme to know interesting and cultural points in london . 
with reference to our trip to london , on behalf of all of us , the english class in this college , we would like to thank you for your special attention in organising a good programme to learn about the interesting and cultural places in london . 
we have been very excited about this and coincidentely we have found another option to add in our programme , certainly if your agree with . we have thought that the london fashion and leisure show would be a great opportunity to give us more information about the main transformation in nowdays in england about fashions , leisure , sports and style of life . 
we have been very excited about this and coincidentally we have found another option to add to our programme , certainly if you agree with it . we thought that the london fashion and leisure show would be a great opportunity to give us more information about the main transformations nowadays in england concerning fashion , leisure , sports and lifestyle . 
however your decision in changing a little bit our programme , we would suggest just on tuesday afternoon no doing shop , everything else could stay the same . we are really satisfied in sightseeing by bus , in go to the national gallery , but the whole class would like to go to the london fashion and will be free . 
however , it is your decision to change our programme a little bit . we would suggest just on tuesday afternoon not going shopping not going shopping on tuesday afternoon , and everything else could stay the same . we are really satisfied with the sightseeing by bus , and with going to the national gallery , but the whole class would like to go to the london fashion show and it will be free . 
we are looking forward to your answer . 
we are looking forward to your answer . 
yours sincerely . 
yours sincerely . 
i knew , i could die . 
i knew , i could die . 
it was dangerous , but i kew i had to do it . this sad and unlucky day was on friday 1998 , it wasn't 13th even it look liked , but it was my 25th birthday . everything was going so bad and i knew , i could die . 
it was dangerous , but i knew i had to do it . this sad and unlucky day was on friday 1998 , but it wasn't 13th even it look like it , but it was my 25th birthday . everything was going so badly and i knew , i could die . 
unfortunately , i've got a brother who likes to live in dangerous and poor way and i don't know how , but he could persuade me to go with him to get some drugs , in my 25th birthday . i was at home making me up before to go to a restaurant with my friends and , sudenlly , he rang the bell , he was so nervous with a gun in his hands and no longer i could speak he took me out with him . 
unfortunately , i've got a brother who likes to live in a dangerous and poor way and i don't know how , but he was able to persuade me to go with him to get some drugs , on my 25th birthday . i was at home making myself up putting my makeup on before going to a restaurant with my friends and , suddenly , he rang the bell . he was so tense with a gun in his hands and i could no longer speak . he took me out with him . 
i had tried to think in stopping him , but he was stronger than me and he had used all his power to scared me and he forced me to buy cocain using my cheques . i didn't want , i've never approve his deal with the drug , but i couldn't do it different . 
i had tried to think about stopping him , but he was stronger than me and he had used all his power to scare me and he forced me to buy cocaine using my cheques . i didn't want to , because i've never approved of his dealing drug drug dealing , but i couldn't do it differently . 
the dangerous man who we'd gone to buy drugs was upset with my brother and had decided to kill him , but i had killed him first . if i didn't do it , i knew i would die , my option was my life , but now i haven't any chance to live because i'm in the prison . 
the dangerous man who we'd gone to buy drugs off was upset with my brother and had decided to kill him , but i had killed him first . if i didn't do it , i knew i would die . my option was my life , but now i haven't a chance to live because i'm in prison . 
dear mr robertson , 
dear mr robertson , 
first of all , i am writing to thank you for organising school's trip to london . the programme seems to be really interesting , especially visiting the science museum . 
first of all , i am writing to thank you for organising the school's trip to london . the programme seems to be really interesting , especially visiting the science museum . 
however , the students in my class have seen an advertisement for the london fashion and leisure show , which is going to take place on 14th of march at central exhibition hall . visitors will be able to see the latest fashions , leisure and sports wear and also get some help with make up or hairstyle . 
however , the students in my class have seen an advertisement for the london fashion and leisure show , which is going to take place on the 14th of march at the central exhibition hall . visitors will be able to see the latest fashions , leisure and sports wear and also get some help with make-up or hairstyles . 
it would be great opportunity to see this show , because we are all very interested in fashion subject . what is more , admittion for students is free . 
it would be a great opportunity to see this show , because we are all very interested in the subject of fashion . what is more , admission for students is free . 
do you think that it would be possible to change the programme of our trip ? 
do you think that it would be possible to change the programme of our trip ? 
in our opinion we could join the show on tuesday , after visiting the science museum . it would not be a problem to go shopping on wednesday in our free time . 
in our opinion we could attend the show on tuesday , after visiting the science museum . it would not be a problem to go shopping on wednesday in our free time . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
your sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
famous people , such as politicians and film stars , deserve to have a private life without journalists following them all the time . 
famous people , such as politicians and film stars , deserve to have a private life without journalists following them all the time . 
in these days , when we can see picture of famous person almost on every first page of the newspaper , it's a quite common topic . 
these days , when we can see a picture of a famous person almost on every front page of the on the front page of almost every newspaper , it's quite a common topic . 
first of all , i think that famous people deserve to have private life . journalists should not follow them all the time , trying to make an interview or taking an 'interesting' picture . 
first of all , i think that famous people deserve to have a private life . journalists should not follow them all the time , trying to get an interview or take an 'interesting' picture . 
secondly , i can really understand how annoying or depressing it can be . i think that deep inside famous persons are just ordinary people and like for all of us having a private life is important for psychological condition . 
secondly , i can really understand how annoying or depressing it can be . i think that deep inside famous people are just ordinary people and like all of us , having a private life is important for their psychological condition . 
on the other hand , we could say that they decided to have such kind of life . maybe they need to pay the price for being rich and popular ? maybe sometimes they need to sacrifice their privacy ? 
on the other hand , we could say that they decided to have this kind of life . maybe they need to pay the price for being rich and popular ? maybe sometimes they need to sacrifice their privacy ? 
in conclusion , i think that it is very hard to find an answer to this question . however , everyone needs to have some part of his life being a secret . 
in conclusion , i think that it is very hard to find an answer to this question . however , everyone needs to keep some part of his life secret . 
dear mr robertson , 
dear mr robertson , 
i am writing to your about the trip in london . 
i am writing to you about the trip to london . 
thanks for your programme , we are all looking forwards especially for the monday 13 march because we will discover all the monument in london . 
thanks for your programme , we are all especially looking forward to monday 13 march because we will see all the monuments in london . 
however , we have got a suggestion: we saw an advertissement for " the london fashion and leisure show " which is going to be on tuesday march 14 from 10:00 to 19:00 . 
however , we have got a suggestion: we saw an advertisement for " the london fashion and leisure show " which is going to be on tuesday march 14 from 10:00 to 19:00 . 
for all of us , it sound like a great opportunity because we though that this event would makes us learn about the way of life in london , the english style . . . . 
for all of us , it sounds like a great opportunity because we thought that this event would make us learn teach us about the way of life in london and english style . . . . 
moreover , the big advantage is that it is a free show so you will not have to worry about the budget . 
moreover , the big advantage is that it is a free show so you will not have to worry about the budget . 
our request is to change the programme , either you can cancel all the tuesday and we can enjoy all the exhibition or if you cannot cancel the museum , we can go there right after because we will have full of time to shopping during our free time on wednesday . 
our request is to change the programme , either you can cancel all the tuesday and we can enjoy all the exhibition or if you cannot cancel the museum , we can go there right after because we will have plenty of time to go shopping during our free time on wednesday . 
hoping that you will think about it carefully because we are all very exciting . 
hoping that you will think about it carefully because we are all very excited . 
thanks in advance
thanks in advance
yours faithfully 
yours faithfully sincerely 
since always , medias has been keen of famous people life and it's becoming worst and worst , you can find everything in " gossip " newspapers . does famous people deserve to keep their own life secret ? 
since always , medias has been keen of famous people life and it's becoming worse and worse , you can find everything in " gossip " newspapers . do famous people deserve to keep their private life secret ? 
according to me , you can't deserve to have a private life when you're famous because when to start you career you know that medias will be hunting you everywhere and more famous you get worst it is going to be because that the life style people wants to know everything , for instance , about their favourite actor or about their president . . they saw them many time on t . v . or cinema , so people wonder about them . and famous people like it because if you're a star or whatever it's because you like to show yourself . 
in my opinion , you don't deserve to have a private life when you're famous because when you start your career you know that the media will be hunting you everywhere and the more famous you get the worse it is going to be because that is the lifestyle people want to know everything about , for instance , about their favourite actor or about their president . they saw them many times on t . v . or in the cinema . so people wonder about them . and famous people like it because if you're a star or whatever , it's because you like to show yourself . 
therefore , even if i agree sometimes medias are going too far and write really bad things . if you're famous you cannot have private life because all of this is a part of their job . 
therefore , even if i agree sometimes the medias media go too far and write really bad things , if you're famous you cannot have a private life because all of this is a part of your job . 
and if medias are too awful they have got law to protect themself . 
and if the medias media are too awful they have got the law to protect themselves . 
dear mr robertson , 
dear mr robertson , 
you may be surprised to receive a letter from us . all the students are happy that we will have othe oppurtinatey , to visit london for three days . this trip would gives us the change to see london and to improve the english language . we all agree to the daily programme during the three days . in the morning , we will have the change , to see some of the sightseeings of london by bus , for example the science museum or the national art gallery . 
you may be surprised to receive a letter from us . all the students are happy that we will have the opportunity to visit london for three days . this trip would give us the chance to see london and to improve our english . we all like the daily programme for the three days . in the morning , we will have the chance to see some of the sightseeing sights of london by bus , for example , the science museum or the national art gallery . 
in the afternoon , the river trip to greenwich would also be a fantastic experience for us . 
in the afternoon , the river trip to greenwich will also be a fantastic experience for us . 
the reason i write to you , is that we have seen an advertisement for the london fashion and leisure show , for a fiew days . it would be exciting , if we had the possibility , to go to the show . the show includes the latest fashions in the sports clothing and the most fashionable make up and hairstyles . we all think that the london fashion and leisure show will be a great opportunity for us . 
the reason i write to you is that we have seen an advertisement for the london fashion and leisure show , for a few days . it would be exciting if we had the opportunity to go to the show . the show includes the latest fashions in sports clothing and the most fashionable make-up and hairstyles . we all think that the london fashion and leisure show will be a great opportunity for us . 
the show is free for students and we can see the show instat of having free time wednesday in the afternoon . 
the show is free for students and we can see the show instead of having free time on wednesday in the afternoon . 
we all thank you for your help . 
we all thank you for your help . 
we send you our regards . 
we send you our regards . 
the student
the student
ourdays , with the help of the media famous people , like a politician or filmstars , plays an important rule in our community . 
nowadays , with the help of the media , famous people , like politicians or filmstars , play an important role in our community . 
it is also normally , that the journalists are after them . they want to get from them all the details of their life , especially from their private . who got married , who got divorsed or who had a remarkeable changing of his complexion , these are questions , who most journalists are interested in . 
it is also normally true that the journalists are after them . they want to get from them all the details of their life , especially regarding their private life . who got married , who got divorced or who has experienced a remarkable change in his complexion , these are questions that most journalists are interested in . 
but what life is it , when you even can't go to a restaurant being afraid of , the journalists , will be waiting outside for you ? it is sometimes a real fight who will take the first picture of a film star or a politician . famous people diserve also to have a private life . it is a right like everybody from us has . that fact should be respected by the journalists . is it normally when you are a star , that everybody wants to know all about you . we shoudn't forget , that for this reason the stars want to keep their private life away from the media ! 
but what kind of life is it when you can't even go to a restaurant because you are afraid of the journalists who will be waiting outside for you ? it is sometimes a real fight who will take the first picture of a film star or a politician . famous people deserve also also deserve to have a private life . it is a right that everybody among us has . that fact should be respected by the journalists . it is normal when you are a star that everybody wants to know all about you . we shouldn't forget that for this reason the stars want to keep their private life away from the media ! 
i think nobody have forgotten , where curiosity from the journalists end . for example the hunting about princess diana and his friend . i hope that they will punished for what they done ! 
i think nobody has forgotten where the curiosity of the journalists ends leads . for example , there was the hunting of princess diana and her friend . i hope that they will be punished for what they did ! 
dear mr robertson , 
dear mr robertson , 
i'm writting this letter giving some opinions about the three days that the class will spend in london . i see that you has already organised the programme . 
i'm writing this letter giving some opinions about the three days that the class will spend in london . i see that you have already organised the programme . 
however , the students in my class have seen an advertisement for " the london fashion and leisure show " and they would all like to go to the show . so i'm writting this letter , asking , if you can change the programme . 
however , the students in my class have seen an advertisement for " the london fashion and leisure show " and they would all like to go to the show . so i'm writing this letter , asking if you can change the programme . 
the london fashion and leisure show is a special event that is realized once a year , there are the latest fashions , leisure and sports wear , make up and hair styles , all things that a young people wants to see . there is a great opportunity to go there because the students need not pay anyting . 
the london fashion and leisure show is a special event that is organized once a year . there are the latest fashions , leisure and sports wear , make-up and hairstyles - all things that young people want to see . there is a great opportunity to go there because students need not pay anything . 
i'm suggesting how programme could be changed . the fashion starts at 10:00 am and ends at 19:00 p . m . and will be realized on 14 march , so we can change the shopping with this event that is realized in the afternoon , and put the shopping at night . there will be a great success ! 
i'm suggesting how the programme could be changed . the fashion show starts at 10:00 am and ends at 19:00 p . m . and will be held on 14 march , so we can change the shopping with this event , which is held in the afternoon , and do the shopping at night . it will be a great success ! 
your sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
x teacher . 
x teacher . 
the dangerous mission . 
the dangerous mission . 
" it was dangerous , but i knew i had to do it " . . . 
" it was dangerous , but i knew i had to do it " . . . 
that was my situation at the moment . 
that was my situation at the time . 
the story had began two days before . . . 
the story had begun two days before . . . 
" the honorable men's group " , dick , nick and i , has formed this group . our mission was , stealing the women's panties , i think that it was very stupid , but it was the most difficult thing that the humanity can do . it prove our bravura to be a man . our first chalenge was stealing dick's girlfriend's pantie , but it failed . and she broke up the relationship with dick and we had a conclusion that stealing panties from young girls was very difficult . so we tried to stole adult's panties . nick and dick could prove their bravure stealing from their mother's panties . i was the only one that couldn't stole any panties . so i decided to go to my grand mother's house and try to steal some panties . but she was a very angry woman . 
" the honorable men's group " - dick , nick and i have formed this group . our mission was to steal women's panties . i think that it was very stupid , but it is the most difficult thing that man can do . it proves our bravura to be a man . our first challenge was stealing dick's girlfriend's panties , but we failed . and she broke up the relationship with dick and we came to the conclusion that stealing panties from young girls was very difficult . so we tried to steal adults' panties . nick and dick could prove their bravery stealing their mother's panties . i was the only one that couldn't steal any panties . so i decided to go to my grandmother's house and try to steal some panties . but she was a very angry woman . 
" it was dangerous , but i knew i had to do it " , to prove my bravure to all . i had quickly , entered in my grandmother's room and started to get some panties . i was very nervous that i forgot my shoes . next day my grand mother come and she gave my shoes to my mother . 
" it was dangerous , but i knew i had to do it " , to prove my bravery to everyone . i had quickly entered my grandmother's room and started to get some panties . i was very nervous and i forgot my shoes . next day my grandmother came and she gave my shoes to my mother . 
that was the most dangerous mission of my life . 
that was the most dangerous mission of my life . 
dear mr. robertson , 
dear mr. robertson , 
i am a student of the fce class and i am writing to you in name of my class to thank you for the programme about the three days trip to london that you have prepared for us . 
i am a student in the fce class and i am writing to you on behalf of my class to thank you for the programme for the three-day trip to london that you have prepared for us . 
we have discussed the programme in our class and the students are very happy about that especially because we will have the possibility to visit the science museum and the national gallery . 
we have discussed the programme in our class and the students are very happy about that , especially because we will have the opportunity to visit the science museum and the national gallery . 
last week some students of our class have seen an advertisement for the london fashion and leisure show that will be on tuesday the 14th of march . 
last week some students in our class saw an advertisement for the london fashion and leisure show that will be on tuesday the 14th of march . 
we would like to go to this show . 
we would like to go to this show . 
there will be the latest fashions and leisure and sports wear . in addition we will have the possibility to see the newest make up and hairstyles . 
there will be the latest fashions and leisure and sports wear on show . in addition we will have the opportunity to see the newest make-up and hairstyles . 
we think that it will be a great opportunity for us to see this show because we are all interested in fashion . 
we think that it will be a great opportunity for us to see this show because we are all interested in fashion . 
for these reasons i am asking you if we can go there on tuesday's afternoon . 
for these reasons , i am asking you if we can go there on tuesday afternoon . 
you can give the possibility to the students too choose between go shopping or go to the show . the show will be at the central exhibition hall and it will be opened until 7 . pm . 
you can give the opportunity to the students to choose between going shopping or going to the show . the show will be at the central exhibition hall and it will be open until 7 . pm . 
it is even free for students ! ! 
it is even free for students ! ! 
i hope that this change will not cause to you too many problems . 
i hope that this change will not cause you too many problems . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
i agree with this statement . 
i agree with this statement . 
i think that famous people deserve to have a private life like all the normal people , without journalists following them all the time . 
i think that famous people deserve to have a private life like all the normal people , without journalists following them all the time . 
a famous person should have the chance to go on his own for a walk without having the annoying impression of being followed . 
a famous person should have the chance to go on his own for a walk without having the annoying impression of being followed . 
in my opinion the journalists should have more respect for the private life of the famous people . they should understand when it is too much , when they are going too far . 
in my opinion the journalists should have more respect for the private lives of famous people . they should understand when it is too much , when they are going too far . 
for instance , the tragic death of princess diana is an example of what a journalist must not do . in this occasion we can say that the journalists have , of course indirectly , caused her death . 
for instance , the tragic death of princess diana is an example of what a journalist must not do . in this instance we can say that the journalists have , of course indirectly , caused her death . 
on the other hand , the famous people have to understand that the people are interested in their lives . if one is famous it has to accept also the disadvantages of be famous . 
on the other hand , famous people have to understand that people are interested in their lives . if one is famous , one has to accept also the disadvantages of being famous . 
the famous people must enderstand that the journalists are doing their work . 
famous people must understand that the journalists are doing their job . 
in my view prince charles is a good example of how famous people have to deal with the media . when he goes skiing in switzerland he always stops for a while to talk with the journalists and to give the photographers the chance to take pictures . after this break he continues to ski without be annoyed for the rest of the holiday . 
in my view prince charles is a good example of how famous people have to deal with the media . when he goes skiing in switzerland he always stops for a while to talk with the journalists and to give the photographers the chance to take pictures . after this break he continues to ski without being annoyed for the rest of the holiday . 
in conclusion i think that there must be more compehension and respect between famous people and the media . 
in conclusion i think that there must be more comprehension understanding and respect between famous people and the media . 
dear mr robertson , 
dear mr robertson , 
i am writing to thank you for the well organised programme you have done . it will be a good opportunity for visiting london and its interesting places like the science museum . 
i am writing to thank you for the well-organised programme you have organised . it will be a good opportunity to visit london and interesting places like the science museum . 
in addition it is properly to mention you that all the students of my class are interested in going to the london fashion and leisure show , which is taking place on tuesday 14th in the central exhibition hall . 
in addition it is proper to mention that all the students in my class are interested in going to the london fashion and leisure show , which is taking place on tuesday 14th in the central exhibition hall . 
the london fashion and leisure show is an amaizing show because there are parades with the latest fashions , we could know some famous top models besides there are a variety of clothes either sport wear as elegant desings . not only we could see the latest trend in make-up but hairstyles performed by important coiffeurs . 
the london fashion and leisure show is an amazing show because there are parades with the latest fashions . we could see some famous top models . also there will be a variety of clothes either sports wear as elegant designs . also we could see the latest trend in make-up and hairstyles performed by important coiffeurs . 
with your agreement we could change the programme . maybe we could go on shopping on wednesday afternoon and on tuesday we could go to the show . 
with your agreement we could change the programme . maybe we could go shopping on wednesday afternoon and on tuesday we could go to the show . 
we would like to have reply to became making the arrangements . many thanks again . 
we would like to have a reply so we are able to become begin making the arrangements . many thanks again . 
yours faithfully , 
yours sincerely , 
it was dangerous , but i knew i had to do it . i have never imagined i had to face this situation . 
it was dangerous , but i knew i had to do it . i never imagined i would have to face this situation . 
i joined with an expedition team in order to explore the rocky mountains . we planned a programme . we arrived to the place in the morning and started to walk . 
i joined an expedition in order to explore the rocky mountains . we planned a route . we arrived at the place in the morning and started to walk . 
every thing was marvellous , i got on well with all the partners . the landscapes were the most beautiful that i had ever seen before . 
everything was marvellous . i got on well with all the partners . the landscape was the most beautiful that i had ever seen . 
the weather was delightful , except this afternoon when started to rain and we decide to stay during the night inside a hole in the wall of the mountain . 
the weather was delightful , except for this afternoon when it started to rain and we decided to stay the night inside a hole in the face of the mountain . 
i realised that my bag was outside and i went out to look for it , when a rain of stones covered the entrace of the hole . i was terrified , i knew that the only solution was to ask for helping . i walked alone a long distence until i found a telephone , i called the police and they ask for a rescue . 
i realised that my bag was outside and i went out to look for it , when a shower of stones covered the entrance of the hole . i was terrified , i knew that the only solution was to ask for help . i walked alone a long distance until i found a telephone . i called the police and they ask for a rescue . 
thanks to god everything finished in a good way . and my partners were successfully rescued . 
thank god , everything finished in a good way . and my companions were successfully rescued . 
dear mr robertson , 
dear mr robertson , 
i am writing to express my pleasure about the successful programme that you have prepared for our school , especially the excellent idea to visit the national art gallery . 
i am writing to express my pleasure about the successful programme that you have prepared for our school , especially the excellent idea to visit the national art gallery . 
in addition , i would like to inform you about an advertisement for the london fashion and leisure show , which my classmates and i have seen . we are really interested in latest fashions and new hairstyles , but also we are keen on knowing about leisure and sports clothes and especially girls enjoy seeing the different kinds of making up . 
in addition , i would like to inform you about an advertisement for the london fashion and leisure show , which my classmates and i have seen . we are really interested in the latest fashions and new hairstyles , and also we are keen on knowing about leisure and sports clothes and the girls especially enjoy seeing the different kinds of make-up . 
furthermore , we have been informed that students are allowed to see this exhibition without paying money . this event takes place in central exhibition hall in london , on tuesday on 14th of march . 
furthermore , we have been informed that students are allowed to visit this exhibition free . this event takes place in the central exhibition hall in london , on tuesday the 14th of march . 
i would be grateful if you would consider my suggestion . if you agree to visit this exhibition , we will spend our day there , thus we should cancel the shopping , but we will be able to purchase some presents next day , as you have not organised a specific plan . 
i would be grateful if you would consider my suggestion . if you agree to a visit to this exhibition , we will spend the day there , thus we should cancel the shopping , but we will be able to purchase some presents the next day , as you have not organised a specific plan . 
i look forward to your answer . 
i look forward to your answer . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
it was dangerous , but i knew i had to do it . i had to hit a human being and unfortunately , although i respect every form of life humans , animals and plants , i managed to hit a burglar . 
it was dangerous , but i knew i had to do it . i had to hit a human being and unfortunately , although i respect every form of life , humans , animals and plants , i managed to hit a burglar . 
three months ago , i cannot forget this day , my parents visited my aunt at hospital as she was ill . on this day i was really exhausted as i had been studying for 8 hours . i decided to stay at home and listen to music . i switched off the lights and i was sitting in bed . 
three months ago , i cannot forget this day , my parents visited my aunt in hospital as she was ill . on this day i was really exhausted as i had been studying for 8 hours . i decided to stay at home and listen to music . i switched off the lights and i was sitting in bed . 
while i was listening to my favourite cassette , i heard a strange noise . immediately i opened my door and . . . i could not believe my eyes ! a short man stood in front of me ! 
while i was listening to my favourite cassette , i heard a strange noise . immediately i opened my door and . . . i could not believe my eyes ! a short man was standing in front of me ! 
without any warning he pushed my arms . i shouted as i pained . i realised that he was very strong . but i was faster and more intelligent than him . i ran quickly and i managed to escape from him , i found one hidden wooden spoon and while he was passing in front of me i hit him . 
without any warning , he pushed my arms . i shouted as it hurt . i realised that he was very strong . but i was faster and more intelligent than him . i ran quickly and i managed to escape from him , i found a hidden wooden spoon and while he was passing in front of me i hit him . 
to my relief i managed to survive ! 
to my relief i managed to survive ! 
dear mr. robertson , 
dear mr. robertson , 
we would like to thank you for this london trip and your programme related to it . it is really good programme , especially visiting science museum and national art gallery would be great opportunity to learn about art and latest improvements in science . 
we would like to thank you for this london trip and your programme for it . it is a really good programme , and in particular visiting the science museum and the national art gallery would be a great opportunity to learn about art and the the latest advances in science . 
however , my classmates and i saw the advertisement with regarding the london fashion and leisure show , which is enclosed , and want to take this opportunity to visit it , if you allow us . 
however , my classmates and i saw the advertisement regarding the london fashion and leisure show , which is enclosed , and want to take this opportunity to visit it , if you allow us . 
it takes place in central exhibition hall on tuesday 14 march . it will be great opportunity because it is free for students and we will be able to see the latest fashions in leisure and sports wear , new hairstyles and make up industry . 
it takes place in the central exhibition hall on tuesday 14 march . it will be a great opportunity because it is free for students and we will be able to see the latest fashions in leisure and sports wear , new hairstyles and make-up . 
although according to your programme , we will be visiting science museum in the morning and shopping in the afternoon , we would like to make a suggestion which can help us to be able to stick to both . would it be possible to visit science museum and go shopping in our free time on wednesday in the afternoon , instead of it to go to the london fashion and leisure show , because it is between 10 . 00 and 19 . 00 hours . 
although according to your programme , we will be visiting the science museum in the morning and shopping in the afternoon , we would like to make a suggestion which can allow us to do both . would it be possible to visit the science museum and go shopping in our free time on wednesday in the afternoon , and instead of that to go to the london fashion and leisure show , because it is between 10 . 00 and 19 . 00 hours . 
thanking in advance , we very much hope that you will give your attention to our requirement . 
thanking you in advance , we very much hope that you will give your attention to our request . 
we look forward to hearing from you relating to this matter . 
we look forward to hearing from you regarding this matter . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
one of the most important subject of the media is to inform people bout famous people such as politicians , films stars or successful musicians . in order to fullfill their readers' requirements they always follow them . this kind of people are known as paparazzi . 
one of the most important subjects aims of the media is to inform people about famous people such as politicians , films stars or successful musicians . in order to fulfil their readers' requirements they constantly follow them . this kind of people are known as paparazzi . 
it is not important whether they are working for media foundation or not , they just try to find the best pose . after taking their pictures in the way that these famous people would not allow them , they sell the pictures and make a fortune without asking their permission . this is the most argueing point . do they have to ask for their permission or not . 
it is not important whether they are working for media foundation or not . they just try to find the best pose . after taking their pictures in the way that these famous people would not allow them , they sell the pictures and make a fortune without asking their permission . this is the most arguing arguable contentious point . do they have to ask for their permission or not ? 
however , if they would ask , obviously they can not take the kind of pictures , which show them naked or when they are having shower . may be they have to pay for this kind of pictures . 
however , if they asked , obviously they cannot could not take the kind of pictures which show them naked or when they are having a shower . maybe they would have to pay for these kinds of pictures . 
on the other hand , famous people have point , if they do not allow paparazzis to take their pictures . because , althoug they are famous they have also their private life . unless they do not want to share it , it must be acceptable for us . i think the best example would be lady diana . it was said that while they were trying escape from paparazzis they had that accident , which caused of their lives . this can not be the way in finding information for the readers . 
on the other hand , famous people have a point if they do not allow the paparazzi to take their pictures , because although they are famous they also have their private life . unless they do not want to share it , this must be accepted by for us we must accept this . i think the best example would be lady diana . it was said that while they were trying to escape from the paparazzi they had that accident they had that accident while they were trying to escape from the paparazzi , which ended their lives . this cannot should not be the way in finding information for the readers . 
dear mr. robertson , 
dear mr. robertson , 
thank you very much for your programme but we have another plan to go to the london fashion and leisure show which unluckily on the same day as the day we would visit the science museum so we would like you to change the plan a little . your programme is very good , especially that we can go to visit the science museum which i heard is very good but a visit to the london fashion and leisure show would be a good opportunity for us to see the lastest fashions , leisure and sports wear , make up and hair styles and it is free for students too . so we think we should change your programme by going to the science museum on wednesday afternoon and to do the shopping after the show . 
thank you very much for your programme , but we have another plan - to go to the london fashion and leisure show , which unfortunately is on the same day as the day we would visit the science museum . so we would like you to change the plan a little . your programme is very good , especially as we can go to visit the science museum , which i heard is very good , but a visit to the london fashion and leisure show would be a good opportunity for us to see the latest fashions , leisure and sports wear , make-up and hairstyles and it is free for students too . so we think we should change your programme by going to the science museum on wednesday afternoon and doing the shopping after the show . 
thank you very much and we look forward to hearing from you . 
thank you very much and we look forward to hearing from you . 
with great respect , 
with great respect , 
it was dangerous , but i knew i had to do it . i climed up the tree . my friend was looking at me from below . i went on climbing until i saw my friend's model aeroplane . if i hadn't borrowed it from him , i wouldn't have been here . no , it wasn't the time to regret , just get it and it would be all over . i stressed my arm , the branch i was standing on broke and i fell down on my leg . it was very hurt , my friend rushed to me than ran back to my house and called mom . i can't remember anything else until i woke up at a hospital , lying on a bed with my leg in plaster . the nurse sitting beside me said to me , 'your mother would like to have a word with you , ' then she went out . mom came in , looking very angry , i prayed for a short conversation . 
it was dangerous , but i knew i had to do it . i climbed up the tree . my friend was looking at me from below . i went on climbing until i saw my friend's model aeroplane . if i hadn't borrowed it from him , i wouldn't have been there . no , it wasn't the time to regret it , just get it and it would be all over . i stretched my arm , the branch i was standing on broke and i fell down on my leg . it was badly hurt . my friend rushed to me , then ran back to my house and called mum . i can't remember anything else until i woke up at a hospital , lying on a bed with my leg in plaster . the nurse sitting beside me said to me , 'your mother would like to have a word with you , ' then she went out . mum came in , looking very angry . i prayed for a short conversation . 
dear mr robertson
dear mr robertson
i am writing to request your permission for us to visit the london fashion and leisure show on 14th march . 
i am writing to request your permission for us to visit the london fashion and leisure show on 14th march . 
first of all , i would like to say thank to you for this good programme , especially the decision of going to visit in london . all of us is appreciated that we could have this opportunity . because most students have never been to london before , also we could visit some famous places which we wanted to go . 
first of all , i would like to say thank you for this good programme , especially for the decision to visit london . all of us appreciate this opportunity , because most students have never been to london before . also we can visit some famous places which we want to go to . 
however , we would be grateful if you would arrange a time to visit the show additionally . this show takes place at central exhibition hall on tuesday from 10:00 to 19:00 . in this show , not only can we see latest fashions , leisure and sports wear , make up and hairstyles , but we also can enter for free . moreover some students think that they would like to do fashion studies in future . if you would accept and wouldn't mind this idea , we would like to visit it instead of shopping in the afternoon on tuesday . 
however , we would be grateful if you would arrange a time to visit the show as well . this show takes place at the central exhibition hall on tuesday from 10:00 to 19:00 . at this show , not only can we see the latest fashions , leisure and sports wear , make-up and hairstyles , but we can also enter for free . moreover some students think that they would like to do fashion studies in future . if you accept and wouldn't mind this idea , we would like to visit it instead of shopping in the afternoon on tuesday . 
i look forward to hearing from you soon . 
i look forward to hearing from you soon . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
nowadays , quite a few famous people suffer their private life from disturbers such as journalists or reporters . i would like to think how media effect to famous people . 
nowadays , quite a few famous people suffer in their private life from disturbers such as journalists or reporters . i would like to discuss how the media affect famous people . 
few years ago , we had a terrible news of death of lady diana . she was always been aftering by media . she had no private life even though she wanted to be alone . finally , after chasing for long time , she was dead because of car accident . it must be a good example of media disaster . i understand she had a good reason to be chased by it . however she definetely deserve to have a private life as one of citizen . human right must be existed for all people . 
a few years ago , we had the terrible news of the death of lady diana . she was always being pursued by the media . she had no private life even though she wanted to be alone . finally , after being chased for a long time , she was killed in a car accident . it must be a good example of a media disaster . i understand she had a good reason to be chased by it . however , she definitely deserved to have a private life as a citizen . human rights must exist for all people . 
on the other hand , there are few famous people desire to be watched by media . if media stopped focusing the people , they would think as if they are put in a bin like rubbish . moreover , many people love to watch a gossip programme on tv or in a magazine . it is one of fun in our life . 
on the other hand , there are a few famous people who desire to be watched by the media . if the media stopped focusing on these people , they would think that they have been put in a bin like rubbish . moreover , many people love to watch a gossip programme on tv or in a magazine . it is one of fun in our life . 
on balance , 
on balance , 
dear mr robertson . 
dear mr robertson . 
thank you very much for taking us to london . 
thank you very much for taking us to london . 
this is a big opportunity to discover the capital . 
this is a big opportunity to discover the capital . 
thoug , a few of us would like to consider the " london fashion and leisure show " . 
though however , a few of us would like to consider the " london fashion and leisure show " . 
this is going to take place on tuesday march 14 at 10 . 00 to 19 . 00 . 
this is going to take place on tuesday march 14 from 10 . 00 to 19 . 00 . 
could you , if we may ask so , re-organise our visit to the museum and also to the shopping center . however , none of us wishes to miss all the attractions planned in forecast . 
could you , if we may ask , reorganise our visit to the museum and also to the shopping centre . however , none of us wishes to miss all the attractions planned in the schedule . 
perhaps , we could spend our free time at the museum before going to the shop center . 
perhaps we could spend our free time at the museum before going to the shopping centre . 
this is a very important stay over three days . every one hopes to enjoying himself and comes back with a lot of knowledge . 
this is a very important stay over three days . every one hopes to enjoy himself and come back with a lot of knowledge . 
i thank you very much for hearing my request . i apologise for any inconvenience it could make . i am certain you would think over about that particular visit to " the london fashion and leisure show " . on behalf of all the students . 
i thank you very much for hearing my request . i apologise for any inconvenience it may cause . i am certain you would think over about that particular visit to " the london fashion and leisure show " . on behalf of all the students , 
yours truly . 
yours truly , 
what do famous people wish ? 
what do famous people want ? 
do they want to be famous and ignored ? 
do they want to be famous and ignored ? 
or do they want to be persecuted buy the media ? 
or do they want to be persecuted by the media ? 
there are plenty of good things about being famous . 
there are plenty of good things about being famous . 
you do not have a precarious life . 
you do not have a precarious life . 
you are rich and be-loved . 
you are rich and beloved loved . 
of course , it does not mean you deserve to be persecuted all the time . 
of course , it does not mean you deserve to be persecuted all the time . 
perhaps we could call it the " rough of the smooth " . 
perhaps we could call it the " rough of the smooth " . 
however , to have his photos taken and showed on television and newspapers increases your popularity . 
however , to have your photo taken and shown on television and in the newspapers increases your popularity . 
it is the way you may consider magnificent wages as it should fit your fame . 
it is the way you may consider magnificent wages as it should fit your fame . 
i might also miss the point . 
i might also be missing the point . 
you might be a princess , a politician or a footballer ; but are not doing it for any fame . you were born with the talent , sometime with the title . 
you might be a princess , a politician or a footballer but are not doing it for any fame . you were born with the talent sometimes or with the title . 
you never wished to be famous that much . 
you never wished to be famous so so famous . 
whateaver you do , the journalist should not follow you every second . 
whatever you do , journalists should not follow you every second . 
every one deserves to be given the right of a private life . 
everyone deserves to be given the right to a private life . 
wawsaw , 12th december 2000
wawsaw , 12th december 2000
dear mr robertson , 
dear mr robertson , 
first of all , we would like to thank you very much for organising such a wonderfull trip with an interesting program . we are all extremely excited especially because of the trip to greenwich , the town we were always interested in . 
first of all , we would like to thank you very much for organising such a wonderful trip with an interesting programme . we are all extremely excited , especially because of the trip to greenwich , the town we have always been interested in . 
however , there are may other interesting places and exhibitions to see in london . for example , in the time of our visit there is going to be " the london fashion and leisure show " . it is a coinsidence which we would be extremely happy to take advantage on . this is a great opportunity for us to see the latest fashions and famous fashion models who we would like to have authograps from . 
however , there are many other interesting places and exhibitions to see in london . for example , at the time of our visit there is going to be " the london fashion and leisure show " . it is a coincidence which we would be extremely happy to take advantage of . this is a great opportunity for us to see the latest fashions and famous fashion models who we would like to have autographs from . 
we hope changing the excursion program a little will not cause any problems . our suggestion is to visit science museum on wednesday afternoon instead of tuesday . because the fashion show lasts a whole day long . we are ready to give up our shopping and free time . the show starts on 14th march at 10 . 00 and ends at 19 . 00 the same day . we are sorry for any inconvenience caused by our request . 
we hope changing the excursion programme a little will not cause any problems . our suggestion is to visit the science museum on wednesday afternoon instead of tuesday because the fashion show lasts a whole day . we are ready to give up our shopping and free time . the show starts on 14th march at 10 . 00 and ends at 19 . 00 the same day . we are sorry for any inconvenience caused by our request . 
yours faithfully 
yours sincerely 
famous people are living creatures . they breathe , eat , feel and beside that they are famous they are just the same as anyone else . 
famous people are living creatures . they breathe , eat , feel and aside from the fact that they are famous they are just the same as anyone else . 
nobody likes to be observed constantly or touched by strangers and pointed out in the streets with no right even or just a little privacy . i personally think the best would be to put the celebrities in cages and let people touch them , point and ask for authopraps . like in the zoo . the biggest commercial gain in history i believe , but celebrities are not animals although they may be sometimes treated the same way . 
nobody likes to be observed constantly or touched by strangers and pointed out in the streets with no right even to just a little privacy . i personally think the best would be to put the celebrities in cages and let people touch them , point and ask for autographs , like in the zoo . the biggest commercial gain in history , i believe , but celebrities are not animals although they may be sometimes treated the same way . 
on the other hand , they must have done something to become famous . it may in many cases , not be true but we can suspect that most of them wanted to become a celebrity and they had to know there is no private life unseparately contected to it . 
on the other hand , they must have done something to become famous . it may , in many cases , not be true but we can suspect that most of them wanted to become a celebrity and they had to know there is no private life unseparately connected to it . 
to sum up , i believe that everyone has the right to keep privacy of their own homes and even someone extremely famous deserve to have a private life . unfortunately as long as their private life is interesting for ordinary people and it brings commercial gain to publishers , journalists and photographers , famous people will just have to get use to this living " under a microscope " . 
to sum up , i believe that everyone has the right to keep the privacy of their own homes and even someone extremely famous deserves to have a private life . unfortunately as long as their private life is interesting for ordinary people and it brings commercial gain to publishers , journalists and photographers , famous people will just have to get used to this living " under a microscope " . 
it was dangerous , but i knew i had to do it 
it was dangerous , but i knew i had to do it . 
i knew , i would not come this world again , everyone has only one change to do whatever they want
i knew i would not come to this world again , everyone has only one chance to do whatever they want
i come from very ruler family . you had never made on your own decision , you always had to ask your family's opinion . 
i come from a very strict family . you never made on your a own decision a decision on your own , you always had to ask your family's opinion . 
i had always wanted to be a theatre actress . i was saving my pocket money to go to the theatre age 15 . during the this years i had met with zuhal olcoy . i had seen her every morning while i was going to school . despite of going to school by bus easier than riding bycyle i had prefered to going to school by bycyle to by bus . in that way i had been able to see her every morning . the more seeing her i could , the more ambitious i became . at last i met wit her . she had invited me her play to the theatre . when i went to her play to see , i realy would love to be a actress . she was the only person who encourage me to be a actress . 
i had always wanted to be a theatre actress . i saved my pocket money to go to the theatre age of 15 . during those years i had met zuhal olcoy . i had seen her every morning when i was going to school . despite the fact that going to school by bus was easier than going by bicycle , i had preferred going to school by bicycle to going by bus . in that way i was able to see her every morning . the more saw her i i saw her , the more determined i became . at last i met with her . she invited me to her play at the theatre . when i went to see her play , i really would love to be an actress . she was the only person who encouraged me to be an actress . 
i had had a exam for being theatre players without saying my family . otherwise my father could kill me and not let me to go to school . i would never ever go to school again . despite of the preparing the exams , i had been continue to my school regularly . 
i had took an exam for people who want to be theatre actors without telling my family . otherwise my father would have killed me and not let me go to school . i would never ever go to school again . despite preparing for the exams , i continued to go to my school regularly . 
now i am a theatre actress . it was my dream i wish my dady 
now i am a theatre actress . it was my dream . i wish my daddy 
dear mr robertson , 
dear mr robertson , 
i'm writing you because i had been asked to make a little suggestion about the programme your have organised to our english class travel . 
i'm writing to you because i have been asked to make a little suggestion about the programme you have organised for our english class trip . 
first of all , thank you for the programme , we think it is very good , especially the river trip to greenwich , we believe we will enjoy a lot going to greenwich . moreover , in our opinion , this travel is going to be very interesting for us . 
first of all , thank you for the programme , we think it is very good , especially the river trip to greenwich , we believe we will enjoy it a lot going to greenwich . moreover , in our opinion , this trip is going to be very interesting for us . 
on the other hand , we have seen an advertisement for the london fashion and leisure show and we would all like to go the show . we think it is a good opportunity because london fashion is the most important over the world , and we all learn a lot about london style going to this show . 
on the other hand , we have seen an advertisement for the london fashion and leisure show and we would all like to go the show . we think it is a good opportunity because london fashion is the most important in the world , and we all will learn a lot about london style going to this show . 
we think we could change shooping for going to the show . the show is free , and it is only on tuesday 14th of march . it is open from 10 . 00 until 19 . 00 , and we could go there on the afternoon . 
we think we could change the shopping to go to the show . the show is free , and it is only on tuesday 14th of march . it is open from 10 . 00 until 19 . 00 , and we could go there in the afternoon . 
thank you for your attention . 
thank you for your attention . 
we are looking forward to your answer , 
we are looking forward to your answer , 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
thinking about the media's treatment of famous people , i've realised of some things . 
thinking about the media's treatment of famous people , i've realised some things . 
on my point of view the media's treatment of famous people is very bad . the media's are looking forward to create great expectations about famous people . they are not trying to give information , they are only looking to get money , and to entertain the public . 
in my view the media's treatment of famous people is very bad . the media are looking forward to creating great expectations about famous people . they are not trying to give information , they are only looking to get money , and to entertain the public . 
on the other hand , if the media's are acting in that way is because of the society . the society is who increases the audience of the media , if nobody gave attention to the famous people private lifes , this treatment would finish . 
on the other hand , if the media are acting in that way it is because of society . society it is it is society that increases the audience of the media , if nobody paid attention to the famous people's private lives , this treatment would finish . 
but in my opinion , before you get famous you know which are the consequences . as in another you may know what could happen . 
but in my opinion , before you get famous you know what are the consequences . as in another you may know what could happen . 
to sum up , there is no job perfect , and be famous involves a lof money , but also a lot of jouralists following your private life . 
to sum up , there is no perfect job , and being famous involves a lot of money , but also a lot of journalists following your private life . 
dear mr robertson , 
dear mr robertson , 
i am writing you this letter to complain about you have organized us for our trip to london . 
i am writing you this letter to complain about what you have organized for us for our trip to london . 
first of all , i would like to thank you for your activity programme . i find it really good , specially because of the visit to the science museum and the national art gallery . 
first of all , i would like to thank you for your activity programme . i find it really good , especially because of the visit to the science museum and the national art gallery . 
but i would like you to know that on tuesday march 14th in london , there is a show , which is free for students , about the latest fashions , leisure and sports wear , make up and hairstyles called the london fashion and leisure show . 
but i would like you to know that on tuesday march 14th in london , there is a show , which is free for students , about the latest fashions , leisure and sportswear , make-up and hairstyles called the london fashion and leisure show . 
all the clan would enjoy going the show , because it is a great oportunity to see an exhibition as the latest fashions . we know that you have planned a very complete programme . but we would like to suggest you to move our visit to the science museum to wednesday afternoon , so that , we can go to the show on tuesday , which lasts from 10 am to 7 pm . 
all the group would enjoy going to the show , because it is a great opportunity to see an exhibition of the latest fashions . we know that you have planned a very complete programme but we would like to suggest you move our visit to the science museum to wednesday afternoon so that we can go to the show , which lasts from 10am to 7pm , on tuesday . 
thank you very much for considering our petition . 
thank you very much for considering our request . 
i look forward receiving your reply . 
i look forward receiving your reply . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
nowadays , in our society , there are some people who , because of their work or because of their success in life , has become popular , and by now is known by everybody . but , how does fame affect to their lifestyle ? 
nowadays , in our society , there are some people who , because of their work or because of their success in life , have become popular , and by now are known by everybody . but , how does fame affect their lifestyle ? 
politicians , musicians or film starts are controlled all the time , since they wake up in the morning until they go to bed in the evening , by journalists and photographers who follow them and observe all that they do . 
politicians , musicians or film stars are watched all the time , from when they wake up in the morning until they go to bed in the evening , by journalists and photographers who follow them and observe all that they do . 
it is certain that these people have fame , fortune and success , and that many of them are rich , very rich . they usually appear on tv , go to shows , sports competitions . . . but i'm sure that all these things can not give them back one of the most needed things: a private life . and believe me , there is no money in the world to pay that . 
it is certain that these people have fame , fortune and success , and that many of them are rich , very rich . they usually appear on tv , and go to shows and sports competitions . . . but i'm sure that all these things cannot give them back one of the most needed things: a private life . and believe me , there is no money in the world that to buy will buy that . 
but obviously , if these people are all the time in the newspaper , on tv and so on , is because , although we don't want to accept it , we love following their lifes . 
but obviously , if these people are all the time in the newspaper , on tv and so on , it is because , although we don't want to accept it , we love following their lives . 
so now , all we should have to ask ourselves is if their damaged lifestyles is in part our fault . 
so now , all we should have to ask ourselves is if their damaged lifestyle is in part our fault . 
to mr robertson , 
to mr robertson , 
firstly , i would like to thank you for the programme that you provided . it was very good programme , especially the river trip to greenwich , which i am sure the whole class would enjoy . 
firstly , i would like to thank you for the programme that you have provided . it is a very good programme , especially the river trip to greenwich , which i am sure the whole class will enjoy . 
however , our class has spotted an advertisement for the london fashion and leisure show and would all wish to attend . it will be held at the central exhibition hall in london on the 14th march . it will be from 10 . 00 till 7 . 00pm . the show will be about all the latest fashion , leisure and sports wear , make up and hairstyles . we would also not have to worry financially as it is free for students . 
however , our class has spotted an advertisement for the london fashion and leisure show and all wish to attend . it will be held at the central exhibition hall in london on the 14th march . it will be from 10 . 00 till 7 . 00pm . the show will be about all the latest fashions , leisure and sports wear , make-up and hairstyles . we would also not have to worry financially as it is free for students . 
this will be a great opportunity for us because we will be able to find out more about the people of london and their fashions and style we might also get a change to meet new people and interest with them . the whole class is also very excited about this fashion show and would really appreciate your giving them a change to go . 
this will be a great opportunity for us because we will be able to find out more about the people of london and their fashions and style . we might also get a chance to meet new people and interact with them . the whole class is also very excited about this fashion show and would really appreciate your giving them a chance to go . 
i have a few suggestion on how the programme could be changed to fit the london fashion and leisure show in . we could do as planned for monday and move going to the science museum from tuesday to wednesday afternoon . we would have to forgo the shopping as we might not have enough time and the exchange rate might be too high for us to do much shopping . we can however go and look around the shopping mall if we have time after the show . 
i have a few suggestions on how the programme could be changed to fit the london fashion and leisure show in . we could do as planned for monday and move going to the science museum from tuesday to wednesday afternoon . we would have to forgo the shopping as we might not have enough time and the exchange rate might be too high for us to do much shopping . we can , however , go and look around the shopping mall if we have time after the show . 
lastly , i would be very grateful if you could give us your permission to go to the show . i hope you would consider this matter . i look forward to hearing from you . 
lastly , i would be very grateful if you could give us your permission to go to the show . i hope you will consider this matter . i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
everyday , something changes and we become more modern companies use computers instead of books , dentist use modernized electrical item instead of just a plier , even homes are effected . from letters to emails , from gas stoves to electric stoves and microwaves , but we aren't just going to stop here are we ? no , in the future , the present will be the past and these things now new to use will be old , outdated and changed . 
every day , something changes and we become more modern . companies use computers instead of books , dentists use modernized electric tool tools instead of just a pair of pliers . even homes are affected . from letters to emails , from gas stoves to electric stoves and microwaves . but we aren't just going to stop here are we ? no , in the future , the present will be the past and those things now new to us will be old , outdated and changed . 
i see a very different home for us in the future . most things will be computerised . we might even be using voice identification and fingerprints instead of keys . we an on and off lights with touch pads and remote controllers . we might even be able to open the door without getting out from the living room . cameras will be something usual in every house instead of that little peephole in your door . 
i see a very different home for us in the future . most things will be computerised . we might even be using voice identification and fingerprints instead of keys . we can turn on and off lights with touch pads and remote controls . we might even be able to open the door without leaving the living room . cameras will be something usual in every house instead of that little peephole in your door . 
although all that may change our houses may be still the same . the rooms and size should remain as it was and the living rooms and all may still be decorated in the same style . we might still favour that old carpet and couch . the furniture should not change that much on the outside and the amount of rooms should not change too . 
although all that may happen our houses may be still the same . the rooms and sizes should remain as they were and the living rooms and everything may still be decorated in the same style . we might still like that old carpet and couch . the furniture should not change that much on the outside and the number of rooms should not change either . 
in the future , every child might have a laptop . and instead of going to school , why not let school come to you ? we will be learning at home using computers and disc . never have to leave the house or wake up so early . another way our home could be different in the future is probably the utilitles we are using . we might not need maids to do housework anymore as they can easily be replaced with a robot , a machine , or something other with the same purpose . 
in the future , every child might have a laptop . and instead of going to school , why not let school come to you ? we will be learning at home using computers and discs . they never have they will never have to leave the house or wake up so early . another way our home could be different in the future is probably the utilities we will be using . we might not need maids to do housework anymore as they can easily be replaced with a robot , a machine , or something else with the same purpose . 
our homes will still be the same in terms of the kitchen , it will still be filled with vegetables and meat . this is because people won't miss the great taste of food although it could be subsituted to a vitamin pill or two . 
our homes will still be the same in terms of the cuisine . it will still be filled with vegetables and meat . this is because people won't give up the great taste of food . although it could be substituted with a vitamin pill or two . 
lastly , i think that all this changes won't really be noticed as we change it daily and slowly instead abruptedly . people will be able to adjust and change with the times . 
lastly , i think that all these changes won't really be noticed as we change things daily and slowly instead of abruptly . people will be able to adjust and change with the times . 
dear mr robertson , 
dear mr robertson , 
i am writing to you first of all to thank you about the good programme that you give us about the trip in london , especially for planning to visit the science museum , which we believe is going to be very interesting . 
i am writing to you first of all to thank you for the excellent programme that you have given us for the trip to london , especially for planning a visit to the science museum , which we believe is going to be very interesting . 
however , we have seen an advertisement for the london fashion and leisure show and we would like to suggest to including this point in the programme . 
however , we have seen an advertisement for the london fashion and leisure show and we would like to suggest including this event in the programme . 
the show is going to be on tuesday the 14 of march from 10 . 00 to 19 . 00 and we fained it very interesting , because we will have the opportunity to see mews , firstly about the latest fashions , secondly concerning leisure and sports wear and finally about make up and hairstyles . 
the show is going to be on tuesday the 14 of march from 10 . 00 to 19 . 00 and we find it very interesting , because we will have the opportunity to see mews , firstly about the latest fashions , secondly concerning leisure and sports wear and finally about make-up and hairstyles . 
in addition of this , it is going to be a great opportunity for all of us , because for the students it is completely free . 
in addition to this , it is going to be a great opportunity for all of us , because for students it is completely free . 
we were thinking that meaby we can go early to visit the science museum and than go to the central exhibition , where the event is going to have place ! 
we were thinking that maybe we can go early to visit the science museum and then go to the central exhibition centre , where the event is going to take place ! 
we really look forward to receiving your answer as soon as possible ! 
we really look forward to receiving your answer as soon as possible ! 
thank you very mutch ! 
thank you very much ! 
your sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
we have been talking for hours in our class about the treatment of the media regarding famous people . 
we have been talking for hours in our class about the media's treatment of famous people . 
of course i must agree with the opinion of my class - mates : famous people , such as actors , singers or politicians , deserve to have a private life , but of course it is not always like this ! 
of course i must agree with the opinion of my classmates : famous people , such as actors , singers or politicians , deserve to have a private life , but of course it is not always like this ! 
almost the time they have journalists following them everywhere and all the time , looking for great news or interesting pictures to put on the first page of the newspaper , and i don't think this is very nice , but is the price that famous people have to pay , just becouse they are popular . 
most of the time they have journalists following them everywhere , looking for a great story or interesting pictures to put on the front page of the newspaper , and i don't think this is very nice , but it is the price that famous people have to pay , just because they are popular . 
anyway , this is not always necessary a problem , but it can be a big thing for the famous person , becouse let people talking about him and increase his popularity . 
anyway , this is not always necessarily a problem , but it can be a big thing for the famous person , because it lets gets people talking about him and increases his popularity . 
in conclusion , i can say that this is not the bigger problem that the world has and -- it is not my problem becouse i am not famous ! 
in conclusion , i can say that this is not the biggest problem that the world has and -- it is not my problem because i am not famous ! 
dear mr. robertson , 
dear mr. robertson , 
my name is bao-yu liao . i am representative of our class in your college to write to you . 
my name is bao-yu liao . i am the representative of our class in your college to write to you . 
we are very grateful for what you have well-organised the programme going to london for us . 
we are very grateful for what you have well-organised the programme going to london for us . 
it is a good programme , especially national art gallery is one of the most places we would like to visit . this is because we are very interested in art . 
it is a good programme , in particular . in particular the national art gallery is one of the places we would most like to visit . this is because we are very interested in art . 
in fact , some of our classmates have seen an advertisement for the 'london fashion and leisure show' . concidently the show is in london and on tuesday march 14 which is during the period we are in london for the three-day programme . we think it is a great opportunity because we are very interested in art and fashion . of course , leisure as well . therefore , if it is possible , we would like to see the show in the afternoon on 14 march instead of going shopping . 
in fact , some of my classmates have seen an advertisement for the 'london fashion and leisure show' . coincidentally the show is in london and on tuesday march 14 , which is during the period we are in london for the three-day programme . we think it is a great opportunity because we are very interested in art and fashion . of course , we are interested in leisure as well . therefore , if it is possible , we would like to see the show in the afternoon on 14 march instead of going shopping . 
it would be very much appreciated if you could arrange the programme to be changed . we look forward to hearing a good news from you soon . 
it would be very much appreciated if you could arrange for the programme to be changed . we look forward to hearing some good news from you soon . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
famous people , such as politicians and film stars , deserve to have a private life without journalists following them all the time . we know it does not matter they are famous or not , everyone has his own privacy . however , as human beings , almost all of us are curious . we like to know and chat about gossip . this is why gossip magazines are so popular . due to commercial value , journalists have to follow them all the time to peep their private lives to satisfy us . there , it is impossible for journalists to stop chasing them . 
famous people , such as politicians and film stars , deserve to have a private life without journalists following them all the time . we know it does not matter whether they are famous or not ; everyone deserves some privacy . however , as human beings , almost all of us are curious . we like to know and chat about gossip . this is why gossip magazines are so popular . due to commercial value , journalists have to follow them all the time to peep into their private lives to satisfy us . therefore , it is impossible for journalists to stop chasing them . 
however , journalists should not only think about commercial value , but morality and priciples are also being concerned . of course , it everyone pays less attention or interest , the situations should be better . i remember in august 1997 princess diana died in the car crash was one of the most disarster examples . 
however , journalists should not only think about commercial value , because morality and principles are also concerned . of course , if everyone paid less attention or interest , the situation would be better . i remember in august 1997 princess diana dying in the car crash was one of the most disaster disastrous examples . 
although we can not deny it is our nature - curious , we can improve our sence of morality and try to think about the importance of privacy for them . actually , i am happy to hear that journalists have learned their lesson from the death of princess diana and try to let her children and royal family have more privacy . lets all leave them more freedom to enjoy their private lives . 
although we cannot deny it is our nature - we are curious - we can improve our sense of morality and try to think about the importance of privacy for them . actually , i am happy to hear that journalists have learned their lesson from the death of princess diana and try to let her children and the royal family have more privacy . let's all leave them more freedom to enjoy their private lives . 
basle , 12th decembre 2000
basle , 12th december 2000
( your english class n3c ) 
( your english class n3c ) 
dear mr robertson , 
dear mr robertson , 
we have received the programme . we'd like to thank you for organising good programme , especially the shopping tour on tuesday . 
we have received the programme . we'd like to thank you for organising a good programme , and especially for the shopping tour on tuesday . 
our class is especially interested in latest fashion and trends . london is a good place for discovering it . we've seen an advertisement for 'the london fashion and leisure show' and all of us are very interested in it . it's an exhibition of fashions , sport wears , make up and hairstyles . we think it is a great opportunity because there are some people in our class who like to study fashions after leaving this school . and everyone of us is interested in fashions and clothes ! this exhibition is situated in central exhibition hall , london . 
our class is especially interested in the latest fashion and trends . london is a good place for discovering these things . we've seen an advertisement for 'the london fashion and leisure show' and all of us are very interested in it . it's an exhibition of fashions , sportswears sportswear , make-up and hairstyles . we think it is a great opportunity because there are some people in our class who want to study fashion after leaving this school . and every one of us is interested in fashions and clothes ! this exhibition is situated in the central exhibition hall , london . 
we've noticed that the exhibition will be on tuesday , 14th of march . could we change our programme ? we'd like to do our shopping tour on next following day ( wednesday afternoon ) instead of tuesday afternoon . what do you think about our suggestion ? please write back as soon as possible . we hope to hearing from you soon . 
we've noticed that the exhibition will be on tuesday , the 14th of march . could we change our programme ? we'd like to do our shopping tour on the following day ( wednesday afternoon ) instead of tuesday afternoon . what do you think about our suggestion ? please write back as soon as possible . we hope to hear from you soon . 
yours faithfully
yours faithfully
basle , 12th decembre 2000
basle , 12th december 2000
dar oxana , 
dar oxana , 
thanks for your letter . it's nice to hear from you again . in your letter , you asked me wheter the book i've read would be a suitable present for your cousin's fifteenth birthday . it's my pleasure to write my suggestion for you now ! 
thanks for your letter . it's nice to hear from you again . in your letter , you asked me whether the book i've read would be a suitable present for your cousin's fifteenth birthday . it's my pleasure to write my suggestion for you now ! 
you know i love reading books , it's my passion . i've read all the books of english author ernest hemingway . they are great i tell you ! but i think your cousin is too young for it . why ? because he especially concentrates on history , social life and politic situation in the time the story is played . that might be quiet complicated to understand , especially for young people . for me , his books are great . but anyway , do you know the book with the title 'the best detective stories of agatha christie' ? it's written by agatha christie . she's an american and her books concentrate on crime and detective stories . her books aren't difficult to understand . she especially write books for young people . and i think this book is a very good one for your cousin . you wrote that your cousin is quite intered in magic , detectives and sport , didn't you ? i think this is the best choice for him ! 
you know i love reading books , it's my passion . i've read all the books of the english author ernest hemingway . they are great i tell you ! but i think your cousin is too young for them . why ? because he especially concentrates on the history , society and political situation of the time the story is set . that can be quite difficult to understand , especially for young people . for me , his books are great . but anyway , do you know the book with the title 'the best detective stories of agatha christie' ? it's written by agatha christie . she's an american and her books concentrate on crime and detective stories . her books aren't difficult to understand . she writes books especially for young people . and i think this book is a very good one for your cousin . you wrote that your cousin is quite interested in magic , detectives and sport , didn't you ? i think this is the best choice for him ! 
i've send you a copy of the summary from the book and an interesting article about the author and the book . please read it and write your comments . i hope to hearing from you soon ! have fun with it and say hello to your cousin ! see you soon ! 
i've sent you a copy of the summary from the book and an interesting article about the author and the book . please read it and write your comments . i hope to hear from you soon ! have fun with it and say hello to your cousin ! see you soon ! 
love , 
love , 
dear mr robertson , 
dear mr robertson , 
i'd like thank you to take us on a trip to london and have made such a good programme , especially the river trip to greenwich . 
i'd like thank you for taking us on a trip to london and have prepared having prepared such a good programme , especially the river trip to greenwich . 
it also will be " the london fashion and leisure show " on the 14th of march , which consist on an exhibition of the latest fashions , leisure and sports wear , make up and hairstyles . indeed it will be free for us as we are students . 
there will also be " the london fashion and leisure show " on the 14th of march , which consists of an exhibition of the latest fashions , leisure and sports wear , make-up and hairstyles . it will be free for us as we are students . 
as you know we are in england to learn your language and also your lifestyle , and we thought this show would be a good opportunity for us to discorve this way of your country ! 
as you know , we are in england to learn your language and also to learn about your lifestyle , and we thought this show would be a good opportunity for us to discover this aspect of your country ! 
may i suggest an alternative ? we could go to science museum on wednesday morning and to the national art gallery . we only need wake up earlier and take part of the lunchtime to do both the same morning , but that would leave us go to show on tuesday , because we can use the wednesday's free time to do our shopping . i hope that my idea sweet you and you'll agree . 
may i suggest an alternative plan ? we could go to the science museum on wednesday morning and to the national art gallery too . we only need wake up earlier and take part of the lunchtime to do both the same morning , but that would allow us to go to the show on tuesday , because we can use wednesday's free time to do our shopping . i hope that my idea suit suits is acceptable to you and you'll agree . 
sincerely , 
sincerely , 
tuesday , 12th december
tuesday , 12th december
dear annette , 
dear annette , 
thank you for your letter , like usual , it's a pleisure to receive a word from you . 
thank you for your letter , as usual , it's a pleasure to receive news from you . 
i understood that you're looking for your cousin's birthday present , and you'd like give to him a book , which , i think , it's a good idea . the last book i read was wuthering heights by emilie bront . it's a fantastique book , which i recommend to everybody keen on lovestories . it's a perfect combinaison between passion and life difficulties . i recone that it's quite not an easy reading , but as you described your cousin , i think she really will enjoy it , she's such good in litteracy , that it won't be a problem for her . i really think you should choose this one for her , it does go with her personnality . it'll be a good point for her general culture , wuthering heights it's a classic , which everybody knows about it , even if they didn't have read it , they , at liest , know the story . 
i understand that you're looking for a birthday present for your cousin , and you'd like to give her a book , which , i think , is a good idea . the last book i read was wuthering heights by emilie bront . it's a fantastic book , which i recommend to everybody keen on love stories . it's a perfect combination of passion and life's difficulties . i reckon that it's not an easy read , but as you described your cousin , i think she really will enjoy it , she's so good at literacy literature that it won't be a problem for her . i really think you should choose this one for her , it does go with her personality . it'll be a good point for her general education . wuthering heights is a classic , which everybody knows about , even if they haven't read it , they at least know the story . 
let me know what would be your choice . 
let me know what would be your choice . 
love from , 
love from 
12 . 12 . 2000
12 . 12 . 2000
dear mr robertson , 
dear mr robertson , 
i am writing to ask permission to go to the london fashion and leisure show . i would be very greatful if you could let us to go the show . 
i am writing to ask permission to go to the london fashion and leisure show . i would be very grateful if you could let us go to the show . 
i would like to give you some details about the show that i saw its advertisement yesterday . it is in the central exhibition hall in london . it starts at 10 . 00 am and finishes 19 . 00 pm . the date of the show is on tuesday 14th of march . it is really great opportunity to go to the show when we are in london . we would like to go there because it is very popular nowadays . i've heard that leisure and sports wear , make up and hairstyles are really wonderful . it is also free for students . we all know that you organised everything . however , we can change the programme . here are some suggestions that i would like to let you know . we have free timer on wednesday 15th of march in the afternoon so we can go to the science museum on wednesday . we can also do shopping quickly after sightseeing of london . 
i would like to give you some details about the show that i saw in an advertisement yesterday . it is at the central exhibition hall in london . it starts at 10 . 00 am and finishes at 19 . 00 pm . the date of the show is tuesday the 14th of march . it will be a really great opportunity to go to the show when we are in london . we would like to go there because it is very popular nowadays . i've heard that the leisure and sports wear , make-up and hairstyles are really wonderful . it is also free for students . we all know that you have organised everything . however , we can change the programme . here are some suggestions that i would like to let you have . we have some free time on wednesday the 15th of march in the afternoon so we can go to the science museum on wednesday . we can also do our shopping quickly after sightseeing in london . 
i would be very pleased if you let us to go to the show . i also would like to say thank you for organising the good program for us . i look forward to hearing from you soon . 
i would be very pleased if you let us go to the show . i also would like to say thank you for organising an excellent programme for us . i look forward to hearing from you soon . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
a day of my life
a day in my life
it was dangerous , but i knew i had to do it . 
it was dangerous , but i knew i had to do it . 
that day , i got up early because i hadn't slept very well . i checked everything again and again . i was afraid of doing it but i had to do it . it was the first time i had robbed a bank . i was her best friend . i promised her to find a money for her operation . she was at the hospital and she was really bad . 
that day , i got up early because i hadn't slept very well . i checked everything again and again . i was afraid to do it but i had to do it . it was the first time i had robbed a bank . i was her best friend . i promised her i would find the money for her operation . she was at the hospital and she was really bad . 
that time , i couldn't imagine how my life would change . after i had had my breakfast i put my clothes on . i didn't want anybody to recognise me . despite feeling really bad i left home . i got into my car and started it . when i arrived the bank i got out of the car and went into the bank . i told everybody to lie down . they did it . i asked cashier to give me all money . before i took money one of the cashier had pressed a button to call a police . i quickly left bank . 
at that time , i couldn't imagine how my life would change . after i had had my breakfast i put my clothes on . i didn't want anybody to recognise me . despite feeling really bad i left home . i got into my car and started it . when i arrived at the bank i got out of the car and went into the bank . i told everybody to lie down . they did it . i asked the cashier to give me all the money . before i took the money one of the cashiers had pressed a button to call the police . i quickly left the bank . 
however , it didn't take long that they caught me soon . the policeman arrested me and i stayed in a prison for 15 years . the worst thing was my friend died after 10 days i was arrested . 
however , it didn't take long for them to catch me . the policeman arrested me and i was in prison for 15 years . the worst thing was my friend died 10 days after i was arrested . 
dear mr robertson , 
dear mr robertson , 
i am writing about our class trip to london . first of all , i appreciate you well-organised programme , especially , " river trip to greenwich " which we requested . it would be the most excising activity in this trip . 
i am writing about our class trip to london . first of all , i appreciate your well-organised programme , especially the " river trip to greenwich " which we requested . it will be the most exciting activity on this trip . 
however , i saw the advertisement of " the london fashion and leisure show " in the newspaper today , and told all classmates about it . we are very interested in going this show . so i would like to suggest you to change the part of programme for visiting this show . 
however , i saw the advertisement for " the london fashion and leisure show " in the newspaper today , and told all our classmates about it . we are very interested in going to this show . so i would like to suggest you change part of the programme so we can visit this show . 
this show is held in central exhibition hall , london on tue . 14 , march , and open from 10:00 to 19:00 . we can see the latest fashions , leisure and sports wear , make up , and hairstyles which we will learn next term . therefore , i think it is great idea to visit the show for our knowledgement . furthermore , the addmission is free for students . 
this show will be held in the central exhibition hall , london on tue . 14 , march , and is open from 10:00 to 19:00 . we can see the latest fashions , leisure and sports wear , make-up , and hairstyles which we will learn about next term . therefore , i think it is a great idea to visit the show for our education . furthermore , admission is free for students . 
unfortunately , our programm is fixed but i think we could change the part of the programme . for example , " shopping on 14 , march' can be changed to 15 , march instead of " free time " . so we will be able to use the time at the afternoon on 14 , march for visiting the show . 
unfortunately , our programme is fixed but i think we could change part of the programme . for example , " shopping on 14 march' can be changed to 15 march instead of " free time " . so we will be able to use the time in the afternoon on 14 march for visiting the show . 
i hope that you would give us an opportunity to visit the show . i look forward to hearing from you soon . 
i hope that you will give us an opportunity to visit the show . i look forward to hearing from you soon . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
some people said that famous people such as politicians , and film stars , needs to have a private life without journalists following them all the time . i strongly agree with this . firstly , most people might remember the sad story of " princess diana " she died in paris few years ago while she was escaping from lots of journalists called " paparach " . if she was not followed by journalists , she wouldn't die . so , this fact shows obviously that famous people without private life could be the victim . 
some people have said that famous people such as politicians , and film stars , need to have a private life without journalists following them all the time . i strongly agree with this . firstly , most people can remember the sad story of " princess diana " . she died in paris a few years ago while she was escaping from lots of journalists called " paparazzi " . if she had not been followed by journalists , she wouldn't have died . so , this fact shows obviously that famous people without a private life can become victims . 
but on the other hand , ordinary people , including me , are keen on watching film stars or super models fashion . moreover , people are interested in their life style . i think that is the reason why journalists are still chasing famous people after " princess diana's " accident . 
but on the other hand , ordinary people , including me , are keen on watching film stars or super models . moreover , people are interested in their lifestyle . i think that is the reason why journalists are still chasing famous people after " princess diana's " accident . 
however , secondly , famous people are not " ailen " so that they might do something , for example , ashame things in public space or argument with partner or family even put on swimming costume like us . so they can be just ordinaly people like us . we have to think about this way . 
however , secondly , famous people are not " alien " so they might do something , for example , shameful things in a public space , or argue with a partner or family , even put on a swimming costume like us . so they can be just ordinary people like us . we have to think about it this way . 
overall , people should think if we were famous people . . . and then we can find the answer that all people , including famous people , need private life and would like to behave in ordinaly life . 
overall , people should think about what it would be like if we were famous people . . . and then we can find the answer that all people , including famous people , need a private life and would like to have an ordinary life . 
dear mr robertson , 
dear mr robertson , 
on behalf of our class i would like to give you some information about the london fashion and leisure show , that we saw advertised and we are interested indeed . in addition we would like to thank you about the programme . 
on behalf of our class i would like to give you some information about the london fashion and leisure show that we saw advertised and we are interested in . in addition we would like to thank you for the programme . 
firstly , i would like to give you some details about this show . it will take place in central exhibition hall , in london , on tuesday 14th of march and the suitable time will be 10 . 00 - 19 . 00
firstly , i would like to give you some details about this show . it will take place in the central exhibition hall , in london , on tuesday the 14th of march and the suitable time will be 10 . 00 - 19 . 00
i would like to mention that this day we are going to visit the science museum in the morning and after we are going for shopping , so i believe it will be a good change for all of us to attend this show as it is free for students ! the most important thing is that the time that the show starts is perfect and is suitable as well with our programme because until 19:00 i think that everyone will have finished their shopping . 
i would like to mention that on this day we are going to visit the science museum in the morning and after we are going shopping , so i believe it will be a good chance for all of us to attend this show as it is free for students ! the most important thing is that the time that the show starts is perfect and is compatible as well with our programme because by 19:00 i think that everyone will have finished their shopping . 
secondly , i would like to give you more details about the show and particularly what does it include . the latest fashion will be on show and also the leisure and sports wear . really interesting ! moreover all about the make up and the hairstyles . i think that it will be a great opportunity to all of us to be on this show while we are going to be in london . but , if there is a problem that the show is on tuesday afternoon , the same hour with shopping , i suggest having the shopping on wednesday afternoon that we will not have anything to do ! 
secondly , i would like to give you more details about the show and particularly about what it includes . the latest fashions will be on show and also the leisure and sports wear . really interesting ! moreover all about the make up and the hairstyles . i think that this show will be a great opportunity for all of us while we are in london . but if there is a problem because the show is on tuesday afternoon , the same time as our shopping trip , i suggest going shopping on wednesday afternoon when we will not have anything to do ! 
i look forward to your reply , 
i look forward to your reply , 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
some people think that to be a famous person is very excuiting thing , that all the time this makes you feel completely and also they think that if you are famous you are special as well . 
some people think that being a famous person is a very exciting thing , that all the time this makes you feel complete and also they think that if you are famous you are special as well . 
i believe , that if somebody wants the fame and the glory must be tottally sure about the results . for example , the politicians the have choosed their careers , they must know that they are going to involved with everything that it has to do with publicity and their country and the most important is that they have to realize that they should be extremely careful of their movements or else they are going to have bad reputation , and they will be not trustworthy . 
i believe that if somebody wants fame and glory he must be totally clear about the results . for example , politicians have chosen their careers ; they must know that they are going to involved with everything that it has to do with publicity and their country and the most important thing is that they have to realize that they should be extremely careful about their movements or else they are going to have a bad reputation , and they will not be considered trustworthy . 
another succesfull carreer such as , film stars must also be balanced . if somebody is a film star this mean that has got a different kind of life , more comfortable , more interesting but it doesn't mean that he or she can't be like normal people even if he or she is a star . 
another successful career such as , film stars must also be balanced . if somebody is a film star this means that he has got a different kind of life , a more comfortable , more interesting life but it doesn't mean that he or she can't be like normal people even if he or she is a star . 
if somebody wants to be famous of cource must be on the top and the mass media will be following him or her . but i think that the are limits . everybody deserve to have a private life even if he is a plumber or even if she is a famous singer . it doesn't matter what kind of carreer or job you are follow . you must control your behaviour and try not implove so much yourself . and finally the journalists the should know how to respect the private life of everyone and not trying to make money for a living by using the reputation of the famous people . 
if somebody wants to be famous of course they must be on the top and the mass media will be following him or her . but i think that there are limits . everybody deserves to have a private life even if he is a plumber or even if she is a famous singer . it doesn't matter what kind of career or job you are following have . you must control your behaviour and try not implove so much yourself . and finally the journalists should know how to respect the private lives of everyone and not try to make money by using the reputation of famous people . 
dear mr robertson:
dear mr robertson:
firstly , i'm very glad to hear from you . thank you for being organised the programme for our class , i think you may think about a long time that how shall we study during three days . we have seen your programme , and like all of those , especially the science museum , it will good for us to increase our knowledge , and so on . 
firstly , i'm very glad to hear from you . thank you for organising the programme for our class . i think you have thought a long time about how should we we should study during these three days . we have seen your programme , and like all of those , especially the science museum . it will be good for us to increase our knowledge , and so on . 
secondly , i wonder if you know it will have " london fashion and leisure " be showed on tuesday in central exhibition hall . in other words , what they will introduce , is most interested in us , i mean it's conflict with your plan , what a pity ! 
secondly , i wonder if you know that the " london fashion and leisure show " will be held on tuesday at the central exhibition hall . in other words , what they will introduce is very interesting to us . i mean it's conflict with your plan . what a pity ! 
all of us want to go to the show , the generation who are the same ago with us all like make up , become beautiful , and it's important that it will free for students and just be showed one day . so , we don't want lose this chance . 
all of us want to go to the show . the generation who are the same age as us all like make-up , become beautiful , and it's important that it will be free for students and just be showed for one day . so , we don't want to lose to miss this chance . 
finally , we would like to get your permition to go , maybe if it is possible that you change your programme , we may be going to your college any time after tuesday . we're sorry to give you trouble . 
finally , we would like to get your permission to go . maybe if it is possible that you can change your programme , we can go to your college any time after tuesday . we're sorry to cause you trouble . 
we look forward to hearing from you again as soon as possible . 
we look forward to hearing from you again as soon as possible . 
best wishes
best wishes
it was dangerous , but i knew i had to do it . 
it was dangerous , but i knew i had to do it . 
this story happed two years ago . that was a very hot summer , every people in our city like to swim in the river , perhaps they didn't think it was interesting if they swimed in the pool . personally , i'd like to say i was good at swimming . not only i was a member of swimming team in our school , but also i was tought by my father since i was five years old , so i would understood some skills and how to protect yourself from my dad , if you had a accident . 
this story happened two years ago . that was a very hot summer , all the . all the people in our city liked to swim in the river . perhaps they didn't think it was interesting if they swam in the pool . personally , i'd like to say i was good at swimming . not only was i a member of the swimming team in our school , but also i had been taught by my father since i was five years old . so i would acquired had acquired some skills and learned how to protect myself from my dad , if you had an accident . 
one day , i passed by a river in accident , i saw there were a lot of people playing in the river . suddenly , i heard of " help , help " in my distance . in a while , lots of passed-by crowed to the river-side . to my surprise , nobody want to save that boy who was shouting , just stood there , like lots of " champ " . i started think about it , after all , either had i neve done this task before , or trained . i just 15 years old . finally , i jumped into the river , i really knew that was dangerous , but i haven't think about anything except " justify " this word . i also extremely hated those people who stood there all the time . 
one day , i passed by a river in accident . i saw there were a lot of people playing in the river . suddenly , i heard a cry of " help , help " in the distance . in a while , lots of passersby crowded at the riverside . to my surprise , nobody went in to save that boy who was shouting , but just stood there , like lots of " champ " . i started thinking about it . after all , either had i never done this task before , or trained . i was just 15 years old . finally , i jumped into the river . i really knew that was dangerous , but i didn't think about anything except " justify " this word . i also really hated those people who stood there all the time . 
thank goodness , i succeed , save that struggled child . when i went the river-side bank , i saw some red-faced . 
thank goodness , i succeeded in saving that struggling child . when i got to the riverside river bank , i saw some red-faced . 
dear mr robertson , 
dear mr robertson , 
firstly , i'm writing to thank you the great opportunity you give us , especially in planing all this programme in a such such a acurate way . i think that this programme has a good organisation , as you know , due to we have enough time to visit plenty of local interest points . but , i was wondering , like a student of this college , if we would change part of this programme . . . we'd like to go to the london fashion and leisure show . it takes place on tuesday 14th and begins at ten o'clock . in this way , we can go to visit the science museum earlier in the morning and the , we can go to the show . 
firstly , i'm writing to thank you for the great opportunity you are giving us , especially in planning all this programme in such an accurate way . i think that this programme is well organised well-organised , as you know , because we have enough time to visit plenty of local interest points . but i was wondering , as a student of this college , if we could change part of this programme . . . we'd like to go to the london fashion and leisure show . it takes place on tuesday 14th and begins at ten o'clock . in this way , we can go to visit the science museum earlier in the morning and then we can go to the show . 
front my point of view , we are very interested in the latest fashions like the leisure , sports wear , make up , hairstyles , you know . . . i strongly believe that we will be at the right time and best city to appreciate it . please let me know if you are agree with us ! oh i forgot about it ! besides , this show is gree ( another positiu point ) . 
from my point of view , we are very interested in the latest fashions like leisure wear , sportswear , make-up , hairstyles , you know . . . i strongly believe that we will be at the right time and in the best city in the best city and at the right time to appreciate it . please let me know if you agree with us ! oh i forgot about something ! also , this show is free ( another positive point ) . 
looking forward to hearing from you . 
looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
fancy getting to know the future ? 
fancy getting to know the future ? 
do you think you've the future in your hands ? do you think we're living like old times ? would you like living in a modern way ? what do you expect about the future ? can you compare it . . . ? are you afraid ? 
do you think you've got the future in your hands ? do you think we're living like in olden times ? would you like to live in a modern way ? what do you expect in the future ? can you compare it . . . ? are you afraid ? 
well , you can look at your house . . . nowadays , we have all kind of instruments to washing up the dishes , to cook to be more comfortable , for example the tv , the video recorder , etc . 
well , you can look at your house . . . nowadays , we have all kinds of instruments for washing up the dishes , for cooking to be more convenient , for example , the tv , the video recorder , etc . 
maybe , in a few years later we'll have a bigger tv , a more suitable radio but , from my point of view , i think these facts will not change the way of our lifes . we will be able to accelerate the process of the computer's games for example . . . but not in the strange way you can imagine . . . i mean i don't think we'll change cars by aereoplanes . . . 
maybe , in a few years' time we'll have a bigger tv , a more suitable radio but , in my opinion , i think these facts will not change our way of lives life . we will be able to speed up the running of computer games , for example . . . but not in any strange way you can imagine . . . i mean i don't think we'll change cars into aeroplanes . . . 
in this way , you have to be calm because as you know the things are developing in the same way you'r changing , too . in conclusion , i strongly believe that the the house of the future will be the house of a new mindness it will be a very positiu point for opening our lifes . so , we have the future in our hands ! think about it . 
therefore , you have to be calm because , as you know , things are developing and in the same way you're changing , too . in conclusion , i strongly believe that the house of the future will be the house of a new awareness . it will be a very positive point for opening up our lives . so , we have the future in our hands ! think about it . 
dear principal , first of all , we would like to thank you for good programme which provides us 3 days stay in london . it contains a wide range of activities for example , sightseeing , river trip , visiting science museum and gallery , shopping . it is certain that the programme will give the students considerable enjoyment . however , we have found an advertisement for the london fashion and leisure show , which will be held at central exhibition hall on 14th of march . the advertisement says that the show is full of many interesting programmes , such as the latest fashions , leisure and sports wear , make up and hairstyles etc . moreover , students are allowed to admit for free . 
dear principal , first of all , we would like to thank you for the good programme which provides us with 3 days' stay in london . it contains a wide range of activities , for example , sightseeing , a river trip , visiting the science museum and gallery , shopping . it is certain that the programme will give the students considerable enjoyment . however , we have found an advertisement for the london fashion and leisure show , which will be held at central exhibition hall on 14th of march . the advertisement says that the show is full of many interesting programmes , such as the latest fashions , leisure and sports wear , make-up and hairstyles etc . moreover , students are allowed to attend for free . 
all of us would like to attend the show because young people , particularly girls are interested in fashion and make up , so we are expecting the show will be the great opportunity to see what the new trend in fashion will be like . it would be grateful if you give a little change in programme so that we are able to attend the show . it seems to be good to change the programme of 14th into the london fashion and leisure show , instead of the science museum and shopping . i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
all of us would like to attend the show because young people , particularly girls , are interested in fashion and make-up , so we are expecting the show to be a great opportunity to see what the new trends in fashion will be like . it would be great if you gave made a little change in the programme so that we are able to attend the show . it seems to be good to change the programme of 14th to the london fashion and leisure show , instead of the science museum and shopping . i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
technical and warm home people's way of life has considerably been changed by rapdily developing mordern technology . to begin with , it will be good to look back on how our parents have lived in a house . 50 years ago , korean mothers should have made a fire by burning woods to warm a room up and make food . since the eletric fire and microwave oven had been invented , their life have been far easier than before . today , however , people do not need to spend many times on making food , washing up , or even on turning on an off the light . machines , such as a dish washer , laundry machine and remote controller help us jut to relax or do a little work necessary . from my point of view , people's home in the future will be controlled by a computer which is devised in every machine , tv , cooker and the light , connecting to the owner . he/she can just press the button or send e-mail to operate what he/she needs , even though the owner is far from the house . on the other hand , people will still be living in a building which is constructed for a " family " . in spite of the computer , children will need food their mothers make and love expressed not by a computer , but by parents themselves . computer might know better than human , but there are many things which it can not replace in our life . 
technical and warm home people's way of life has been changed considerably by rapidly developing modern technology . to begin with , it will be good to look back on how our parents have lived in a house . 50 years ago , korean mothers should have made a fire by burning wood to warm a room up and make food . since the electric fire and microwave oven had been invented , their lives have been far easier than before . today , however , people do not need to spend much time on making food , washing up , or even on turning on and off the light the light on and off . machines , such as the dishwasher , washing machine and remote control help us just to relax or do a little necessary work . in my opinion , people's homes in the future will be controlled by a computer which is built into every machine , tv , cooker and the light , connected to the owner . he/she can just press the button or send e-mail to operate what he/she needs , even though the owner is far from the house . on the other hand , people will still be living in a building which is constructed for a " family " . in spite of the computer , children will need food their mothers make and love expressed not by a computer , but by parents themselves . a computer might know more than a human , but there are many things which it cannot replace in our life . 
dear mr robertson
dear mr robertson
thank you for the programme you have organised for our visit to london . we think it will be a very interesting trip , especially the sightseeing by bus . 
thank you for the programme you have organised for our visit to london . we think it will be a very interesting trip , especially the sightseeing by bus . 
in our class , we have read an advertisement for the " london fashion and leisure show " , which will take place at the central exhibition hall in london on tuesday 14 march from 10:00 to 19:00 . as we are going to be in london on this date , we think , it could be a great oppurtunity for us to go there because we are very interested in the latest fashions , make up , etc . and it is free for students . 
in our class , we have read an advertisement for the " london fashion and leisure show " , which will take place at the central exhibition hall in london on tuesday 14 march from 10:00 to 19:00 . as we are going to be in london on this date , we think it could be a great opportunity for us to go there because we are very interested in the latest fashions , make up , etc . and it is free for students . 
because of this reasons , we would kindy ask you to change the programme , so that we could go to this especial event . we suggest visiting the science museum in the afternoon on wednesday 15 march and canceling the shopping on tuesday 14 march . 
because of this reason , we would kindly ask you to change the programme so that we could go to this particular event . we suggest visiting the science museum in the afternoon on wednesday 15 march and cancelling the shopping on tuesday 14 march . 
hoping on your agreement and looking forward to hearing from you . 
hoping for your agreement and looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
an especiall invitation
a especial special invitation
it was dangerous , but i knew i had to do it . i was having holidays with my parents and some friends in india and we were enjoying talking to people and eating the local food . one day we were invited from locals to visit a little town five hours away from new dehli . although my parents were very happy of having such an especial opportunity visiting a place with no tourists , i was a little bit scared . 
it was dangerous , but i knew i had to do it . i was having a holiday with my parents and some friends in india and we were enjoying talking to people and eating the local food . one day we were invited by some locals to visit a little town five hours away from new dehli . although my parents were very happy about having such a special opportunity of visiting a place with no tourists , i was a little bit scared . 
in this country my parents used to buy water in bottles to have it clean , but in the little town we didn't had this possibility and the family where we were staying with , kindly boiled the water for us . 
in this country my parents used to buy water in bottles to have it clean , but in the little town we didn't have the chance to do this and the family where we were staying kindly boiled the water for us . 
we spent 2 weeks with the family . the first week was find , but on the second week i got very seek . i think it was the water . my mother tried to get a doctor , but they said there was no one . 
we spent 2 weeks with the family . the first week was fine , but in the second week i got very sick . i think it was the water . my mother tried to get a doctor , but they said there was no one . 
some days later we went back to dehli and having being to the doctor and having again bottled water , i was feeling healthy again . 
some days later we went back to dehli and , having been to the doctor and having again drunk bottled water , i was feeling healthy again . 
dear mr robertson , 
dear mr robertson , 
i am writing to you as a representative of the class about the 3-day school trip which has been organized for next week . 
i am writing to you as a representative of the class about the 3-day school trip which has been organized for next week . 
first of all , i would like to thank you for the excellent organization of this trip which seems to be very interesting and useful for the students . especially i believe that the visit to the national art gallery will be a really exciting experience for all of us . all the students are enthusiastic about it . 
first of all , i would like to thank you for the excellent organization of this trip which seems to be very interesting and useful for the students . in particular , i believe that the visit to the national art gallery will be a really exciting experience for all of us . all the students are enthusiastic about it . 
however , some of them have read an advertisment about the london fashion and leisure show , which will take place at the central exhibition hall in london on 14th march . the exhibition will show all the latest fashion in a very wide range from sports wear to make up and even hairstyles . what is more , the show is free for all the students . we feel that taking part to it would be a great opportunity to us since we will be able to have some information about the world of fashion , which is becoming more and more important in our days . 
however , some of them have read an advertisement about the london fashion and leisure show , which will take place at the central exhibition hall in london on 14th march . the exhibition will show all the latest fashions over a very wide range from sportswear to make-up and even hairstyles . what is more , the show is free for all students . we feel that taking part in it would be a great opportunity for us since we will be able to get some information about the world of fashion , which is becoming more and more important in our time . 
under the circumstances , i was asked by the class to inform you about the show and to ask if it could be possible to make some changes in the programme if it could to visit the exhibition . it will take place on tuesday from 10 . 00am to 19 . 00pm , so we could give up the shopping and go to the show in the afternoon . 
under the circumstances , i was asked by the class to inform you about the show and to ask if it would be possible to make some changes to the programme if it could to visit the exhibition . it will take place on tuesday from 10 . 00am to 7 . 00pm , so we could give up shopping and go to the show in the afternoon . 
i hope you will consider this possibility and tell us as soon as possible if you intend to accept our proposal . 
i hope you will consider this possibility and tell us as soon as possible if you intend to accept our proposal . 
yours faithfully 
yours sincerely , 
being famous and risk is something all of us have dreamt of sometimes . but not always famous people are happy of their condition . usually if you ask them what they would desire most , the answer is: " i would like to be able to live like ordinary people do " 
being famous and rich rich and famous is something all of us have dreamt of at some time . but famous people aren't always happy with their situation . usually if you ask them what they desire most , the answer is: " i would like to be able to live like ordinary people do . " 
there is no surprise to this answer : famous people can not have their own private life . whenever they go out they are suddenly " hounded " by groups of journalists and photographers who want an interview or a photo . they can not even have a pizza with friend who stops them and asks them for an autograph . but the worst thing of all is that they are often victim of malicious gossips , which most of the times are not even true . 
this answer is no surprise : famous people cannot have their own private life . whenever they go out they are suddenly " hounded " by groups of journalists and photographers who want an interview or a photo . they cannot even have a pizza with friend who stops them and asks them for an autograph . but the worst thing of all is that they are often the victim of malicious gossip , which most of the time is not even true . 
in conclusion , i believe that it is certainly tight that famous people accept their condition , with all the advantages and disadvantages it brings , on the other hand , however , i think that they deserve to have a private life as all other people have . also the most famous star can be unhappy and depresed : not always , in fact , money and celebrity being happiness . 
in conclusion , i believe that it is certainly right that famous people accept their situation , with all the advantages and disadvantages it brings . on the other hand , however , i think that they deserve to have a private life like all other people have . also the most famous star can be unhappy and depressed : not always , in fact , money and celebrity bring in fact , money and celebrity don't always bring happiness . 
dear mr robertson , 
dear mr robertson , 
thank you for the programme which you have organised the three days in london . however , some students in our class have seen an advertisement for the london fashion and leisure show and we would like to have an opportunity to go to the show . 
thank you for the programme which you have organised for the three days in london . however , some students in our class have seen an advertisement for the london fashion and leisure show and we would like to have an opportunity to go to the show . 
the show is opened between ten and seven p . m on tuesday , march 14 at central exhibition hall in london . latest fashions , leisure and sports wear , make up and hairstyles are expected to be displayed and studied . we have concerned it as a great opportunity to touch a part of latest cultures , which are concentrated and sharpened in london . in addition , the addmission for students is free . 
the show is open between ten and seven p . m on tuesday , march 14 , at the central exhibition hall in london . the latest fashions , leisure and sports wear , make-up and hairstyles are expected to be displayed and studied . we have thought think it a great opportunity to touch a part of the latest cultures , which are concentrated and sharpened in london . in addition , admission for students is free . 
taking the programme and the show into consideration , we suggest that we can have time to go to the show in the afternoon on tuesday . we suppose that in free time on wednesday we can find some time for shopping . we hope that you consider our suggestion . 
taking the programme and the show into consideration , we suggest that we would have time to go to the show in the afternoon on tuesday . we suppose that during our free time on wednesday we can find some time for shopping . we hope that you consider our suggestion . 
yours sincerily , 
yours sincerely , 
the ways of living are always changing . it is no doubt that functions and structures of the home have been changing as well as that of transformation , for example , have been . thinking about the home of the future , first of all , nuclear families should be expected because of new technologies , which make house-keeping easier and simpler and because of the idea which encourages us to live in cities for convenient life . people may tend to avoid from living in a large number of families in an expected small house in a city . 
the ways of living are always changing . there is no doubt that the functions and structures of the home have been changing as well as that of transformation , for example , have been . thinking about the home of the future , first of all , nuclear families should be expected because of new technologies , which make house-keeping easier and simpler and because of the idea which encourages us to live in cities for a convenient life . people may tend to avoid living in a large number of families in an expected small house in a city . 
on the other hand , the bond between parents and children should be unlikly to change . people always need their parents , children and so on . the longer and further they live on their own , the more they may feel that they need a family . 
on the other hand , the bond between parents and children is unlikely to change . people always need their parents , children and so on . the longer and further they live on their own , the more they may feel that they need a family . 
new materials will surly change the home of the future in any ways . it is just staff's around us improving and turning into new one . hopefully , the minds of people will stay peaceful and tender in the future . 
new materials will surely change the home of the future in many ways . it is just staff's around us improving and turning into new one . hopefully , the minds of people will stay peaceful and gentle in the future . 
dear mr robertson
dear mr robertson
my name is . . . and i am a student representative . i am writing to you on behalf of my class concerning our trip to london . 
my name is . . . and i am a student representative . i am writing to you on behalf of my class concerning our trip to london . 
first of all i would like to thank you for organizing the programme . i read it and found it very good , specially , science museum and national art gallery as i am interested in arts . 
first of all i would like to thank you for organizing the programme . i read it and found it very good , especially the science museum and national art gallery as i am interested in arts . 
however , i have a great proposition for you . students in my class have recently seen an advertisement for the london fashion and leisure show . i thing it is a great opportunity for us , as it is at the time of our being in london and is free of charge for students . girls should like to see the latest fashion , new make-up and interesting hairstyles . boys are interested in seeing leisure and sportswear . 
however , i have a great proposition for you . the students in my class have recently seen an advertisement for the london fashion and leisure show . i think it is a great opportunity for us , as it is at the time of our being in london and is free of charge for students . the girls would like to see the latest fashions , new make-up and interesting hairstyles . the boys are interested in seeing leisure and sportswear . 
i would like to suggest a change in the programme by giving up shopping and going to the london fashion and leisure show . 
i would like to suggest a change in the programme by giving up shopping and going to the london fashion and leisure show . 
i hope you will consider this proposition and i am looking forward to hearing form you . 
i hope you will consider this proposition and i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
the home of the future
the home of the future
home is an important element in everybody's life . it gives you safety . i do not know people who would not want to have a home . we like our houses that is why are always trying to make it more comfortable and useful . 
home is an important element in everybody's life . it gives you safety . i do not know people who would not want to have a home . we like our houses , that is why we are always trying to make them more comfortable and useful . 
i think the home of the future will be bigger as we will need more room for us , our belongings and interests . the construction will be more simple what will give us a feeling of balance . more houses will have gardens what will make us feel closer to the nature . 
i think the home of the future will be bigger as we will need more room for ourselves , our belongings and interests . the construction will be more simple , which will give us a feeling of balance . more houses will have gardens , which will make us feel closer to nature . 
many people think that we will resign from a kitchen which is a useless place , as we will spend most of the time at work and will eat outside . i do not think so . because of computers we will have the possibility of working at home , therefore , home will be very important place worth paying attention . 
many people think that we will resign from a kitchen , which is a useless place , as we will spend most of the time at work and will eat outside . i do not think so . because of computers , we will have the possibility of working at home , therefore , home will be a very important place worth paying attention to . 
take care of your home , do not hesitate in it and you will be very happy . 
take care of your home , do not hesitate in it and you will be very happy . 
dear mr. robertson
dear mr. robertson
first of all , i want to thank you in the name of the class for your good organisation and programme , especially for the fact that you are giving us some free time . we really appreciate this . 
first of all , i want to thank you on behalf of the class for your excellent organisation and programme , and especially for the fact that you are giving us some free time . we really appreciate this . 
however , we have seen an advertisement for the london fashion and leisure show . the show is on tuesday the 14th of march , from 10 oo to 19 oo o'clock in the central exhibition hall . there will be shown the latest fashions about leisure and sports wear , make up and hairstyles . 
however , we have seen an advertisement for the london fashion and leisure show . the show is on tuesday the 14th of march , from 10 to 7 o'clock in the central exhibition hall . there will be shown the latest fashions in leisure and sports wear , make-up and hairstyles the latest fashions in leisure and sports wear , make-up and hairstyles will be shown there . 
this is a great opportunity for us , because we haven't been ever before in this kind of show . as well as this , the entrance for students is free . 
this is a great opportunity for us , because we haven't ever before been to this kind of show . as well as this , entrance for students is free . 
as you can see this is the best time to go there . we have some suggestions about how to change the programme . instead of visiting the science museum on tuesday we could go there on wednesday afternoon and instead of going shopping on tuesday afternoon we could maybe stop at some places during the sightseeing tour and buy there something . 
as you can see this is the best time to go there . we have some suggestions about how to change the programme . instead of visiting the science museum on tuesday we could go there on wednesday afternoon and instead of going shopping on tuesday afternoon we could maybe stop at some places during the sightseeing tour and buy something there . 
to sum up , this is a really great opportunity for us and i don't think that the changes are so big . i look forward to hearing from you . 
to sum up , this is a really great opportunity for us and i don't think that the changes are so big . i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerelly 
yours sincerely 
the man is a being that need to live close to other human beings and to create a society around him . as well as this he needs his own free space and privacy . this is also important to him as friendship and family 
man is a being that needs to live close to other human beings and to create a society around himself . as well as this he needs his own free space and privacy . this is also as important to him as friendship and family . 
in our society some people are treated like animals in the zoo by the press . just because they are famous and well known to a high number of other people . the newspapers print everything about them . the yellow press is searching for every little information they can get . the photographers are chasing these people , just to take a picture of them on how they eat or with who the meat . the photos will be on tomorrow's press and so rumours are born . 
in our society some people are treated like animals in the zoo by the press , just because they are famous and well known to a high number of other people . the newspapers print everything about them . the yellow press is searching for every little bit of information they can get . the photographers are chasing these people just to take a picture of them to show how they eat or with whom they meet . the photos will be in tomorrow's press and so rumours are born . 
on the other hand the people have choose to walk on this path . everything in life has a price . the price for fame and money is the lost of privacy . first of all you have to give up something for getting something else . 
on the other hand these people have chosen to walk this path . everything in life has a price . the price for fame and money is the loss of privacy . first of all you have to give up something to get something else . 
however , the press shouldn't create rumours and hunt those people like animals . as well as this , the stars shouldn't complaint at any time about their fans and their lost of privacy . they wanted to be famous and the had known the price before . the fans and the press are those who have made them rich and famous . 
however , the press shouldn't create rumours and hunt those people like animals . as well as this , the stars shouldn't complain at any time about their fans and their loss of privacy . they wanted to be famous and they knew the price beforehand . the fans and the press are those who have made them rich and famous . 
dear mr robertson
dear mr robertson
i am writing to you about the trip to london . all of the students in my class have read through the programmes that you have set , they are quite interesting , especially the river trip to greenwich , because some of us may go to the university there next year . so we can walk around and see how it looks like in greenwich . 
i am writing to you about the trip to london . all of the students in my class have read through the programmes that you have devised . they are quite interesting , especially the river trip to greenwich , because some of us may go to the university there next year . so we can walk around and see what greenwich looks like . 
all of us want to go to this trip , but some of my classmates saw an advertisement for the london fashion and leisure show , and we all would like to go there . it is from 10 am to 7 p . m . , it is about the latest fashion , leisure and sports wear , make up and hairstyles , all of us are really interesting , and it is free for student to get in as well . it is a really good opportunity to go because most of us are studying fashion design , and we can learn loads of things in there . so may you please change the visit of the science museum to wednesday afternoon , and we can cancel our shopping and free time , so we can go to the fashion show on tuesday . 
all of us want to go on this trip , but some of my classmates saw an advertisement for the london fashion and leisure show , and we would all like to go there . it is from 10 am to 7 p . m . it is about the latest fashion , leisure and sports wear , make-up and hairstyles . all of us are really interested , and it is free for students to get in as well . it is a really good opportunity to go because most of us are studying fashion design , and we can learn loads of things there . so would you please reschedule the visit to the science museum for wednesday afternoon , and we can cancel our shopping and free time , so we can go to the fashion show on tuesday . 
yours faithfully . 
yours sincerely . 
it was dangerous , but i knew i had to do it . 
it was dangerous , but i knew i had to do it . 
it was two years ago , me and my classmates went to a leadership trip in london . this trip was organised by our form tutor , he wanted to test us if we trust each other and worked in a team , and the trip last for 3 days . the first days was going fine , we just had to do some teamwork things . 
it was two years ago , my classmates and i . my classmates and i went on a leadership trip to london . this trip was organised by our form tutor . he wanted to test if we trusted each other and worked in a team , and the trip lasted for 3 days . the first days were fine . we just had to do some teamwork things . 
in the second day , we had to climb up a twenty metres hill with our hands . it was so difficult for me because i was really scared to stand in a high place since i was young . i did not want to climb up but i did not have any choice . so i started to climb really slow and careful , and i climbed about 15 metres quite success , so i tried to climb quicker because the destination was not far away . but after i climbed two steps more , my right feet slipped over , i was nearly fell down , but luckly my hand caught a rock , it was dangerous , but i didn't had any choice , finally i did it . 
on the second day , we had to climb up a twenty-metre hill with our hands . it was so difficult for me because i had been really scared to stand on a high place since i was young . i did not want to climb up but i did not have any choice . so i started to climb really slow and carefully , and i climbed about 15 metres quite successfully , so i tried to climb quicker because the destination was not far away . but after i climbed two steps more , my right foot slipped . i nearly fell , but luckily my hand caught a rock . it was dangerous , but i didn't have any choice . finally i did it . 
dear mr robertson , 
dear mr robertson , 
thank you for the exellent programme you organised for our class . we especially look for make the river trip to greenwich . 
thank you for the excellent programme you have organised for our class . we especially look forward to the river trip to greenwich . 
however we have send an advertisement for the " london fashion and leisure show " , which will take place on the tuesday 14th march from 10 . 00 am to 19 . 00 pm during our trip in london and in which the follow topics will be showed :
however , we have seen an advertisement for the " london fashion and leisure show " , which will take place on tuesday 14th march from 10 . 00 am to 19 . 00 pm during our trip to london and in which the following topics will be shown :
. latest fashion 
. latest fashions 
. leisure and sports wear
. leisure and sports wear
. make up 
. make-up 
. hairstyles
. hairstyles
we would like to inform you that we all extremly interested in this show and that it could be a great opportunity for us because the entrance is free for the studends . 
we would like to inform you that we are all extremely interested in this show and that it could be a great opportunity for us because entrance is free for students . 
we would like to request if we could go to this show on the 15th march instide off the visit in the science museum . we could make this one on the wednesday 15th march afternoon . 
we would like to ask if we could go to this show on the 15th march instead of doing the visit to the science museum . we could do that on the wednesday , 15th march , in the afternoon . 
thank you in advanced for your comprehention and we look forward to hearing for you . 
thank you in advance for your comprehension understanding and we look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
the private life of famous people ! 
the private life of famous people ! 
who have never dreamed to be a famous singer , sportman , actor or a politician ? the success of these people is so big that they are known all over the world . 
who has never dreamed of being a famous singer , sportsman , actor or a politician ? the success of these people is so great that they are known all over the world . 
i think that this kind of people have a poor life because they never can be quiet because all the poeple know them and want to know a lot of things about them . they have always to be careful about what they say and what they do . 
i think that these kinds of people have a poor life because they can never be quiet because all the people everybody knows them and wants to know a lot of things about them . they always have to be careful about what they say and what they do . 
in my opinion i think that if famous people is always followed by journalists it is not the responsability of the media but of the huge quantity of people who are interested in famous people life . firstly , because it is a lot of " scandale magazine readers " . secondly , because they have admiration for them and lastly because they want dreams and see what a " star life " look like . 
i think that if famous people are always followed by journalists it is not the responsibility fault of the media but of the huge number of people who are interested in famous people's lives . firstly , this is because there are a lot of scandal magazine readers . secondly , it is because they have a lot of admiration for them and lastly because they want to dream and see what a " star's life " looks like . 
in conclusion i think that people who are to much interested in other people life have not an interesting life and are unhappy ! 
in conclusion i think that people who are too much interested in other people's lives do not have an interesting life and are unhappy ! 
dear mr robertson ! 
dear mr robertson , 
i'm writting to you to thank you for good programme of our english class in london , especially for river trip to greenwich , it will be a great experience for us . but the students in our class have seen an adverstisement for the " london fashion and leisure show " which'll take place in central exhibition hall , london , on tuesday march 14 from 10 . 00 to 19 . 00 and at the same time we have to go to the science museum but we would all like to go to the show . it will be very interesting for us to see the latest fashions , make up , hairstyles and we can speak to english people and make new friends . there is one more advantage: it is free for students . so we would like to suggest you how the programme could be changed . 
i'm writing to you to thank you for the excellent programme for our english class in london , especially for the river trip to greenwich . it will be a great experience for us . but the students in our class have seen an advertisement for the " london fashion and leisure show " , which will take place in the central exhibition hall , london , on tuesday march 14 from 10 . 00 to 19 . 00 at . at the same time we have to go to the science museum but we would all like to go to the show . it will be very interesting for us to see the latest fashions , make-up , and hairstyles and we can speak to english people and make new friends . there is one more advantage: it is free for students . so we would like to suggest how the programme could be changed . 
first of all on tuesday we all will go to the show and spend there all our day , but on wednesday in the afternoon when we have free time we can go to the science museum if you don't mind , of course . 
first of all on tuesday we will all go to the show and spend there all day all day there , but on wednesday in the afternoon when we have some free time we can go to the science museum , if you don't mind , of course . 
please let us know , as soon as you make your decission . with best wishes , your student . 
please let us know as soon as you make your decision . with best wishes , your student . 
best detective stories of agatha christie
the best detective stories of agatha christie
dear lucas ! 
dear lucas ! 
thank you very much for your letter , i was glad to get it and know a lot of news about you . 
thank you very much for your letter . i was glad to get it and get a lot of news about you . 
first of all i want to congratulate your cousin with fifteenth birthday and with all the best . i hope that it will be good holiday for her , her family and friends . 
first of all i want to congratulate your cousin on fifteenth birthday wish your cousin a happy fifteenth birthday and wish her all the best . i hope that it will be a good holiday for her , her family and friends . 
now about your questions , it is very difficult for me to give any advice you about it , i don't know your cousin very well so i don't know what she prefers reading . but when i was fifteen my favourite book " best detective stories of agatha christie " . so i can recommended you to present this book , because it is very interesting , amuse , sometimes dramatic and mystery book . this book help us to impove our logic , mind , memory and it teaches the reader not to lie , be more honest with other people and pay attention for the smallest details in our life because sometimes it can help us very very much . 
now about your questions , it is very difficult for me to give any advice about it . i don't know your cousin very well so i don't know what she prefers reading . but when i was fifteen my favourite book was " the best detective stories of agatha christie " . so i can recommend you to give give her this book , because it is a very interesting , amusing , sometimes dramatic and mysterious book . this book helps us to improve our logic , mind , and memory and it teaches the reader not to lie , to be more honest with other people and pay attention to the smallest details in our life because sometimes that can help us very very much . 
so i hope i could help you . 
so i hope i have helped you . 
write me as soon as you can . 
write to me as soon as you can . 
with best wishes , your 
with best wishes , yours 
dear mr robertson , 
dear mr robertson , 
i was interested in an advertisement for the london fashion and leisure show and i would really love to go to the show . 
i was interested in an advertisement for the london fashion and leisure show and i would really love to go to the show . 
i am writing to appriciate for the good programme . it was so kind of you to have organised the programme . i would enjoy to see the show , especially a fashion show . i am keen on wearing and drawing some clothes . this show starts on tuesday in central exhibition of london from 10:00 am to 7:00 pm . especially , students are free ! it will be great opportunity for me . i feel that it is such a nice experience and worthy . 
i am writing to appreciate express my appreciation for the good programme . it was so kind of you to have organised the programme . i would enjoy seeing a show , especially a fashion show . i am keen on wearing and drawing some clothes . this show starts on tuesday in the central exhibition of london from 10:00 am to 7:00 pm . especially , entry is free for students ! it will be a great opportunity for me . i feel that it is such a nice experience and worthwhile . 
i would like to suggest idea and change sightseeing by bus on monday , because the english weather is so changeable . if it rains , we will not be pleasant . some of friends would like to go to the british museum and i have not been there before . 
i would like to suggest an idea and change the sightseeing by bus on monday , because the english weather is so changeable . if it rains , we will not be pleased . some of my friends would like to go to the british museum and i have not been there before . 
thank you again and i look forward to hearing from you . 
thank you again and i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
dear friend
dear friend
how are you ? i'm fine . thank you a lot for your letter and i hope you and your family are well . 
how are you ? i'm fine . thank you a lot for your letter and i hope you and your family are well . 
it's a good idea to give a book for your cousin's birthday present . 
it's a good idea to give a book for your cousin's birthday present . 
i would like to recommend 'the old man and the sea' because i've read it when i was teenager . it was such a wonderful story that i remember the old man speaking about human's life between the sea and the man . it may make him think of his future and this book could be very suitable for him . 
i would like to recommend 'the old man and the sea' because i read it when i was teenager . it was such a wonderful story that i remember the old man speaking about human's life between the sea and the man . it may make him think of his future and this book could be very suitable for him . 
let me know if he likes it or not and i hope we'll be able to get together before too long . 
let me know if he likes it or not and i hope we'll be able to get together before too long . 
i'm looking forward to hearing from you
i'm looking forward to hearing from you
love
love
dear mr robertson , 
dear mr robertson , 
i am writing you in relation to our next programme in london from 13th march to 14th march . first at all , it is a pleasure to say that the programme which you so kindly have prepared is very interesting , especially the visit to the national art gallery on wednesday . 
i am writing to you in connection with our next programme in london from 13th march to 14th march . first of all , it is a pleasure to say that the programme which you so kindly have prepared is very interesting , especially the visit to the national art gallery on wednesday . 
on the other hand , our class has recently read an advertisement for the london fashion and leisure show which takes place during our visit to london , on tuesday 14th . this show is a good opportunity to know the latest fashions in several topics like make up , hairstyles and leisure and sports wear . we think that it could be a great chance in order to know british fashion and probably it would give us good information for improving our studies . 
on the other hand , our class has recently seen an advertisement for the london fashion and leisure show , which takes place during our visit to london , on tuesday 14th . this show is a good opportunity to learn about the latest fashions in several areas , like make-up , hairstyles and leisure and sports wear . we think that it could be a great chance to learn about british fashion and probably it would give us good information for improving our studies . 
we would like to know if it could be possible to introduce a little change in our programme . our question is: instead of going to the shopping on tuesday , in the afternoon , could we go to the london fashion and leisure show ? 
we would like to know if it would be possible to introduce a little change in our programme . our question is: instead of going shopping on tuesday , in the afternoon , could we go to the london fashion and leisure show ? 
i hope you will consider our suggestion . i look forward to hearing your reply . 
i hope you will consider our suggestion . i look forward to hearing your reply . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
classroom 5
classroom 5
how will be our future homes ? 
what will our future homes be like ? 
believe it or not , our lives are changing and becoming more complicated every day . the reason of all of this things is the impressionable introduction of the " new technologies " , such as computers , internet or wap technologies . 
believe it or not , our lives are changing and becoming more complicated every day . the reason for all of this thing is the impressionable introduction of the " new technologies " , such as computers , the internet or wap technologies . 
of course , this new facilities will be introduced at home . now , it is already possible to send our shopping list by the computer , and this opption , in the next years , will become the most common once . 
of course , these new technologies will be introduced at home . now , it is already possible to send our shopping list by computer , and this option , in the next few years , will become the most common one . 
the new technologies probably will produce a considerably revolution in some essencial parts of the house . for example , we will have got computerizated ovens , microwaves and freezers , or we will probably have got central heating controled through internet from our office . 
the new technologies will probably produce a considerable revolution in some essential parts of the house . for example , we will have computerized ovens , microwaves and freezers , or we will probably have central heating controlled through the internet from our office . 
despite all of this facilities , there are some home activities that will remain the same , fortunately . who don't like to prepare a cup of tee with traditional kettles , waiting for the boiling watter ? and to read the newspaper at breakfast instead of watching tv ? 
despite all of these facilities , there are some home activities that will remain the same , fortunately . who doesn't like to prepare a cup of tea with traditional kettles , waiting for the boiling water water to boil ? and to read the newspaper at breakfast instead of watching tv ? 
some pleasures must be untouchable ! we are human beings at least , not " new technological " machines ! 
some pleasures must be untouchable ! we are human beings at least , not " new technological " machines ! 
dear mr. robertson
dear mr. robertson
i am a student from your class and i would like to thank you first of all . it's a good programme , especially the visit to the national art gallery . 
i am a student from your class and i would like to thank you first of all : it's a good programme , especially the visit to the national art gallery . 
a few students and me have heard about a fashion and leisure show . that show takes place on 14th march from 10 . 00 - 19 . 00 . they show the latest fashion , leisure and sportswear ands something for the women: make up and hairstyle trends . that show is free for students , so it's also a big advantage . we have it already discussed and we think it would be a great opportunity because a lot of students a very keen ongoing . 
a few students and i have heard about a fashion and leisure show . the show takes place on 14th march from 10 . 00 - 19 . 00 . they will show the latest fashion , leisure and sportswear and something for the women: make-up and hairstyle trends . the show is free for students , and that's also a big advantage . we have already discussed it and we think it would be a great opportunity because a lot of students are very keen on going . 
i know that it is a change . but i have thought about it . on monday we could first go to the sience museum and in the afternoon to greenwich . then we could go sightseeing by bus on wednesday after lunchtime . i think there is no need to go shopping because we can do our shopping in cambridge , as well . 
i know that it involves a change but i have thought about it . on monday we could first go to the science museum and in the afternoon to greenwich . then we could go sightseeing by bus on wednesday after lunch . i think there is no need to go shopping because we can do our shopping in cambridge . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
your sincerely
yours sincerely
who would like to be famous ? 
who would like to be famous ? 
are you dreaming of being a star ? it must be wonderful when you have a lot of money and everybody seems to know you . really ? 
do you dream of being a star ? it must be wonderful when you have a lot of money and everybody seems to know you . but is it really ? 
i think the main problem is that you would lose your private life . that's the price you have to pay nowadays . but you need all the journalists to become famous so the only way is to accept that there are journalists and that they are just doing their job . 
i think the main problem is that you would lose your private life . that's the price you have to pay nowadays . but you need all the journalists to become famous so the only way is to accept that there are journalists and that they are just doing their job . 
no one told you to be famous . if you are famous it was your choice and therefore is a price to pay . of course you have fame and poverty . but then everyone will recognise you when you are walking on the street . 
no one told you to be famous . if you are famous , it was your choice and therefore it is the price you have to pay . of course you have fame and poverty . but then everyone will recognise you when you are walking in the street . 
to sum up i think , if you well-known you have to deal with that . there's no other way . everone knows you because of the journalists so can't just ignore them , can you ? 
to sum up , i think if you are well known you have to deal with that . there's no other way . everyone knows you because of the journalists , so you can't just ignore them , can you ? 
dear mr robertson , 
dear mr robertson , 
i am writing , on behalf of the students in my class , to thank you very much for the trip to london . besides , we would like to go to the london fashion and leisure show , which was advertised in the newspaper " metro " yesterday . 
i am writing , on behalf of the students in my class , to thank you very much for the trip to london . besides , we would like to go to the london fashion and leisure show , which was advertised in the " metro " newspaper yesterday . 
this show takes place at central exhibition hall in london on tuesday 14th march from 10:00 to 19:00 o'clock . all my classmates are very interested in this show , which includes latest fashions , leisure and sports wear , make up , and hair styles . moreover , one of the important thing for us is that entrance fee is free for students , because students are generally short of money . 
this show takes place at the central exhibition hall in london on tuesday 14th march from 10:00 to 19:00 . all my classmates are very interested in this show , which includes the latest fashions , leisure and sports wear , make-up , and hair styles . moreover , one of the important things for us is that entrance is free for students , because students are generally short of money . 
we would like to suggest you change shopping date to wednesday afternoon , because we have free time on wednesday afternoon . 
we would like to suggest you change the shopping trip to wednesday afternoon , because we have some free time on wednesday afternoon . 
we would be very pleased if you could consider our recommendation . 
we would be very pleased if you would consider our recommendation . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
private life for everyone . 
a private life for everyone . 
everyone deserve private life . however most famous people , for example football player and film stars , have not got any privet life . 
everyone deserves a private life . however , most famous people , for example football players and film stars , have not got a private life . 
they feel exhausted to be followed by journalists 
they feel exhausted being followed by journalists . 
even they have an argue with journalists as they sometimes write unreal news . 
they even have arguments with journalists as they sometimes write inaccurate reports . 
on the other hand , some people need journalists to be more famous , because people can have news who are famous through journalists . 
on the other hand , some people need journalists to become more famous , because people can get publicity who are famous who are famous can get publicity through journalists . 
as a result , journalists should respect their life and always write real news . 
in conclusion , journalists should respect their lives and always write accurate reports . 
dear mr robertson , 
dear mr robertson , 
i am writing in behalf of my class- maid about the programme you had organised for us . 
i am writing on behalf of my classmate classmates about the programme you have organised for us . 
we all want to thank you for having choose such good places in london . we are especially excited about the river trip to greenwich which will be in the first day . 
we all want to thank you for having chosen such good places in london . we are especially excited about the river trip to greenwich which will be on the first day . 
i would particularly like to talk about the second day . we really liked the programme , but we have seen an advertisement for london fashion and leisure show that will happen on tuesday and we are very interested in go . as you know our class are composed by girls and it would be very exciting for us if we can have a look on the latest fashions , make up and so on . 
i would particularly like to talk about the second day . we really like the programme , but we have seen an advertisement for the london fashion and leisure show that will take place on tuesday and we are very interested in going . as you know our class is composed of girls and it would be very exciting for us if we could have a look at the latest fashions , makeup and so on . 
although we would like to visit the science museum , we can leave it to the next opportunity , what we suggested to do is intead of going to the museum in the morning we go to the leisure show and keep the afternoon programme the same . 
although we would like to visit the science museum , we can leave it to the next opportunity . what we suggest doing is instead of going to the museum in the morning we go to the leisure show and keep the afternoon programme the same . 
we hope you accept this change for good . 
we hope you accept this change . 
we are looking forward to hearing from you as soon as possible 
we are looking forward to hearing from you as soon as possible . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
it was dangerous , but i knew i had to do it . 
it was dangerous , but i knew i had to do it . 
last summer i went to amazon on an expedition with other 10 people , such as a guide , a doctor , a scientist &amp; all the rest as me were just curious . 
last summer i went to the amazon on an expedition with 10 other people : a guide , a doctor , a scientist &amp; all the rest of us like me were just curious . 
we walked all day and took rest in the evenings . we were not allowed to leave out tents during the night or until the day start , because of the dangerous animals which leave there . but for me it was the most exciting moment . one can be really amazed by the view . 
we walked all day and rested in the evenings . we were not allowed to leave our tents during the night or until the day starts started , because of the dangerous animals which live there . but for me it was the most exciting moment . one can be really amazed by the view . 
one day at five o'clock in the morning i stepped out of my tent without seen and started walking towards the river , because i want take some photographs of the sun rise . the view took my breath of when suddenly something took my breath . it was a panther . i was petrified because it looked as she was very hungry . i knew i could not do any moviment for my safety but i did and for my surprise it run away . 
one day at five o'clock in the morning i stepped out of my tent without being seen and started walking towards the river , because i wanted to take some photographs of the sunrise . the view was taking my breath away when suddenly something took my breath away . it was a panther . i was petrified because it looked as if it was very hungry . i knew i could not make any movement for my safety but i did and to my surprise it runs ran away . 
dear mr. robertson thank you for your good programme for english class , especially it is well-organised and has many different places we can go and we can see . all of us in english class look forward to visiting these places . however , we'd like to ask about london fashion and leisure show that we've seen an advertisement on this week college newspaper . we would appreciate it if you could give us a chance to go there while we are visiting in london . it should be a great opportunity for us because we can see the latest fashions , leisure and sports wear , make up and hairstyles , as you know , this year is our final year and most of us would like to get a job straight away after this course . we've been worried about our future career and we believe that we need some preparation for it such as dress and hairstyle for an interview . and mostly , it should a great opportunity for the art students who are attending english class . most of students in our class are studying fashion as full-time . especially , it does not cost at all for students . but the only problem for the show is the date which is on tuesday 14 march from 10 . 00 to 19 . 00 . as we're considering your programme we're supposed to go science museum and shopping . we're thinking that we can go to these place the next following day . but mr. robertson , these our suggestions are depended on your programme , we're just suggesting . again we're so sorry that we give you an inconvience for your plan and thank you for considering us . we are look forward to hearing from you yours sincerely , 
dear mr. robertson thank you for your good programme for the english class , especially since it is well-organised and has many different places we can go and we can see . all of us in the english class look forward to visiting these places . however , we'd like to ask about london fashion and leisure show that we've seen an advertisement for in this week's college newspaper . we would appreciate it if you could give us a chance to go there while we are visiting london . it should be a great opportunity for us because we can see the latest fashions , leisure and sportswear , make-up and hairstyles . as you know , this year is our final year and most of us would like to get a job straight away after this course . we've been worried about our future career and we believe that we need some preparation for it such as advice about dress and hairstyle for an interview . and mostly , it should be a great opportunity for the art students who are attending english class . most students in our class are studying fashion full-time . especially , it does not cost anything at all for students . but the only problem with the show is the date which is on tuesday 14 march from 10 . 00 to 19 . 00 . as we're considering your programme we're supposed to go to the science museum and shopping . we're thinking that we can go to these places the following day . but mr. robertson , these suggestions depend on your programme , we're just suggesting . again we're so sorry that we are giving are causing you inconvenience regarding your plan and thank you for considering us . we are looking forward to hearing from you yours sincerely , 
the home of the future . 
the home of the future . 
have you ever thought about our future home ? 
have you ever thought about our future home ? 
living in a high building ! but we could have everying we want to . home might be a mixture with moden styles and natural view as well . 
living in a high building ! but we could have everything we want . home might be a mixture with modern styles and a natural appearance as well . 
these days a lot of contries have been worried about lands that can't have enough place to build houses . the prises for lands are getting increasing it's because of this reason . 
these days a lot of countries have been worried about lands that can't have enough space to build houses . the prices for land are increasing because of this . 
so i think that the future home could be considered this points . i mean most of home are going to be in a building like a flat . maybe it is right say that in a flat instead of a building . i believe there are a lot of high buildings now in japan . most of them are flats which have at lest 20 floors . it means japanese are planning for the future home . 
so i think that the future home could be considered this points . i mean most homes are going to be in a building like a flat . maybe it is right to say in a flat instead of a building . i believe there are a lot of high buildings now in japan . most of them are flats which have at least 20 floors . it means the japanese are planning for the future home . 
but what my imagination is that these flats'll have many functions such as offices , leisure centre , shopping centre even school . because we are living in computerlised life , so we'll able to do most things at home or these flats'll have these places as well . 
but what i imagine is that these flats'll have many functions such as offices , leisure centre , shopping centre even school . because we are living a computerised life , we'll able to do most things at home or these flats'll have these places as well . 
but one more thing , i believe these flats'll have a park for people who'll be living in there . and because it'll be a big building we'll able to see a whole view through the window . 
but one more thing , i believe these flats'll have a park for people who'll be living in them . and because it'll be a big building we'll be able to see a great view through the window . 
in conclusion , our future home will have a natural view like these days home and give people a new technological home life . 
in conclusion , our future home will have a natural appearance like today's homes and give people a new technological home life . 
dear mr. robertson , 
dear mr. robertson , 
i have heard you organised such a nice programme especially river trip and museum for our class . i would like to thank you for doing that on behalf of my classmates . 
i have heard you organised such a nice programme , especially the river trip and museum , for our class . i would like to thank you for doing that on behalf of my classmates . 
by the way , our classmates have seen an advertisement for the london fashion and leisure show . it will show us the latest fashions , leisure and sports wear . in addition , make up and hairstyles shows will take place at the same time . we think it would be a wonderful chance to have a new experience . what is better , all students can participate without paying . it takes place at central exhibition hall in london . and it starts from 10 to 19 on 14th of march . so we would like to suggest you to put this programme into the morning time on tuesday instead of science museum and put science museum into free time on wednesday . 
by the way , our classmates have seen an advertisement for the london fashion and leisure show . it will show us the latest fashions , leisure and sports wear . in addition , make-up and hairstyle shows will take place at the same time . we think it would be a wonderful chance to have a new experience . what is even better , is that all students can participate without paying . it takes place at central exhibition hall in london . and it starts from 10 to 19 on 14th of march . so we would like to suggest you put this event into the morning time on tuesday instead of the science museum and put the science museum into free time on wednesday . 
i hope you will consider our suggestion . i look forward to hearing from you . 
i hope you will consider our suggestion . i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
much safer but still at home
much safer but still at home
our homes have change with many comfortable things compare with the past . as many inventors made lots of things , we can live in good facilites houses: but do you think no more comfortable homes will be built ? 
our homes have changed with many comfortable things compared with the past . as many inventors made lots of things , we can live in good facilities well-equipped houses: but do you think no more comfortable homes will be built ? 
our homes will be different in the way to protect our family from theives . for example , now we have a security safety like a bell or button . but in the future , we'll use our eyes or finger prints through the special space to enter inside . that is , our security system will be much stronger . on the other hand , what migh still be the same is to have good places to take a rest at home , such as a beautiful garden , a small terrace . because it is a instinct that people prefer comfortable place and want to take a rest in a peaceful place . 
our homes will be different in order to protect our family from theives . for example , now we have a security safety like a bell or button . but in the future , we'll use our eyes or finger prints through the special space to enter inside . that means , our security system will be much stronger . on the other hand , what might still be the same is to have good places to take a rest at home , such as a beautiful garden , a small terrace . because it is an instinct that people prefer comfortable places and want to take a rest in a peaceful place . 
to conclude , while our homes in the future will be much safer than before , they will still have good spaces for us to be at home . 
to conclude , while our homes in the future will be much safer than before , they will still have good spaces for us to be at home . 
dear mr robertson , 
dear mr robertson , 
i am writing on behalf of my class to thank you about the programme you organised for our trip to london . we all think it is a good programme , especially the fact that it combines leisure and culture . however , we saw an advertisment for " the london fashion and leisure show " and we would all like to go and see it . 
i am writing on behalf of my class to thank you for the programme you organised for our trip to london . we all think it is a good programme , especially because of the fact that it combines leisure and culture . however , we saw an advertisement for " the london fashion and leisure show " and we would all like to go and see it . 
first of all , you might not know what this show is . in fact , it is a big exhibition of the latest fashions , leisure and sports wear , make up and hairstyles . it would be interesting for us to see all that " live " , rather than on tv . furthermore , it is a great opportunity for us because the entry is free for students so it will not affect the budget . the show takes place on 14th march from 10 o'clock to 7 o'clock . we all think that it would be most enjoyable to go to the science museum until about 11 o'clock and then move to the show . it would be a good idea to leave at about 5 or 6 o'clock so that we can go shopping for a while . 
first of all , you might not know what this show is about . in fact , it is a big exhibition of the latest fashions , leisure and sports wear , make-up and hairstyles . it would be interesting for us to see all that " live " , rather than on tv . furthermore , it is a great opportunity for us because entry is free for students so it will not affect the budget . the show takes place on 14th march from 10 o'clock to 7 o'clock . we all think that it would be most enjoyable to go to the science museum until about 11 o'clock and then move on to the show . it would be a good idea to leave at about 5 or 6 o'clock so that we can go shopping for a while . 
we all hope you will be able to find a good solution without causing too much trouble . 
we all hope you will be able to find a good solution without causing too much trouble . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
terror in the alps
terror in the alps
it was dangerous , but i knew i had to do it . we had been trapped in the snowy , almost vertical slopes of the " tte blanche " for more than ten hours by then . we were there , alone , my friend with his broken leg and myself . 
it was dangerous , but i knew i had to do it . we had been trapped in the snowy , almost vertical slopes of the " tte blanche " for more than ten hours by then . we were there , alone , my friend with his broken leg and myself . 
we had decided to climb that more than 3'700 -metre-high mountain near arolla in switzerland two weeks beforehand . we had been preparing the trip for several days when we started to climb the mountain , on that 4th of september 1995 . it all went as expected and we reached the summit in six hours . however , it started to go wrong after one hour of downhill walking . my friend fell down and badly hit his leg against a rock . we could immediatly see that it was broken . he couldn't move any more and my mobilephone was not able to find a proper network . we were trapped ! 
we had decided to climb that more than 3 , 700 -metre-high mountain near arolla in switzerland two weeks beforehand . we had been preparing the trip for several days when we started to climb the mountain , on the 4th of september 1995 . it all went as expected and we reached the summit in six hours . however , it started to go wrong after one hour of downhill walking . my friend fell down and badly hit his leg against a rock . we could immediately see that it was broken . he couldn't move any more and my mobile phone was not able to find a proper network . we were trapped ! 
i finally decided to carry him on my back on the way back to the rescue chalet . it was dangerous because of the steepness of the slope and we risked falling down all the time . however , we would have frozen to death if we had stood where we were . after ten more exhausting hours of walking we finally reached the chalet , from which we were able to call a helicopter . we were safe ! 
i finally decided to carry him on my back back to the rescue chalet . it was dangerous because of the steepness of the slope and we risked falling down all the time . however , we would have frozen to death if we had stayed where we were . after ten more exhausting hours of walking we finally reached the chalet , from where we were able to call a helicopter . we were safe ! 
dear mr. robertson , 
dear mr. robertson , 
as you are probably aware of our english class is going to spend three days in london . the programme has already been organized by you and i have to say you have made us a very nice schedule . the river trip to greenwich is certainly something we are all looking forward to , but due to the london fashion and leisure show , my class asked me to propose a change in our schedule . 
as you are probably aware our english class is going to spend three days in london . the programme has already been organized by you and i have to say you have drawn up us a very nice schedule drawn up a very nice schedule for us . the river trip to greenwich is certainly something we are all looking forward to , but because of the london fashion and leisure show , my class have asked me to suggest a change in our schedule . 
this show consists of a big fair in the central exhibition hall in which we will have the opportunity of seeing the latest releases on sports wear , make up , hairstyles . i believe it could be an enriching experience for all of us . we would be having fun , meeting the locals and practising our english at the same time . furthermore , we would be speaking english outside school . 
this show consists of a big fair in the central exhibition hall in which we will have the opportunity of seeing the latest releases in sportswear , make up and hairstyles . i believe it could be an enriching experience for all of us . we would have fun , meet the locals and practise our english at the same time . furthermore , we would be speaking english outside school . 
the event will take place on tuesday , 14th of march , so instead of going to the science museum and then going shopping , we could spend the day visiting the show . our free time on wednesday could be spent in the museum . 
the event will take place on tuesday , 14th of march , so instead of going to the science museum and then going shopping , we could spend the day visiting the show . our free time on wednesday could be spent at the museum . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
best detective stories of agatha christie
best detective stories by agatha christie
dear sarah , 
dear sarah , 
i'm sorry it took me so long to write you back , but i have being very busy lately : anyway , on your last letter you asked me whether . best detective stories of agatha christie would be or not a good present for your cousin . well , having read the book before , i can say it would be a great idea ! 
i'm sorry it took me so long to write back to you , but i have been very busy lately . anyway , in your last letter you asked me whether best detective stories by agatha christie would be a good present or not for your cousin . well , having read the book before , i can say it would be a great idea ! 
you told me your cousin likes suspense books and stories , the ones you keep trying to figure it out who is the killer . agatha christie's stories just couldn't be more suitable for your cousin . specially because there isn't just one story , but a whole lot of them . personally speaking , i think they selected the best ones to be published . 
you told me your cousin likes suspense books and stories , the ones in which you keep trying to figure out who is the killer . agatha christie's stories just couldn't be more suitable for your cousin . especially because there isn't just one story , but a whole lot of them . personally speaking , i think they selected the best ones to be published . 
now , tell me more about you . are you already on holidays . my school has finished , but i'll need to sit a big exam at the end of this month so that i can go into college . my parents and i will spend our holidays in australia and i just couldn't be happier ! i just can't wait to go abroad for the first time ! 
now , tell me more about you . are you already on holiday ? my school has finished , but i'll need to sit a big exam at the end of this month so that i can go to college . my parents and i will spend our holidays in australia and i just couldn't be happier ! i just can't wait to go abroad for the first time ! 
i think that's all about it . write soon . 
i think that's all about it . write soon . 
merry xmas and great new year ! 
merry xmas and happy new year ! 
love
love
dear mr. robertson , 
dear mr. robertson , 
as we have seen the advertisment of the programmed the school set for us as a farewell activities , we are very appreciate and would like to thank for your kindness , as all of them are very interesting and give us a chance to meet and join the other class which we hardly done it before . 
as we have seen the advertisement for the programme the school arranged for us as a farewell activity , we are very appreciative and would like to thank you for your kindness , as all of them are very interesting and give us a chance to meet and join the other class , which we have hardly done at all . 
however , on the march 14 , there is the " london fashion and leisure show " , which is also interesting for us . as you know all of us in this class are preparing to go in for the art &amp; design school in the next semester . so this is a great oppotunity for us to get used to the real world of fashion design , because in this show there will have a fashion show , a demonstation from make up artists , and a contest for hair stylist . furthermore , most of the famouse brand of sport were companies will join in this exhibition with their new product for the coming season . 
however , on march 14 , there is the " london fashion and leisure show " , which is also interesting for us . as you know all of us in this class are preparing to go in for the art &amp; design school in the next semester . so this is a great opportunity for us to get used to the real world of fashion design , because in this show there will be a fashion show , a demonstration from make-up artists , and a contest for hair stylists . furthermore , most of the famous brand of sportswear companies will be at this exhibition with their new products for the coming season . 
we would like to know if all of us can join in this event . we all agree that we are going to join the school trip to science museum , which is the most interesting trip for us . anyway , intstead of go shopping in the afternoon session , we will attend the show . this is the solution that we all think it will be the less effected to the other students , as the school do not need to re-arrange all the trip just because of our special interesting . 
we would like to know if all of us can go to this event . we all agree that we are going on the school trip to the science museum , which is the most interesting trip for us . anyway , instead of going shopping in the afternoon session , we will attend the show . this is the solution that we all think will be the least effective to the other students , as the school do not need to re-arrange the whole trip just because of our special interest . 
we hope much that you understand , and would like to thank in advance for your cooperation . 
we hope very much that you understand , and would like to thank you in advance for your cooperation . 
we looking forward to hearing from you soon . 
we look forward to hearing from you soon . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
i had never wanted to be a hero
i had never wanted to be a hero
it was dangerous , but i know i had to do it . even though all of my friends who were with me in that day all said " just let it go , it's just only a puppy . why do you have to take a risk ? " it seemed that all of them didn't have any sympathy to that lovely blue eyes puppy that somebody who have no mercy just left it there , in a highway . 
it was dangerous , but i knew i had to do it . even though all of my friends who were with me on that day said , " just let it go , it's only a puppy . why do you have to take a risk ? " it seemed that none of them had any sympathy for that lovely blue-eyed puppy that somebody who had no mercy had just left there , on a highway . 
if you imagine how dangerous you were while you had to stop your car and got off the car on the highway where there were only car at least 120 km/hr running along your side . it was true that small dog were in danger , but your life was in that situation as well once you decide to do that brave thing . all my body was shaking , and i would almost have turned back to my car if i didn't here that small creature cry as if he wanted me to be his owner . 
if you imagine how dangerous you were while you had to stop your car and got out of the car on the highway where there were only car at least 120 km/hr running along your side . it was true that small dog was in danger , but your life would be in that situation as well once you decided to do that brave thing . my whole body was shaking , and i would almost have turned back to my car if i hadn't hear heard that small creature cry as if he wanted me to be his owner . 
so i just crossed the road , and jumped , picked him up . i feel like i was a hero at that moment , even though i'd never though of it before . 
so i just crossed the road , jumped , and picked him up . i felt like i was a hero at that moment , even though i'd never thought of it before . 
dear mr robertson , 
dear mr robertson , 
we would like to thank you for all the time you have spend for us in order to organize the programme that we should follow during three days that we are going to spending london . 
we would like to thank you for all the time you have spent in order to organize the programme that we will follow during the three days that we are going to spend in london . 
we all believe that is a great programme which concludes both education and free time . 
we all believe that it is a great programme , which includes both education and free time . 
we would like to inform you that we notice an advertisement for the london fashion and leisure show . this show is going to take place in the central exhibition hall of london on tuesday , march 14 between the hours 10 . 00-19 . 00 , and we would like to ask you if it is possible to go to that show . 
we would like to inform you that we see have seen an advertisement for the london fashion and leisure show . this show is going to take place in the central exhibition hall of london on tuesday , march 14 , between the hours 10 . 00-19 . 00 , and we would like to ask you if it is possible to go to that show . 
we think that is a great opportunity and we are all very interesting to go because we can see there the latest fashions , leisure and sports wear , lot kinds of make up and some of the famous hairstylers . the show is absolutly free for students . 
we think that this is a great opportunity and we are all very interested in going because we can see there the latest fashions , leisure and sports wear , a lot of different kinds of make-up and some famous hairstylists . the show is absolutely free for students . 
as a class we suggest to go to this show on tuesday , march 14 morning and to visit the science museum on wednesday afternoon during our free time . if that of course is possible . 
as a class we suggest going to this show on tuesday , march 14 , in the morning , and visiting the science museum on wednesday afternoon during our free time . if that is possible . 
we all like to thank you again . 
we would all like to thank you again . 
in the year 2000 media is one of the most powerful things on the planet . the media is everywhere , televisions , radio stations , newspapers , magazines all have one goal , to inform the citizens . 
in the year 2000 the media is one of the most powerful things on the planet . the media is everywhere , television . television , radio stations , newspapers , and magazines all have one goal , to inform the citizens . 
some of them , however are not doing their job probably . they don't inform people about news , education or documentaries . they just published gossips about famous people , such as politicians , musicians and film stars . 
some of them , however , are not doing their job probably . they don't provide people with news , education or documentaries . they just publish gossip about famous people , such as politicians , musicians and film stars . 
i believe all the people famous or not , deserve to have private life without journalists to following them all the time . they are humans like all of us with their problems , their good and bad times and of course they don't want to be publish them in front of millions of people because a journalist thought that this is right . and good for his pocket . 
i believe all people , famous or not , deserve to have a private life without journalists following them all the time . they are humans like all of us , with their problems , their good and bad times , and of course they don't want to publish them in front of millions of people because a journalist thought that this would be right , and good for his pocket . 
i think the only way of change that is , the people , if the people shows no interest the journalist would have no goal of publish any gossips because is not going to be watch or read by anyone . so the power is to the people . 
i think the only way of changing that is if the people show no interest because then the journalist would have no reason to publish any gossip because it would not be watched or read by anyone . so the power is with the people . 
dear mr. robertson . 
dear mr. robertson , 
i and all of my college have read your programme , which you organised for us , for our three days trip to london . 
i and all of my colleague colleagues have read your programme , which you organised for us , for our three-day trip to london . 
we all think the programme is organised well , especially we're so keen on the idea to go to the national art gallery , to see work of the bigest painters on the world . 
we all think the programme is organised well , in particular . in particular we're so keen on the idea of going to the national art gallery , to see the work of the biggest greatest painters in the world . 
i'm writing to you , because we saw a great advetisement for the london fashion and leisure show and we really would like to go to see that show . 
i'm writing to you because we saw a great advertisement for the london fashion and leisure show and we really would like to go to see that show . 
the show will be in central exhibition hall on tuesday , 14th of march between 10 . 00 pm to 19 . 00 pm . 
the show will be in the central exhibition hall on tuesday , the 14th of march , from 10 . 00 pm to 19 . 00 pm . 
i think it's a great opportunity because , we will have a chance to se the latest fashion , leisure and sport wear , and as well the way to do the perfect make up and hairstyl . in my opinion , we can have a great time there , and entrence is free of charge for students , what is very important as well . 
i think it's a great opportunity , because we will have a chance to see the latest fashion , leisure and sports wear , and also the way to do the perfect make-up and hairstyle . in my opinion , we can have a great time there , and entrance is free of charge for students , which is very important as well . 
i'm wondering if there is any possibility to go on that show on tuesday afternoon , and move our shopping to next day . 
i'm wondering if there is any possibility to go to that show on tuesday afternoon , and move our shopping to the next day . 
i hope you'll think about our proposition and consider to change the programme . 
i hope you'll think about our proposal and consider changing the programme . 
your faithfully 
yours sincerely 
'my perfect holiday'
'my perfect holiday'
'it was dangerous , but i knew i had to do it'
'it was dangerous , but i knew i had to do it'
my story began on my holiday . it was nice , hot summer so i and two friends of mine have decided to go for holiday this year to the see side . 
my story begins during my holiday . it was a nice , hot summer so i and two friends of mine decided to go on holiday this year to the sea side seaside . 
we thought with that beutiful weather the seeside is just perfect for relax , sunbathing and joy . 
we thought that with that beautiful weather the seaside would be just perfect for relaxation , sunbathing and joy . 
however the truth was a little bit diffrent . 
however , the truth was a little bit different . 
the things started happening from the first day we arrived . 
things started happening from the day we arrived . 
the weather had changed suttendly , and there was no more sun , but strong wind and rain . 
the weather had changed suddenly , and there was no more sun , but strong wind and heavy rain . 
despide of that we were still thinking optimisticly . 
despite that we were still thinking optimistically . 
we were thinking is so many other activites to relax and enjoy ourself then sunbathing on the beach . 
we were thinking is so many other activities to relax and enjoy ourselves then sunbathing on the beach . 
we went to few exhibitions , night clubs , restaurants around area and we really had a fun . 
we went to a few exhibitions , nightclubs , and restaurants around the area and we really had fun . 
in the end , the weather got better , so we decided to go to the beach . 
in the end , the weather got better , so we decided to go to the beach . 
everything was showing , today was going to be a good , sunny day . 
everything was suggesting today was going to be a good , sunny day . 
we went for swimming . 
we went swimming . 
then again in a few minutes the weather changed and strong storm begun . 
then in a few minutes the weather changed and a big storm began . 
the sky went completly black , so at first it was difficult to see , where everybody is . 
the sky went completely black , so at first it was difficult to see where everybody was . 
i look around and i relised one friend of mine is still in the see , and fighting with storm , trying to get to the side . 
i looked around and i realised a friend of mine was still in the sea , and fighting against the storm , trying to get to the shore . 
i didn't think just went to save my friend . 
i didn't think . i just went in to save my friend . 
everything was looking so dangerous but fortunetly ended good . 
everything was looking so dangerous but fortunately it ended well . 
that was the end of our holiday , and next year for sure we won't be going to the see side . 
that was the end of our holiday , and next year definitely we we definitely won't be going to the sea side seaside . 
dear mr robertson , 
dear mr robertson , 
firstly , i am being the representative of my class to thanks for organising a good programme in london , especially the visiting of science museum and national art gallery . we know that it is a good chance for us to learn more different things and can widen our knowledge in the science museum . in addition , we can appreciate and enjoy the art in national art gallery . unfortunately , i know that most of the students have already visited this two places before . so we decide to choose the other programme which have seen as an entertainment . it is the london fashion and leisure show . the show is hold at central exhibition hall , london . the date is on tuesday march 14 , from 10 . 00-19 . 00 . it shows the latest fashions including leisure and sports wear . in spite of these , there is also make up and hairstyles which attract girls most . 
firstly , i am being the representative of my class to thank you for organising a good programme in london , especially the visit to the science museum and national art gallery . we know that it is a good chance for us to learn more different things and we can widen our knowledge in the science museum . in addition , we can appreciate and enjoy the art in the national art gallery . unfortunately , i know that most of the students have already visited these two places before . so we decided to choose another event which have seen as an entertainment . it is the london fashion and leisure show . the show will be held at the central exhibition hall , london . the date is tuesday march 14 , from 10 . 00-19 . 00 . it shows the latest fashions , including leisure and sports wear . in spite of this , there are also make-up and hairstyles , which attract girls most . 
secondly , the show is a great opportunity because it holds only 1 day which is tuesday march 14 . and , it is free for students . so i think it is worth visiting . 
secondly , the show is a great opportunity because it is held for only 1 day , which is tuesday march 14 . and it is free for students . so i think it is worth visiting . 
personally , here is my some suggestions about how the programme could be changed . we can join the programme that you planned as usual and we go to that fashion show on tuesday . 
personally , here are some suggestions about how the programme could be changed . we can follow the programme that you planned as usual and then we go to that fashion show on tuesday . 
finally , the above information is my opinion and i hope you can accept it . 
finally , the above information is my opinion and i hope you can accept it . 
thanks for your kind attention . 
thanks for your kind attention . 
your sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
how is the home of the future will be ? remain the same , as usual or have a great difference ? 
how is the home of the future will be ? will it remain the same , or have a great difference ? 
for me , i think people's home may not be built on the ground . the home will be built on the sky - so as to save more land to build the other buildings . as the home is built on the sky . it will save a lot of electricity as solar energy is used . 
for me , i think people's homes may not be built on the ground . the homes will be built in the sky - so as to save more land to build the other buildings . as the homes are will be built in the sky , it will save a lot of electricity as solar energy will be used . 
and , there should be a electrical servant in everyone's home . so there's no need for people to do the household work . there should be no beds at home because some pills are invented to make people not sleepy . if you're tire , the pill can give you vitamin , protein and make you refresh 
and there should be an a robotic servant in everyone's home . so there'll be no need for people to do the housework . there will be no beds at home because some pills will be invented to prevent people not prevent people becoming sleepy . if you're tired , the pill can give you vitamins , proteins and make you refreshed . 
for electrical goods , there will be no any kind of electrical products except computer . people will do anything on the computer , including watching tv , listen to music , chat with people . as the computer is being as a multi-functional products . 
regarding electrical goods , there will not be any kind of electrical product except computers . people will do everything on the computer , including watching tv , listening to music , and chatting with people , as the computer is a multi-functional product . 
on the other hand , there're some ways that remain the same . the toilet should remain the same as people need to use daily and nothing can replace it . second , there should be friends and family members in the home to provide joyful and fun . since friends and family members won't change and replace , by anything . 
on the other hand , there're some things that remain the same . the toilet should remain the same as people need to use it daily and nothing can replace it . second , there should be friends and family members in the home to provide joy and fun . since friends and family members won't change or be replaced by anything . 
these are my imagination . i really wonder how the home of the future will be . 
these are my imaginations . i really wonder how the home of the future will be . 
dear mr robertson , 
dear mr robertson , 
i'm writing to you to thank you for the organising our programme for a trip to london , i'm student at college of economics and i was chosen to write to you about this matter . 
i'm writing to you to thank you for organising our programme for a trip to london . i'm a student at the college of economics and i have been chosen to write to you about this matter . 
our class really appreciate for preparing this programme , especially for monday's atraction . we are extremaly interested in wisiting london . the idea of sightseeing by bus would be a great possibility for us to know better our wonderful capitol . although we are excited about the scientic , i would like you to ask , if it would be possible to change our schedule a little bit . in last edition of 'london's guide' we saw an advert of 'the london fasion and leisure show' , which will be held on tuesday and it lasted from 10 a . m . to 7 p . m . the offer mentiones 'latest fasions ' , which we are incredible interested in . in addition it recommends also 'leisure and sports wear' . thing which attract us the most are : ' make up ' and 'hairstyles' . we strongly recommend it , because students' admission is free . i'm convinced that you agree with us and we take part in this show . 
our class really appreciate your preparing this programme , especially with regard to monday's attraction . we are extremely interested in visiting london . sightseeing by bus will be a great opportunity for us to get to know better the wonderful capital the wonderful capital better . although we are excited about the scientic , i would like to ask you if it would be possible to change our schedule a little bit . in the last edition of 'london's guide' we saw an advert for 'the london fashion and leisure show' , which will be held on tuesday and it lasts from 10 a . m . to 7 p . m . the offer mentions the 'latest fashions ' , which we are incredibly interested in . in addition it recommends also the 'leisure and sports wear' . things the things which attract us the most are ' make-up ' and 'hairstyles' . we strongly recommend it , because students' admission is free . i'm convinced that you will agree with us and we attend will attend this show . 
we would be terribly grateful , if you accept our offer . 
we would be terribly grateful if you accepted agreed with our suggestion . 
i'm looking forward to hearing from you . 
i'm looking forward to hearing from you . 
nowedays famous people don't have an easy life . they are always attacted by naughty journalists , which have aspiration to earn big money for writing an extremaly good report , or article . 
nowadays famous people don't have an easy life . they are always attracted by naughty journalists , which have a desire to earn big money for writing an extremely good report or article . 
to begin with , we enjoy reading gossips about famous stars and politicians , although they sometimes aren't truly . in addition we are fascinated in their marriage , children , holidays etc . what is more it was their own choice to become popular and well-known . by chosing this style of life they should realise , how their life would look like . 
to begin with , we enjoy reading gossip about famous stars and politicians , although they sometimes aren't true . in addition we are fascinated by their marriages , children , holidays etc . what is more it was their own choice to become popular and well known . when choosing this style of life they should realise how their life would be like what their life would be like . 
on the other hand , their life has no privaty . in spite of being incredibly famous , they might feel very anxiously and lonely . they are always under high pressure in their every-day life , because they are afraid of being recognise . 
on the other hand , their life has no privacy . in spite of being incredibly famous , they might feel very anxious and lonely . they are always under great pressure in their everyday life , because they are afraid of being recognised . 
some people may argue , but i think , that politicions and films-stars belong to the public . in conclusion , i belive that we have right to be informed about their life , providing that journalists respect some important rules . 
some people may argue , but i think that politicians and film stars belong to the public . in conclusion , i believe that we have a right to be informed about their lives , providing that journalists respect some important rules . 
dear mr robertson
dear mr robertson
our class is looking forward to going to london next week . the programme which you've organised we find very interesting especially the river trip to greenwich . thank you very much for it . 
our class is looking forward to going to london next week . we find the programme which you've organised very interesting , especially the river trip to greenwich . thank you very much for it . 
there is only one thing that we'd like to change , if you wouldn't mind . we've read an advertisement about london fashion and leisure show which will take place on tuesday , march 14 from 10 oo to 19 oo . the latest fashions will be shown there and many useful tips about make-up and hairstyles will be given . 
there is only one thing that we'd like to change , if you wouldn't mind . we've read an advertisement about the london fashion and leisure show which will take place on tuesday , march 14 from 10 . 00 to 19 . 00 . the latest fashions will be shown there and many useful tips about make-up and hairstyles will be given . 
according over programme we have a free time on wednesday , march 15 . so we'd like to go to a disco and this fashion show would be a great opportunity for us to learn something about styling . as we are from the small town we don't have any possibility to learn about this . 
according to your programme we have some free time on wednesday , march 15 . so we'd like to go to a disco and this fashion show would be a great opportunity for us to learn something about styling . as we are from a small town we don't have any opportunity to learn about this . 
we suggest to visit the science museum on monday after the sightseeing tour by bus . we think we'll find one free hour befor the river trip . it would be a good solution . we hope you are agree with us . 
we suggest visiting the science museum on monday after the sightseeing tour by bus . we think we'll have one free hour before the river trip . it would be a good solution . we hope you agree with us . 
your class
your class
in every country there are the famous people who are in the middle of the public attention . they are always expected to be beautiful , intelligent , good-looking . this is very stressful . 
in every country there are famous people who are the centre of public attention . they are always expected to be beautiful , intelligent , good-looking . this is very stressful . 
that's why it's very important for these people to have a private life without journalists where they can relax and where they don't need to be superstars . 
that's why it's very important for these people to have a private life without journalists where they can relax and where they don't need to be superstars . 
to have a private life is the natural desire of everyone and the famous film stars or politicians have a right for it . otherwise they can get soul problems , fall in deep depressions . 
to have a private life is the natural desire of everyone and the famous film stars and politicians have a right to one . otherwise they can suffer soul problems , and fall into deep depression . 
i think that it must be awful to know that you are observed by journalists or other people , your fans for example all 24 hours in a day , and the all things you do in your life are published and the whole world knows who is your friend , where you go shopping , who you love in and who you sleep with . on my opinion this is the worst thing that can ever happen . 
i think that it must be awful to know that you are observed by journalists or other people , your fans for example , 24 hours a day , and all the things you do in your life are published and the whole world knows who are your friends your friends are , where you go shopping , who you love and who you sleep with . in my opinion this is the worst thing that can ever happen . 
i think we should have a little bit respect for the famous people and let them some time for their private life . 
i think we should have a little bit of respect for famous people and leave them some time for their private lives . 
dear mr robertson , 
dear mr robertson , 
i am writing with reference to the trip to london on the 13th , 14th and 15th march . 
i am writing with reference to the trip to london on the 13th , 14th and 15th march . 
firstly , i would like to thank you very much for the good programme you have organised for my class . we are especially looking forward to join the river trip to greenwich and the sightseeing by bus . 
firstly , i would like to thank you very much for the excellent programme you have organised for my class . we are especially looking forward to go on going on the river trip to greenwich and to the sightseeing by bus . 
secondly , i have seen an advertisement in the times about the london fashion and leisure show . it will be attended in the central exhibition hall in london on tuesday 14 . my class and i are all interested in it and we would like to go there to have a visit . 
secondly , i have seen an advertisement in the times about the london fashion and leisure show . it will be held in the central exhibition hall in london on tuesday 14 . my class and i are all interested in it and we would like to go there to have a visit . 
it will be great opportunity for all of us because they will show the latest fashion , the leisure and sports wear , the make up and the different hairstyles . furthermore , the admission for students is free . 
it will be a great opportunity for all of us because they will show the latest fashion , leisure and sports wear , make-up and different hairstyles . furthermore , the admission for students is free . 
i have alredy thought about a changing of the programme . on wednesday we could enjoy our free time doing shopping , so on tuesday afternoon we moved have time to go to visit the london fashion and leisure show . 
i have already thought about a change to the programme . on wednesday we could enjoy our free time by going shopping , so on tuesday afternoon we moved have time to go to visit the london fashion and leisure show . 
i hope you will take my proposal in favoreable consideration . i am looking forward to hearing from you soon . yours sincerely
i hope you will take my proposal into favourable consideration . i am looking forward to hearing from you soon . yours sincerely
it was dangerous but i knew i had to do it . what was so dangerous and why i had to do it ? now i will tell you in brief what exactly happened to me . 
it was dangerous but i knew i had to do it . what was so dangerous and why did i have to do it ? now i will tell you in brief exactly what happened to me . 
it was a fantastic sunny day of august and my friends and i took a day off from work . there were just four of us . we all decided to go to have a day by the seaside not far away from portsmouth . when we got there we were wearing our costumes . we lied on the sand under the sun , we had funny beach volley matches , interesting chats , but after two hours there , my friends decided to go swimming . for me , it was a big problem because i had never had swimming lessons before and my friends didn't know about that . i didn't want to tell them because i was sure they would have started laughing of me . so i took the decision to go and join them also if i knew that it would have been dangerous for my life . i walked very slowly through the water and i was very scared but i had to do it because if i didn't go my friends could understand that something was wrong with me . in the end fortunately everything went well as i didn't sink in the sea . after that day , i decided taking up swimming , so that i would have had no embarrass in the future trips to the seaside any more . 
it was a fantastic sunny day in august and my friends and i took a day off from work . there were just four of us . we all decided to have a day by the seaside not far away from portsmouth . when we got there we were wearing our costumes . we lay on the sand under the sun , we had funny beach volleyball matches , interesting chats , but after two hours there , my friends decided to go swimming . for me , it was a big problem because i had never had swimming lessons and my friends didn't know about that . i didn't want to tell them because i was sure they would have started laughing at me . so i took the decision to go and join them as well though i knew that it would be dangerous for my life . i waded very slowly through the water and i was very scared but i had to do it because if i didn't go my friends would realize that something was wrong with me . in the end fortunately everything went well as i didn't sink in the sea . after that day , i decided to take up swimming , so that i would have no embarrassment embarrassments on future trips to the seaside . 
dear mr robertson , 
dear mr robertson , 
i am writing to tell you that the students of my class have seen an advertisment about the london fashion and leisure show . 
i am writing to tell you that the students of my class have seen an advertisement for the london fashion and leisure show . 
first of all i would like to thank you for making such a good plan , for us , so we could have a good time . then i would like to explain to you about the london fashion and leisure show . finally how the programme could be changed . 
first of all i would like to thank you for making such a good plan for us , so we can have a good time . then i would like to explain to you the london fashion and leisure show . finally i would like to describe how the programme could be changed . 
the london fashion and leisure show is taking place in central exhibition hall in london and happens on tuesday march 14 . from ten o'clock in the morning till seven o'clock in the afternoon . the reason that i suggest that we go is that it is a great opportunity because we can see the latest fashions , leisure and sports wear as well as make up and different hairstyles . in addition to these we will not have to pay anything since it is free for students . 
the london fashion and leisure show is taking place in the central exhibition hall in london and happens on tuesday march 14 , from ten o'clock in the morning till seven o'clock in the evening . the reason that i suggest that we go is that it is a great opportunity because we can see the latest fashions , in leisure and sports wear as well as make-up and hairstyles . in addition to this we will not have to pay anything since it is free for students . 
i suggest that we should transfer our visit to the science museum on wednesday afternoon in our free time that we have . i look forward to hearing from you . 
i suggest that we should move our visit to the science museum to wednesday afternoon in our free time that we have . i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
it was dangerous , but i had to do it . i did not have any choice since my brother was in trouble . i had to become a burgler again and steal jewelry from the jewelry shop near by . 
it was dangerous , but i had to do it . i did not have any choice since my brother was in trouble . i had to become a burglar again and steal jewellery from the jewellers nearby . 
as i knew the teknics to break in a place without being noticed , i should not be afraid but tonight i had to steal the most precious diamond in the country which was very well secured . 
as i knew the techniques to break into a place without being noticed , i should not have been afraid but tonight i had to steal the most precious diamond in the country , which was very well protected . 
when i got close to the shop , i checked if anyone was around and luckily was not . then i approached slowly the door , broke the lock and opened the door . however , my adventure was not over yet . there were laisers all over the place , with which i had to be careful with . 
when i got close to the shop , i checked if anyone was around and luckily nobody was . then i approached the door slowly , broke the lock and opened the door . however , my adventure was not over yet . there were lasers all over the place , which i had to be careful of . 
suddenly something went wrong , the alarm was making noise . i ran towards the diamond grabed it got out quickly , ran out of the back door . by surprise i saw a car waiting for me outside . i got into the car gave the jewelry in exchange of my brother , took him and left the place . 
suddenly something went wrong . the alarm was making a noise . i ran towards the diamond , grabbed it , got out quickly , and ran out of the back door . by chance i saw a car waiting for me outside . i got into the car and gave the jewellery in exchange for my brother , took him and left the place . 
dear mr robertson , 
dear mr robertson , 
we would like to thank you for the programme which you have prepared for us . we really like the variety of our trip to london . the programme contains enjoyment and education , what is very esencial for young people . 
we would like to thank you for the programme which you have prepared for us . we really like the variety of our trip to london . the programme offers enjoyment and education , which is essential for young people . 
however , we would like to say , that recently the advertisement for the london fashion and leisure show has been seen by one of your english class student . the show will be about latest fashions , leisure and sports wear , make up and hairstyles . 
however , we would like to say that recently an advertisement for the london fashion and leisure show has been seen by one of your english class students . the show will be about the latest fashions , leisure and sports wear , make-up and hairstyles . 
in our opinion , we should go to the show . firstly , because we are keen on fashion . secondaly , because we do not have to pay for the tickets . 
in our opinion , we should go to the show . firstly , because we are keen on fashion . secondly , because we do not have to pay for the tickets . 
we have already orgonised our visit new programme . the show is on tuesday and we could go to see the show in the afternoon , instead of shopping . we think , that we may shopping next day , on wednesday , in our free time . 
we have already organised our visit in a new programme . the show is on tuesday and we could go to see the show in the afternoon , instead of going shopping . we think that we can go shopping the next day , on wednesday , in our free time . 
we are looking foraward to hearing from you . 
we are looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
students . 
students 
the home of the future
the home of the future
the future is unexpectable and human beings are afriad of dangers , such as tornado or earthquake . thinking about home like a place to live , is not already worth . we must think about home from other point of view . we need to make our home a place where we want to come back after the work or school . it has to be pleasure to be there for us . what we really need in the next millenium is love , that is what will keep all family together and forever . do we care about a new carpet or a fashionable furniture ? no ; i do not think so . live is too short to think about the poscesives . 
the future is unpredictable and human beings are afraid of dangers , such as tornados or earthquakes . thinking about home as a place to live is not already worth . we must think about home from another point of view . we need to make our home a place where we want to come back to after work or school . it has to be a pleasure to be there for us . what we really need in the next millennium is love , that is what will keep all the family together forever . do we care about a new carpet or fashionable furniture ? no , i do not think so . life is too short to think about possessives possessions . 
the houses will change because of new technologe , what may make our live more comfortable . everything will be faster . we will used to that . what depends on us , is how atmospher we will have in our houses . the home of the future , for me , is a place of hapinest . 
our houses will change because of new technology , which may make our life lives more comfortable . everything will be faster . we will get used to that . what depends on us , is the atmosphere we will have in our houses . the home of the future , for me , is a place of happiness . 
we cannot aware future technologe , but we might still have some feelings to eachothers . 
we cannot be aware of future technology , but we might still have some feelings for each other . 
cambridge 13 . 06 . 00
cambridge 13 . 06 . 00
dear helen ryan 
dear helen ryan , 
competition organiser
competition organiser
i am glad to know about the news that i have received . it is a dream becames true and was really unexpected for me ! 
i am glad to know about the news that i have received . it is a dream become true dream come true and was really unexpected for me ! 
i would like to travel on july because of it is more suitable for me . i think i will really enjoy if i could stay in tents it is going to be a new experience and looks exciting . 
i would like to travel in july because it is more suitable for me . i think i will really enjoy it if i can stay in a tent . it is going to be a new experience and looks exciting . 
about the activities while at the camp i would like to enjoy swimming , not because i am good in it , just because i keen on and the other one is photography . 
about the activities while at the camp , i would like to do swimming , not because i am good at it , just because i am keen on it and the other one is photography . 
as i never did this in whole my life could you tell me if we have to do our own meals or i can find everything ready to eat there ? if no , what do you sugest ? the same question for clothes and money . how much i have to get in my pocket ? 
as i never did this in my whole life could you tell me if we have to make our own meals or can i find everything ready to eat there ? if not , what do you suggest ? the same question for clothes and money . how much do i have to put in my pocket ? 
i hope has had your questions out of your mind . 
i hope has had your questions out of your mind . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
cambridge 13 . 06 . 00
cambridge 13 . 06 . 00
dear friend
dear friend
kim
kim
last month , i enjoyed to help at a pop concert in portugal . everything were new for me . i had to ( lyd ) tidy up the place where they have to wait until their turn . the group asked me make sure that in the fridge they always could find a big variety of drinks including honey and lemon for throat . 
last month , i enjoyed helping at a pop concert in portugal . everything was new for me . i had to ( lyd ) tidy up the place where they have to wait for their turn . the group asked me to make sure that in the fridge they always could find a wide variety of drinks including honey and lemon for the throat . 
other thing i had to do is keep an eye in the towels , i mean , dried towels because as you know that country is too hot , especially for my liking , as they have to change the clothes and looks fresh; don't ask me why . 
the other thing i had to do was keep an eye on the towels , i mean , dry towels because as you know that country is too hot , especially for my liking , and they have to change clothes and look fresh; don't ask me why . 
the pop concert happened in a big stadium called " mararcan " . 
the pop concert happened in a big stadium called " mararcan " . 
i just did not enjoyed when they were making the instruments work for the big day . but what i particularly liked was see and ask autographs from the rest of the others groups . don't be jealous , i will make a copy for you , ok ? 
i just did not enjoy it when they were making the instruments work for the big day . but what i particularly liked was to see and ask for autographs from the rest of the other groups to see the rest of the other groups and ask for their autographs . don't be jealous , i will make a copy for you , ok ? 
love
love
1th , june , 2000
1st , june , 1st june 2000
dear ms ryan , 
dear ms ryan , 
i am writing to reply your letter and i am so glad to win the prize . thank you very much ! 
i am writing to reply to your letter and i am so pleased to have won the prize . thank you very much ! 
in answer your questions: i would like to travel in july . i am a full-time student , my summer holidays begin at the end of june and i have planned to work on my grandfather's farm in august . so july is the only time i will be free . secondly , i would prefer tents to log cabins . camping is my enthusiasm and i sleep in tents every time i go camping . therefore , i am afraid i can't get used to log cabins easily . besides camping , i also like painting . my dad is an amateur painter , and i have begun painting for 8 years . i'm good at portraits and landscapes . i would also like to play golf during my holiday , but i have never played it before , will i get any tuition ? 
in answer to your questions: i would like to travel in july . i am a full-time student , my summer holidays begin at the end of june and i have planned to work on my grandfather's farm in august . so july is the only time i will be free . secondly , i would prefer tents to log cabins . camping is my hobby and i sleep in tents every time i go camping . therefore , i am afraid i can't get used to log cabins easily . besides camping , i also like painting . my dad is an amateur painter , and i have been painting for 8 years . i'm good at portraits and landscapes . i would also like to play golf during my holiday , but i have never played it before . will i get any tuition ? 
finally , i should like to ask some questions . how is the weather like in california in july ? what kind of clothes should i pack ? if i want to buy some gifts , how much money should i take and can i use traveller's cheques in every place ? 
finally , i should like to ask some questions . what is the weather like in california in july ? what kind of clothes should i pack ? if i want to buy some gifts , how much money should i take and can i use traveller's cheques in every place ? 
i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
shopping is not always enjoyable
shopping is not always enjoyable
our lives are getting better and better , so people began to go shopping more frequently . it's always a great job to go home with bags of purchases , but is it doing us good apart from the temporary satisfaction ? 
our lives are getting better and better , so people have begun to go shopping more frequently . it's always a great treat to go home with bags of purchases , but is it doing us any good apart from the temporary satisfaction ? 
everyone likes sale , but those so-called sale items are not really of value . in fashion industry , sale begins at the end of each season and just lasts a short time , because those owners want to make room for new stock . but you'll find your 'cool bargain' soon get out of date and you have to keep buying new ones . also supermarket owners have put in a vast amount of money to find out the best way to place goods in order to get the most profit . therefore , we become impulsive buyers easily under these tricks . the result , we feel guilty after spending more than we've estimated , or even suffer from financial difficulty . 
everyone likes sales , but those so-called sale items are not really good value . in the fashion industry , sales begin at the end of each season and just last a short time , because those retailers want to make room for new stock . but you'll find your 'cool bargain' soon gets out of date and you have to keep buying new ones . also supermarket owners have invested a vast amount of money to find out the best way to place goods in order to get the most profit . therefore , we become impulsive buyers easily under the influence of these tricks . the result is we feel guilty after spending more than we've expected we expected , or even suffer from financial difficulty . 
shopping does not just effect us mentally , but also physically . it's not hard to realise how exhausted we are after a day of shopping . think of the awful crowds , the busy car parks , polluted air in the city centres and mile-long queues in front of the cash desks . i don't think anyone would really like to face them . but once you get there , they're just inevitable , aren't they ? 
shopping does not just affect us mentally , but also physically . it's not hard to realise how exhausted we are after a day of shopping . think of the awful crowds , the busy car parks , polluted air in the city centres and mile-long queues in front of the cash desks . i don't think anyone really likes to face them . but once you get there , they're just inevitable , aren't they ? 
well , now before you go shopping , think again and you'll find out it won't be always enjoyable . 
well , now before you go shopping , think again and you'll realise it won't always be enjoyable . 
dear competition organiser , 
dear competition organiser , 
i am writing to replay your letter and to ask more details about the competition . 
i am writing to reply to your letter and to ask for more details about the competition . 
firstly , i would like to say that i'm very glad to have been choosen and i will do my best for this competition . 
firstly , i would like to say that i'm very glad to have been chosen and i will do my best for this competition . 
as you asked in the letter , i would like to travel only on july because i work at the central library and i'm also having english classes , so i will just have holidays on july . is it suitable for you ? 
as you asked in the letter , i would like to travel only in july because i work at the central library and i'm also having english classes , so i will just have holidays in july . is that suitable for you ? 
as you mentioned about the accomodation , i would prefer stay in the tents , because it's more exciting and i really love camping . 
as you mentioned about the accommodation , i would prefer to stay in a tent , because it's more exciting and i really love camping . 
i examined all the activities that you listed and i was disappointed to have to chose just two of them because in my opinion i'm good in almost of this activities . however , i would choose sailing because i am facinating with the sea and it's misteries and i also like the watter , the wind in my face . . . the other one i would choose is basketball becouse i'm tall and very fast with the ball . 
i examined all the activities that you listed and i was disappointed to have to choose just two of them because in my opinion i'm good at almost all of these activities . however , i would choose sailing because i am fascinating fascinated with the sea and its mysteries and i also like the water , the wind in my face . . . the other one i would choose is basketball because i'm tall and very fast with the ball . 
finally i would like to know what kind of clothes are we supposed to wear there , and about the money we are supposed to pay for food and things like that . 
finally i would like to know what kind of clothes we are supposed to wear there , and about the money we are supposed to bring to pay for food and things like that . 
i'm looking forward to receiving your prompt replay . 
i'm looking forward to receiving your prompt reply . 
sincerely
sincerely
clara
clara
dear kim , 
dear kim , 
i am writing to tell you some news and to ask a little bit about you . 
i am writing to tell you some news and to ask a little bit about you . 
first of all , i'm going to tell the good news . last month , i went to a pop concert with four bands . it was unbelivebly ! ! ! 
first of all , i'm going to tell the good news . last month , i went to a pop concert with four bands playing . it was unbelievably unbelievable ! ! ! 
although it was 5 . 000 thousand people there , people could walk and dance without any problem . it was very well organised , the shows started in the exactly time and the group were well performed too . i have contributed to the concert selling some tickets to my friends . 
although there were 5 , 000 thousand people there , people could walk and dance without any problem . it was very well organised . the show started exactly on time and the group performed well too . i contributed to the concert by selling some tickets to my friends . 
however the success of the concert , at the end of show some full gays started a big confusion and some people get hurt . it was depressing . . . 
however great the success of the concert , at the end of the show some full gays started a big confusion and some people got hurt . it was depressing . . . 
finally , i would like to know some news about you , what have you done ? be you studing a lot ? 
finally , i would like to know some news about you . what have you done ? are you studying a lot ? 
please write me a letter as soon as possible ! 
please write me a letter as soon as possible ! 
love from
love from
clara . 
clara . 
dear helen ryan ; 
dear helen ryan , 
i have just received your letter which is made me so hapy . i can not belive that i won first prize in your competition , because i always belived i am an unluky man and now i think somethings are changing in my life . 
i have just received your letter which made me so happy . i cannot believe that i won first prize in your competition , because i always believed have always believed i am an unlucky man and now i think some things are changing in my life . 
i would like to come in july , because i am studying english and we have one month break at july , so please make my log cabin ready by july . 
i would like to come in july , because i am studying english and we have a one-month break in july , so please book my log cabin for july . 
i prefer stay in cabin because i have some experience with tents from my childhood and it was not very good experience therefore i would like to stay in cabin . 
i would prefer to stay in a cabin because i had some experience of tents in my childhood and it was not a very good experience , therefore i would like to stay in a cabin . 
you saying in your letter i could do two activities from the list which is show many exciting activities . 
you say in your letter i can do two activities from the list which features many exciting activities . 
i will definitly chose basketball and swimming wich are the my dream sport . i used to be play in school team when i was in high school and our team was the one of the best basketball team in all county and i also very good at swim . 
i would definitely choose basketball and swimming which are my dream sports . i used to play in the school team when i was in high school and our team was one of the best basketball teams in the whole county and i am also very good at swimming . 
i would like to ask a few things , specialy wheather : how is the weather in july in the u . s . a . what kind of clothes i will need and how much money i should take with me , because i have never been u . s . a . before and i don't know anything 
i would like to ask a few things , specially especially about the weather : what is the weather like in july in the u . s . a ? what kind of clothes will i need and how much money should i take with me ? because i have never been to the u . s . a . before i don't know anything about it . 
i am looking forward to your reply letter letter reply . 
i am looking forward to your letter of reply . 
your sincerely
yours sincerely
i have never enjoyed doing shopping , but nowday some people are calling shopcholic . 
i have never enjoyed doing shopping , but nowadays there are some people who are called shopaholic shopaholics . 
they are just like alcholics and this people are every day doing shopping are going shopping every day because they can not stop themself unless they have not got money for spend . 
they are just like alcoholics and these people are every day going shopping go shopping every day because they cannot stop themselves unless they have not got money to spend . 
i can not believe how they doing this things every day , even when i need something at home i alway try to find out something to use instead of that things . because nowdays whereever you go there is big queue and i hate being waited . 
i cannot believe how they do this thing every day , even when i need something at home i always try to find something to use instead of that thing . because nowadays wherever you go there is a big queue and i hate waiting . 
the queue is not only the problem if you go by car there is parking problem problem parking , if you go by bus there is again queue and you have to carry many carry bag carrier bags during the your journey and you won't be alway luky to find a seat to seat . 
the queues are not the only problem . if you go by car there is the problem of parking , if you go by bus there are also queues and you have to carry a lot of carrier bag carrier bags during your journey and you won't be always always be lucky enough to find a seat to sit . 
if you go shopping for ( buy ) clothes that is the worse kind of shopping . specialy if you want to buy with your girlfriend or if you are already girl you have to be read for hours to spend try on and off . i realy hate go shopping with girls to buy clothes because when they went into a shop they want try on every single cloth and they do not realise to time . 
if you go shopping for clothes that is the worst kind of shopping . specially especially if you want to buy clothes with your girlfriend or if you are a girl , you have to be ready to spend hours trying on clothes . i really hate going shopping with girls to buy clothes because when they go into a shop they want to try on every single item of clothing and they do not realise the time . 
some people says " shopping is not alway enjoyable " but for me definity unenjoyable and i think it will be same rest of my life . 
some people say " shopping is not always enjoyable " but for me it is definitely unenjoyable and i think it will be the same for the rest of my life . 
dear helen ryan:
dear helen ryan:
my name is julia sanches and i have won first prize in your competition . i am now writing to tell you the information you have asked about me:
my name is julia sanches and i have won first prize in your competition . i am now writing to tell you the information you have asked for about me:
i would like to travel on july because i will be on my school vacation , so i would not miss my classes . 
i would like to travel in july because i will be on my school vacation , so i would not miss my classes . 
about the activities , i would like to do basketball and surfing . i play basketball at school twice a week and i enjoy it . although i do not play perfectly , i play quite well , but i would still like to practice . i go to the beach almost every weekend to improve my surfing - it is the sport i like best - and i think it would be a nice oportunity to practice surfing too . 
about the activities , i would like to do basketball and surfing . i play basketball at school twice a week and i enjoy it . although i do not play perfectly , i play quite well , but i would still like to practise . i go to the beach almost every weekend to improve my surfing - it is the sport i like best - and i think it would be a nice opportunity to practise surfing too . 
there are some things i would like to ask : the tipe ( and quantity ) of clothes i will have to take , if it is necessary to take some money and any additional stuff ( like raincoates ) . well , that would be all . i look forward to receiving your letter . 
there are some things i would like to ask about : the type ( and quantity ) of clothes i will have to take , and if it is necessary to take some money or any additional stuff ( like raincoats ) . well , that is all . i look forward to receiving your letter . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
julia sanches
julia sanches
is evil interesting ? 
is evil interesting ? 
since we are kids people tell us stories with two sides in conflit : the good and the bad side . the good always wins , and we are told that the other part is bad , and that is the end of the story . but isn't evil interesting ? 
since we were kids people have told us stories about two sides in conflict : the good and the bad side . the good always win , and we are told that the other part is bad , and that is the end of the story . but isn't evil interesting ? 
on the tale " it's a good life " , the author gives much more emphasis to the witte anthony than to anyone else in the story . he is the main character , although he is mean , cruel and uningative . he controls the other people using the power of his mind . 
in the tale " it's a good life " , the author gives much more emphasis to witte anthony than to anyone else in the story . he is the main character , although he is mean , cruel and uningative . he controls the other people using the power of his mind . 
although the other people on the story are the good ones and suffer with his domination , they are quite poor and empty , not interesting and not well described , meanwhile anthony is a very interesting and different person , and all his thoughts are told us by the author . 
although the other people in the story are the good ones and suffer from his domination , they are quite poor and empty , not interesting and not well described , meanwhile anthony is a very interesting and different person , and all his thoughts are told to us by the author . 
in conclusion , even though we know that this character is good and this one is bad , sometimes the good ones are quite boring , and we find the bad one much more interesting . 
in conclusion , even though we know that this character is good and this one is bad , sometimes the good ones are quite boring , and we find the bad ones much more interesting . 
dear helen , 
dear helen , 
i am writin to you in order to give a reply to the kind letter i received from you . i cannot express how thanful i am for this beautiful prize . 
i am writing to you in order to give a reply to the kind letter i received from you . i cannot express how thankful i am for this beautiful prize . 
firs of all , i would like to tell you that the only time i will be able to travel is in july , because before that i have to take some exams at the university . 
first of all , i would like to tell you that the only time i will be able to travel is in july , because before then i have to take some exams at university . 
in your letter you asked me whether i would prefer , if a tent or a long cabin . well , the answer is a long cabin , because i have a problem with my back . that is why i cannot sleep on the ground or in a sleeping bag . 
in your letter you asked me whether i would prefer a tent or a log cabin . well , the answer is a log cabin , because i have a problem with my back . that is why i cannot sleep on the ground or in a sleeping bag . 
by the way , you also mention that i will have the chance to do two activities . well , the two activities that i would to choose are basketball and singing . i have choosen those because i am quite good playing basketball and i sing every weekend in the choir of the local church as well . 
by the way , you also mention that i will have the chance to do two activities . well , the two activities that i would like to choose are basketball and singing . i have chosen those because i am quite good at playing basketball and i sing every weekend in the choir of the local church as well . 
finally , i would appreciate if you let me know if i will have to take some clothe or money . i would like to know if i will have to pay for any other extra activity . 
finally , i would appreciate it if you let me know if i will have to take some clothes or money . i would like to know if i will have to pay for any other extra activities . 
i hope you will able to answer all my quaries . i look forward to hearing from you . 
i hope you will be able to answer all my queries . i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
dear kim , 
dear kim , 
thanks for the kind letter you send me las week . the photographs are very nice and funny . by the way you are a bit taller , aren't you ? 
thanks for the kind letter you sent me last week . the photographs are very nice and funny . by the way , you are a bit taller , aren't you ? 
well , the first thing i want to tell you is about the pop concert we had , last friday , here in our city . but to make the thing better i was choosen to help the band and the organisers of the concert . great ! 
well , the first thing i want to tell you is about the pop concert we had , last friday , here in our city . but to make the thing better i was chosen to help the band and the organisers of the concert . great ! 
as you know , i am a sound technich , so i help them to put the sound equipments and the instruments properly . then some hours before the concert , i met the band and they let me stayed in the sound test . i was already special time for me ! the members of the band were very nice and friendly with me . 
as you know , i am a sound technician , so i helped them to set up the sound equipment and the instruments properly . then some hours before the concert , i met the band and they let me stay for the sound check . it was a really special time for me ! the members of the band were very nice and friendly to me . 
then , when the concert started ; the organisers gave me an identity card , only for members of the staff . that card was the best thing that someone had ever gave to me , because i was unable to be in the scenary with the whole band ! it was the best time in my life . i felt really lucky . 
then , when the concert started , the organisers gave me an identity card , which was only for members of the staff . that card was the best thing that someone had ever given to me , because i was able to be on the scenery stage with the whole band ! it was the best time of my life . i felt really lucky . 
sorry if my experience was boring but i know you will enjoy it as much as i did . 
sorry if my experience was boring but i know you will enjoy it as much as i did . 
i look forward to hearing from you . i send you some photographs of me with the band . 
i look forward to hearing from you . i have sent you some photographs of me with the band . 
lot of love , 
lots of love , 
dear ms ryan , 
dear ms ryan , 
thank you very much for your letter which informed me that i have won the first prize for two weeks at camp california in the u . s . a . here are some information as requested . 
thank you very much for your letter , which informed me that i have won the first prize of two weeks at camp california in the u . s . a . here is some information as requested . 
please noted that i can only travel in july because of summer holiday shut down . it would be any day but please let me know nearner the time . 
please note that i can only travel in july because of the summer holiday shut-down . it could be any day but please let me know nearer the time . 
i would prefer the log cabins than tents . i think the log cabin is more fun &amp; exciting . the activities that i would like to do are painting and playing a golf . i have won a first prize for painting when i was at high school , and won a third prize of playing golf for a charity . 
i would prefer the log cabins to tents . i think the log cabin is more fun &amp; exciting . the activities that i would like to do are painting and playing golf . i won first prize for painting when i was at high school , and won third prize playing golf for a charity . 
could you please tell me for what sort of clothes do i need and how much money to take . 
could you please tell me what sort of clothes i need and how much money to take . 
i look forward to hear from you and if you need more information , please do not hesitate to contact me . 
i look forward to hearing from you and if you need more information , please do not hesitate to contact me . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
sunee boonliang-hampson
sunee boonliang-hampson
shopping is not always enjoyable . 
shopping is not always enjoyable . 
shopping is an ordinary way of life . we always need fresh food such as vegetables , fruits , milk and etc . at least most people will do their shopping twice a week for a fresh food . you might think shopping is enjoyable but i don't think it always enjoyable . you have to try to park your cark first which sometime the space are fulled and after you have parked your car and went in the supermarket the product you wanted have run out so you have to changes your plan for dinner or going to another supermarket to facing a long queue . that make you whole day for shopping which was not fun at all . 
shopping is an ordinary way of life . we always need fresh food such as vegetables , fruit , milk etc . at least most people will do their shopping twice a week for fresh food . you might think shopping is enjoyable but i don't think it is always enjoyable . you have to try to park your car first , and sometimes the car parks are full and after you have parked your car and gone got into the supermarket the product you wanted has run out so you have to change your plan for dinner or go to another supermarket to face a long queue . that makes you whole day for shopping which was not fun at all . 
june 13 , 2000
june 13 , 2000
competition . organiser
competition . organiser
helen ryan
helen ryan
dear madam:
dear madam:
i would like to travel to camp california only in july because during june i am very busy with my tests . i will do f . c . e in university of cambridge and other tests in several subjects in my high school . 
i would like to travel to camp california only in july because during june i am very busy with my exams . i will take the f . c . e at the university of cambridge and other exams in several subjects at my high school . 
i prefer my accommodation at camp in tents because it reminds me my first school . it was great . but the way , i do not like to stay alone . i would like to have lots of people near me . 
i prefer to stay in tents because it reminds me of my first school . it was great . by the way , i do not like to be alone . i would like to have lots of people near me . 
among those activities that you told me that i have to choose i prefer singing and painting . i have just attended classes about them . my father was a great singer and he has been helping me . painting is my challenge because it is very hard for me . but i love to paint and i intend to know everything about it . 
among those activities from which you told me that i have to choose i prefer singing and painting . i have just attended classes in them . my father was a great singer and he has been helping me . painting is a challenge because it is very hard for me . but i love to paint and i intend to know everything about it . 
i want to know what kind of clothes i have to wear there and how much money i will spend . i want to know if i can take my celular phone , too . 
i want to know what kind of clothes i have to wear there and how much money i will spend . i want to know if i can take my cellular phone , too . 
sincerely
sincerely
margaret bornete goods
margaret bornete goods
shopping is not always enjoyable . 
shopping is not always enjoyable . 
women love shopping . i am a woman then i love it a lot . all weekends i and my boyfriend go to b . h shopping center . i live in site belo and he lives near b . h . shopping center . i retired four years ago and my live is very bored . when i am very sad i like to buy something and sometimes it makes me happy . i bought a lot of shoes , clothes and books last week . he was with me and suddenly he became very angry . he told me that i was very stupid . i tried to buy a handsome suit for him but he shouted and abandoned me with my bags . i took a cab and went to my house . i cried very much because my life is really very stupid . i decided to stop buying those things that i don't really need . i intend to continue studying and return to work because when our life is empty everything looks ugly and sad . i know in deep of my heart sometimes shopping is not always enjoyable . but i am a woman . we are different . we need different things than men . yesterday he called me and told me that he loves me , anyway . i believe him because he is a great man . i hope that he forgets my shopping . and i decided i will go shopping alone . at last i am really a great woman and i love myself . 
women love shopping . i am a woman so i love it a lot . every weekend i and my boyfriend go to the b . h shopping center . i live in site belo and he lives near the b . h . shopping center . i retired four years ago and my life is very boring . when i am very sad i like to buy something and sometimes it makes me happy . i bought a lot of shoes , clothes and books last week . he was with me and suddenly he became very angry . he told me that i was very stupid . i tried to buy a handsome suit for him but he shouted and abandoned me with my bags . i took a cab and went to my house . i cried a lot because my life is really very stupid . i decided to stop buying those things that i don't really need . i intend to continue studying and return to work because when our life is empty everything looks ugly and sad . i know deep in my heart sometimes shopping is not enjoyable . but i am a woman . we are different . we need different things to men . yesterday he called me and told me that he loves me , anyway . i believe him because he is a great man . i hope that he forgets about my shopping . and i decided i will go shopping alone . at last i am really a great woman and i love myself . 
dear miss ryan , 
dear miss ryan , 
i am very glad to hear that i have won the prize and thank you very much about that . here is the information you want , i hope they are useful . 
i am very glad to hear that i have won the prize and thank you very much for that . here is the information you want , i hope it is useful . 
first of all , july is the only month i can travel , because i have got exams at school and i won't finish them until the last day of june . and in august , i have to go back to school to do some classes work and i have got a camp to organise . so i would like to travel on july . secondly , i would prefer the accommodation in tents . since i haven't been camping in tents so i would like to take this chance to feel and experience what will it be . 
first of all , july is the only month i can travel , because i have got exams at school and i won't finish them until the last day of june . and in august , i have to go back to school to do some class work and i have got a camp to organise . so i would like to travel in july . secondly , i would prefer the accommodation to be in tents . since i haven't been camping in tents i would like to take this chance to feel and experience what it is like . 
about the activities , i chose swimming and climbing . i am in swimming term a school and i won a prize last month . although i'm not good at climbing , i want to experienced myself . 
about the activities , i chose swimming and climbing . i am in the swimming team at school and i won a prize last month . although i'm not good at climbing , i want to experience it for myself . 
i would like to ask what is the weather in usa like and what kind of clothes should i wear ? and i was wondering how much money do i have to take ? also , if i can join climbing , what do i have to bring ? at last thank you very much for answering my questions . 
i would like to ask what is the weather in the usa like and what kind of clothes should i wear . and i was wondering how much money i have to take . also , if i can go climbing , what do i have to bring ? lastly thank you very much for answering my questions . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
dear kim , 
dear kim , 
it was lovely to hear that you want to hear about my experience . i helped the concert which was my favour singer's concert . 
it was lovely to hear that you want to hear about my experience . i helped at the concert , which was my favourite singer's concert . 
i helped with the piano part in that concert . at the concert , i had to play 4 songs and i had never played in a concert before , so i felt very nervous before the concert . 
i helped with the piano part in that concert . at the concert , i had to play 4 songs and i had never played in a concert before , so i felt very nervous before the concert . 
but it was a good experience for me because i learnt how to claim down and play well in front of the audience the concert . and also i have never played the piano with the singers before , and after that it makes me more confident and improved my skills a lot . when the concert finished my favour singer talked to me &amp; they invited me to play the piano in their next concert and they said that because i performed will in that concert . they taught me a lot about playing piano as well . 
but it was a good experience for me because i learnt how to calm down and play well in front of the audience at the concert . and also i have never played the piano with singers before , and that makes me more confident and has improved my skills a lot . when the concert finished my favourite singer talked to me &amp; they invited me to play the piano in their next concert and they said that because i performed well in that concert . they taught me a lot about playing piano as well . 
at last thank you for sharing my experience . i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
lastly , thank you for sharing my experience . i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
best wishes
best wishes
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
dear miss hellen ryan:
dear miss hellen ryan:
i am really happy to get such wonderful news from you . in order to the prize , i would like to travel , if it is possible , on july because i am a student and my winter brake is taking place during this month , july . 
i am really happy to get such wonderful news from you . in order to claim the prize , i would like to travel , if it is possible , in july because i am a student and my summer break is during that month , july . 
i would prepare to stay in a cabin because i have not got really good experiences in camping in tents , last time a bear came inside while i was in . i love sports so i would like to play some basketball at the camp , by the way my team and i won the last scholl championship , i play guard on my team , i also like tennis but i am not very good , i was wondering if you could give me some lesson while i am there . 
i would prefer to stay in a cabin because i have not had really really had good experiences of camping in tents . last time a bear came inside while i was in the tent . i love sports so i would like to play some basketball at the camp . by the way , my team and i won the last school championship . i play guard on my team . i also like tennis but i am not very good . i was wondering if you could give me some lessons while i am there . 
i do not have words to express how happy i am , i would like to thanks you and camp california for this oportunity . hoping to hear soon from you . 
i do not have words to express how happy i am . i would like to thank you and camp california for this opportunity . hoping to hear from you soon . 
raul pedro ybarra s
raul pedro ybarra s
since the man become man he has had the need of hunting for sourvive , in ancient times he used spears , bows and arrows , and the wemon's role was to collect items like vegetables and stuff . 
since man became man he has needed to hunt survive to survive . in ancient times he used spears , bows and arrows , and the woman's role was to collect items like vegetables and stuff . 
nowadays in the year 2000 we still practice this ancient art but in a diferent way , we don't use weapons for hunting animal in the jungle , we use the remote to hunt tv shows , and we do not collect vegetables any more we go shopping . 
nowadays , in the year 2000 we still practise this ancient art but in a different way , we don't use weapons for hunting animals in the jungle , we use the remote to hunt tv shows , and we do not collect vegetables any more , we go shopping . 
this activity of shopping has become one of our most important , after all , we go shopping for any reason , we have develop such an instinc for shopping that we can proudly say , that we are some sort of kings in the urban jungle . 
this activity of shopping has become one of our most important , after all , we go shopping for any reason , we have developed such an instinct for shopping that we can proudly say that we are some sort of kings of the urban jungle . 
if an activity has stay with us , the mankind , for so long , it must give us some pleasure and maybe that's why shopping has become such an important thing in our lives because it gives you pleasure when you find what you have been looking for and if you can get it for less than the price mark on it , that is the greatest extasis . 
if an activity has stayed with us , mankind , for so long , it must give us some pleasure and maybe that's why shopping has become such an important thing in our lives because it gives you pleasure when you find what you have been looking for and if you can get it for less than the price marked on it , that is the greatest of ecstasies . 
but where is the bad poet of it , well shopping can became horrible in christmast for example when houndred of people goes to the shopping center and it also can take many problems when you become an impulsive buyer . 
but where is the bad part of it ? well shopping can became horrible at christmas for example , when hundred hundreds of people go to the shopping centre and it also can cause many problems when you become an impulsive buyer . 
any ways shopping is with us and it will stay with us for a long time . 
anyways anyway shopping is with us and it will stay with us for a long time . 
13th june 2000
13th june 2000
dear ms ryan
dear ms ryan
i received your letter and i am writing to give you the information you asked . 
i received your letter and i am writing to give you the information you asked for . 
first of all i would like to travel only in july because i am going to work in aougust to earn money and after ( from september to june ) i go to university as usual . 
first of all i would like to travel only in july because i am going to work in august to earn money and after that ( from september to june ) i go to university as usual . 
about accomodation at camp california , i would rather be in a tent than in a log cabin because in july the weather is really good and when i am in a tent i feel closer of nature . 
about accommodation at camp california , i would rather be in a tent than in a log cabin because in july the weather is really good and when i am in a tent i feel closer to nature . 
i choose climbing and sailing for the activities . although i have never climb ( so i am a complete beginner ) . i am very interested in learning climbing . but i sailed a long time ago so i am quite a beginner too . 
i choose climbing and sailing for the activities . although i have never climbed ( so i am a complete beginner ) , i am very interested in learning climbing to climb . i sailed a long time ago so i am quite a beginner at that too . 
finally i would like to know what sort of clothes i should bring and also if i should bring some money . you can contact me for further information . 
finally i would like to know what sort of clothes i should bring and also if i should bring some money . you can contact me for further information . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
astrid de martel perrault
astrid de martel perrault
13th june 2000
13th june 2000
dear kim , 
dear kim , 
i was happy to receive your letter and , as you asked me , i will tell you how my experience was and how great it was . 
i was happy to receive your letter and , as you asked me , i will tell you about my experience and how great it was . 
the most exciting thing when you help at a pop concert is that you can meet popstars , and , indeed , i met our favourite popstar ! i talked to him and we ate a sandwich together talking about his album . i will never forget this moment . but don't worry , i thought about you and he signed an autograph for you , you will find it with this letter . 
the most exciting thing when you help at a pop concert is that you can meet popstars , and , indeed , i met our favourite popstar ! i talked to him and we ate a sandwich together talking about his album . i will never forget that moment . but don't worry , i thought about you and he signed an autograph for you . you will find it with this letter . 
on the other hand i worked very hard because the concert finished very late and after the concert i had to clean up the room and you can't imagine how dirty the fans are ! but i could stand up on the scene and talk with the musicians . 
on the other hand i worked very hard because the concert finished very late and after the concert i had to clean up the hall and you can't imagine how dirty the fans are ! but i could stand up on the stage and talk with the musicians . 
when i receive the photos i took , i will write you again to give them to you . 
when i have received the photos i took , i will write to you again to give them to you . 
looking forward to hearing from you
looking forward to hearing from you
love , astrid
love , astrid
i feel very happy to be the winner of your competition . i would like to travel in july only because they will need me at work in august . 
i feel very happy to be the winner of your competition . i would like to travel in july only , because they will need me at work in august . 
i would prefer to sleep in a tent because i have never done it and i think it is an experience not to be missed , a very original adventure ! 
i would prefer to sleep in a tent because i have never done it and i think it is an experience not to be missed , a very original adventure ! 
i would like to do singing and swimming . for the first activity , i must tell you that i am very keen on singing but that i have very few experience in it . 
i would like to do singing and swimming . regarding the first activity , i must tell you that i am very keen on singing but that i have very little experience in it . 
concerning swimming , i practise this sport once a week on myself , so i am just an amateur , not a great swimmer ! 
concerning swimming , i do this sport once a week by myself , so i am just an amateur , not a great swimmer ! 
otherwise , i would like to ask you which clothes i will have to take in my luggage . what is the weather like in july ? is it worth to take a raincoat ? should i take trainers ? 
otherwise , i would like to ask you what clothes i will have to take in my luggage . what is the weather like in july ? is it worth taking a raincoat ? should i take trainers ? 
finally , how much money must i bring with me ? is it necessary to ask for travellers' cheques ? or is it better to take only an international credit card ? 
finally , how much money must i bring with me ? is it necessary to ask for travellers' cheques ? or is it better to take only an international credit card ? 
going for shopping is a good thing when you don't know what to do but it has also many disavantages . 
going shopping is a good thing when you don't know what else to do but it also has many disadvantages . 
first of all , shopping is tiring because of the people who are doing the same thing as you the same day ! especially if you go shopping on a saturday , when people are on week-end . streets are crowded and you can't walk easily . you are embarrassed with the people who are so close to you that you can't walk as fast as you want . 
first of all , shopping is tiring because of the people who are doing the same thing as you the same day ! especially if you go shopping on a saturday , when people are on weekend . the streets are crowded and you can't walk easily . you are embarrassed with the people who are so close to you that you can't walk as fast as you want . 
secondly , shopping is stressful , especially if you had to find a cloth for a precise day , and nothing fits you . it can be discouraging . or if you look for a present and you can't find it . 
secondly , shopping is stressful , especially if you have to find a particular item of clothing for a special day and nothing fits you . it can be discouraging . or if you look for a present and you can't find it . 
however , shopping is entertaining if you don't know what to do . you can discover a lot of things if you are abroad and learn a lot about the life of local people . moreover , it is pleasant to try many clothes and to see what you look like in various clothes , especially if you are in a foreign country . it can be funny ! 
however , shopping is entertaining if you don't know what else to do . you can discover a lot of things if you are abroad and learn a lot about the life of local people . moreover , it is fun to try on many different types of clothes and to see what you look like in various clothes , especially if you are in a foreign country . it can be fun ! 
finally , shopping can help you to feel happy if you are down in the dumps , if you feel horrible . for instance , if you try a cloth which fits you well , it can contribute to make you feel better . 
finally , shopping can help you to feel happy if you are down in the dumps , if you feel horrible . for instance , if you try on an item of clothing which fits you well , it can contribute to making you feel better . 
dear helen ryan , 
dear helen ryan , 
thank you for the letter you wrote to me to inform me about the prize i won . i was so happy ! i couldn't believe it . 
thank you for the letter you wrote to me to inform me about the prize i won . i was so happy ! i couldn't believe it . 
if it is possible i would like to travel in july because school is finishing on the 28th june and i have already excepted a job in august . 
if it is possible i would like to travel in july because school is finishing on the 28th june and i have already accepted a job for august . 
i think it would be fun to stay in a tent those two weeks , i have never done that before , by my friends told me that i would enjoy it . 
i think it would be fun to stay in a tent those two weeks . i have never done that before , but my friends told me that i would enjoy it . 
as you offer many activities it was hard to choose which ones i want to do , but i dicided to take swimming and photography , because i am very good at swimming and because currently i am attending a photography course in vienna . i am not very experienced but i think that i will find a lot of beautiful motives in the usa . 
as you offer many activities it was hard to choose which ones i want to do , but i decided to take swimming and photography , because i am very good at swimming and because i am currently attending a photography course in vienna . i am not very experienced but i think that i will find a lot of beautiful motives in the usa . 
i would be very kind if you could inform me about how much money i have to take with me and which clothes i will need . 
it would be very kind if you could inform me about how much money i have to take with me and what clothes i will need . 
yours faithfully 
yours sincerely 
dear kim , 
dear kim , 
thank you for the card you wrote to me , i hope you enjoyed your holidays . 
thank you for the card you wrote to me . i hope you enjoyed your holidays . 
i spent some great days in vienna where i had the chance to help at the concert of " pearl jam " . 
i spent some great days in vienna where i had the chance to help at the concert of pearl jam pearl jam concert . 
the first thing i did was to controll the tickets of the fans who visited the concert together with a friend of mine . 
the first thing i did was to control check the tickets of the fans who came to the concert together with a friend of mine , together with a friend of mine , was to check the tickets of the fans who came to the concert . 
there always was a lot of security stuff around us to make sure every thing is ok , because there really were thousends of persons . 
there was always a lot of security stuff around us to make sure everything was ok , because there really were thousands of people . 
then we had time to listen to the music . 
then we had time to listen to the music . 
the other thing i had to do was to make some sandwiches and drinks just before they returned behind the stage to rest a little bit before they continued playing . it was amazing to be in the same room they were . edi vedder even talked to me about their programms ! 
the other thing i had to do was to make some sandwiches and drinks just before they returned backstage to rest a little bit before they continued playing . it was amazing to be in the same room they were in . edi vedder even talked to me about their programmes ! 
i think that i will never see them again personally , but i will never forget those two days - being so close to them , unbelievable ! 
i think that i will never see them again face-to-face , but i will never forget those two days - being so close to them , unbelievable ! 
hope to see you soon ! 
hope to see you soon ! 
yours
yours
dear ms ryan
dear ms ryan
i'm writing to reply to your questions about camp california . first of all , thank you very much for giving me such a good opportunity . i'm very pleased and i'd like to go to the states as soon as possible , however i'm free only in july . currently i'm studying in england and the school finishes at the end of june . after that i will go back to japan and continue studying at college , but it stats at the beginning of august . 
i'm writing to reply to your questions about camp california . first of all , thank you very much for giving me such a good opportunity . i'm very pleased and i'd like to go to the states as soon as possible , however i'm free only in july . currently i'm studying in england and the school finishes at the end of june . after that i will go back to japan and continue studying at college , but it starts at the beginning of august . 
as for the accommodation i would prefer log cabins . i'm not a kind of person who can easily fall a sleep and it gets worse when i am in a tent . 
as for the accommodation , i would prefer log cabins . i'm not the kind of person who can easily fall asleep and it gets worse when i am in a tent . 
at the camp i'd like to do climbing and golf . i belonged to a climbing club at my highschool and i've got a lot of knowledge from my experienced teacher . i often climbed mountains when i was in high school . my golf teacher is my father and i've only played in a practicing centre , but my father and his friends say i have good talent of golf . 
at the camp i'd like to do climbing and golf . i belonged to a climbing club at my high school and i've got a lot of knowledge from my experienced teacher . i often climbed mountains when i was in high school . my golf teacher is my father and i've only played in a practising centre , but my father and his friends say i have good talent for golf . 
lastly i'd like to ask you some questions . that is how many and what sort of clothes i need and how much money i should bring . 
lastly , i'd like to ask you some questions . that is how many and what sort of clothes i need and how much money i should bring . 
i'm looking forward to your reply . 
i'm looking forward to your reply . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
i think we should follow our time table if we make a video about daily school life , but we cannot film every lessons so i picked up some interesting ones . 
i think we should follow our time table if we make a video about daily school life , but we cannot film every lesson so i picked out some interesting ones . 
firstly we should defnitely put the news review lesson , because we start every morning with that class and it is where we have a lot of discussion . 
firstly , we should definitely put the news review lesson in , because we start every morning with that class and it is where we have a lot of discussion . 
secondly i think the fce class should be filmed . most of us ( students ) came to our school because they wanted to study english , so it should be the important part . in addition if we film the class , people can see how interesting or funny the lesson is . 
secondly , i think the fce class should be filmed . most of us ( students ) came to our school because they wanted to study english , so it should be the important part . in addition , if we film the class , people can see how interesting or funny the lesson is . 
then why don't we film our lunch time because it is also important , isn't it ? i think we should film it at the very crowded moment so that people can see we have to wait patiently before we reach our foods . 
then why don't we film our lunch time because it is also important , isn't it ? i think we should film it at the very crowded moment so that people can see we have to wait patiently before we reach our food . 
i think nextly we can film either the development class or the society class , because in my opinion they are the most interesting classes apart from the fce class . 
i think , next we can film either the development class or the society class , because in my opinion they are the most interesting classes apart from the fce class . 
for the very last part why not filming our faces when all the lessons are finished ? 
for the very last part , why not film our faces when all the lessons are finished ? 
dear helen ryan
dear helen ryan
my name is steven . i'am very serpride when i get the letter from you . and heard that i have win the prise . goging on a camp california in the u . s . a . for one week . 
my name is steven . i am i was very surprised when i got the letter from you and heard that i have won the prize . going to go to go on a camp in california in the u . s . a . for one week . 
and you need some imformation from me . about when would i like to go ? and i think i love togo on july . because is good time for camping and the weather is lovely at this time of the year . 
and you need some information from me . about when would i like to go ? , i think i would love to go in july , because it is a good time for camping and the weather is lovely at this time of the year . 
and the most important reason is because i' am still a student . and i study at london international school . so july is my end of year holiday . so i be happy to go on july . and about the accommodation at camp . i like to stays in tent because it have more feeling about adventure that's call camping . and in the letter that you send to me also whant's me to choose two activities to do while i was at the camp . so i will choose two activities that i good at and not good at . the first one is the one that i good at is basketball . i use to play basketball at school and play for school team . and the second activities is the one that i not good at or i never try it before is surfing . i love to try surfing because it is a very interessting sport and use a lot of power and enigy so now is the end of the letter . and i want to know more about the money can you give me more imformation about the money that i need to bring whith me 
and the most important reason is because i am still a student . and i study at london international school . so july is my end of year holiday . so i would be happy to go in july . and about the accommodation at camp , i would like to stay in a tent because it has more of a feeling of the adventure that's called camping . and in the letter that you sent to me you also want's want me to choose two activities to do while i am at the camp . so i will choose two activities that i am good at and not good at . the first one is the one that i am good at and it is basketball . i usually play basketball at school and play for the school team . and the second activity is the one that i am not good at and i have never tried before is surfing . i would love to try surfing because it is a very interesting sport and uses a lot of power and energy so now is the end of the letter . and i want to know more about the money . can you give me more information about the money that i need to bring with me ? 
thank you for every things 
thank you for every thing everything 
your sincerely
yours sincerely
frank steven . 
frank steven . 
shopping is not always enjoyable . 
shopping is not always enjoyable . 
now let's start whith shopping at beverley center . beverley center area is the place that the teenager like to go shopping the most . but some teenager like to go to bolton-market . because every one have different thinking like beverley center if you there every day or every week for a shopping you well get very boring because some time is to much people every where like in the resturant and shops . it's make you feel want to go home . and about the traffic some times it makes you feel don't want to go out because of the traffic . and if you never know money or you have less money shopping is not enjoyable for you i'am choue . and shopping in the market is one think that i' am not going to do . because all the smell in the market is alfrell is the smell of the meat and durty water black and smely water all over the market street . i think of it it's make my shopping enjoyable . and that's why some time shopping is enjoyable . because the place and people . 
now let's start with shopping at the beverley centre . the beverley centre area is the place that the teenagers like to go shopping at the most . but some teenagers like to go to bolton market . because everyone has different thinking like beverley centre beverley centre if you go there every day or every week for shopping you will get very bored because some times sometimes there are too many people everywhere , like in the restaurant restaurants and shops . it makes you feel you want to go home . and about the traffic , sometimes it makes you feel you don't want to go out because of the traffic . and if you never know money or you have less money shopping is not enjoyable for you i am sure . and shopping in the market is one thing that i am not going to do , because all the smells in the market are awful - there is the smell of the meat and dirty water , black and smelly water , all over the market street . i think of it it's make my shopping enjoyable . and that's why some times sometimes shopping is enjoyable , because of the place and people . 
dear mr. ryan , 
dear mr. ryan , 
thank you very much for the kind letter you have sent me . i am very pleased and very excited that i have won - i can't wait to go to the camp ! 
thank you very much for the kind letter you have sent me . i am very pleased and very excited that i have won - i can't wait to go to the camp ! 
at present , i am taking my exams and am fully occupied with studying . however i will be free in july - but please not that this is the only time i'll be free to travel to california . 
at present , i am taking my exams and am fully occupied with studying . however , i will be free in july - but please note that this is the only time i'll be free to travel to california . 
for the accommodation , i would like to stay in tents as i have never slept in one before . it would also be a chance to try it out for the first time in my life . 
for the accommodation , i would like to stay in tents as i have never slept in one before . it would also be a chance to try it out for the first time in my life . 
i would also like to take tennis and painting activities while staying at the camp . i've played tennis for eight years now and have competed in many matches . i take painting as my hobby as well , even though i have never took proper lessons . 
i would also like to take tennis and painting activities while staying at the camp . i've played tennis for eight years now and have competed in many matches . i take painting as my hobby as well , even though i have never taken proper lessons . 
also , can you please be kind enough to tell me what sort of clothes i should take ? would the weather be quite hot ? would you recommend me to take an extra bottle of sun block ? 
also , can you please be kind enough to tell me what sort of clothes i should take ? would the weather be quite hot ? would you recommend me to take an extra bottle of sun block ? 
lastly , can you please tell me how much money would be appropiet to take ? would there be a bank near the camp ? 
lastly , can you please tell me how much money would be appropriate to take ? would there be a bank near the camp ? 
thank you for taking the time to answer my questions . 
thank you for taking the time to answer my questions . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
midori fuyu
midori fuyu
dear kim , 
dear kim , 
hi ! how are you ? thanks for your letter . 
hi ! how are you ? thanks for your letter . 
you want to know everything about the concert ? okay - here it goes ! 
you want to know everything about the concert ? okay - here it goes ! 
two hours before the concert began , i arrived at the hall . god , i was so excited ! already everything was set up , the groups instruments , lights , microphones . . . i quickly helped others to decorate and to 'polish' off the hall - we blew up as my balloons as we can and sprayed them with gold and silver . 
two hours before the concert began , i arrived at the hall . god , i was so excited ! already everything was set up , the group's instruments , lights , microphones . . . i quickly helped others to decorate and to 'polish' off the hall - we blew up as many balloons as we could and sprayed them gold and silver . 
the concert went terrific , too ! there must have been hundreds out there - dancing , laughing , shouting . . and i was having a time of my life ! i handed out refreshment to the pop group's members during breaks - my friends were so jealous of me ! 
the concert went terrifically , too ! there must have been hundreds out there - dancing , laughing , shouting . . and i was having the time of my life ! i handed out refreshment to the pop group's members during breaks - my friends were so jealous of me ! 
at the end of the concert , when it was after midnight and everyone had alread left , the group came up to each of us ( who helped out ) and thanked us personally ! i mean , isn't that really nice of them ? we shook hands and they even wrote ( scribbled ? ) their signatures on my t-shirt ! i guess this was the best part of the night ! 
at the end of the concert , when it was after midnight and everyone had already left , the group came up to each of us ( who helped out ) and thanked us personally ! i mean , isn't that really nice of them ? we shook hands and they even wrote ( scribbled ? ) their signatures on my t-shirt ! i guess this was the best part of the night ! 
really , kim , you should try this out some time . even though i was exhausted , it was really worth it ! 
really , kim , you should try this out some time . even though i was exhausted , it was really worth it ! 
anyway , now i'm back to the real world - i have exams next week , wish me luck ! 
anyway , now i'm back to the real world - i have exams next week , wish me luck ! 
best wishes , 
best wishes , 
dear helen ryan , 
dear helen ryan , 
first of all i would like to apreciate for your generous award . i was dreaming of a holiday for such a long time . now i have the opurtuanity so i shall inform you fully . 
first of all i would like to appreciate thank you for your generous award . i have been dreaming of a holiday for such a long time . now i have the opportunity so i shall inform you fully . 
i would like to travel in july because , i will be working for the rest of the summer . i would like to stay in a log cabin , since i can't sleep in tiny , narrow areas . i have been sailing in the mediterennean for eight years and i have been playing tennis for four years so i would like to choose sailing and tennis activities . 
i would like to travel in july because i will be working for the rest of the summer . i would like to stay in a log cabin , since i can't sleep in tiny , narrow areas . i have been sailing in the mediterennean for eight years and i have been playing tennis for four years so i would like to choose sailing and tennis as activities . 
i would like to ask you the sort of the clothes i am supposed bring . i know that i will need sports equipment such as ; tennis shoes , a few sport shirts and shorts . also deck shoes and a waterproof jacket for sailing ; but besides that will i need any thing else ? 
i would like to ask you about the sort of clothes i am supposed bring . i know that i will need sports equipment such as tennis shoes , a few sports shirts and shorts . also deck shoes and a waterproof jacket for sailing but besides that , will i need anything else ? 
what's my fund limit ? i would really appreciate if you could write me back . 
what's my fund limit ? i would really appreciate it if you could write back . 
yours sincerely 
yours sincerely 
dear kim , 
dear kim , 
i received your letter . i do not want to keep you curious any longer . the oppurnity of being able to help in the concert knocked on my door by chance . i heard they were looking for volunteers to help at the pop concert . i , ofcourse jumped into it . the idea of meeting a worldwide known pop singer ; just made my heart punch my ribcage . the concert was all ready filled up with thousands , although it was really early . we , the volunteers first unravelled the cables , set the microphones and some instruments . then we , were told go to the back stage and make sure everything was perfect . after a fantastic concert i actually had the chance to meet britney spears . she is a very nice person i managed to scavange an authograph for you as well i will put it in the envelope . 
i received your letter . i do not want to keep you curious any longer . the opportunity of being able to help in the concert knocked on my door by chance . i heard they were looking for volunteers to help at the pop concert . i , of course , jumped at it . the idea of meeting a pop singer known worldwide just made my heart punch my ribcage . the concert was already filled up with thousands of , although it was really early . we , the volunteers , first unravelled the cables , and set up the microphones and some instruments . then we were told go backstage and make sure everything was perfect . after a fantastic concert , i actually had the chance to meet britney spears . she is a very nice person . i managed to scavenge an autograph for you as well , i will put it in the envelope . 
waiting to hear from you 
waiting to hear from you , 
take here ! 
take care ! 
melina
melina
dear mrs . ryan:
dear mrs . ryan:
i am writing because i received your letter saying that i won first prize , a two week holiday at camp california in u . s . a , and that you need further information from me . 
i am writing because i received your letter saying that i won first prize , a two week holiday at camp california in the u . s . a , and that you need further information from me . 
firstly , i would like to travel on july , because is the only month i have holidays in . 
firstly , i would like to travel in july , because it is the only month i have holidays in . 
secondly , i would like to stay in a log cabin because i think they're more comfortable than the tents , also because i don't like to sleep in tents very much , i think they're very cold during the night
secondly , i would like to stay in a log cabin because i think they're more comfortable than tents , also because i don't like to sleep in tents very much , i think they're very cold during the night
about the activities , i have chosen basketball because i enjoy playing it , and also because i know very well how to play . i used to be the captain of the selection of bascketball in my school , because i was the best to play , and i think i can still remember how to play . the second activity i chose was tennis , i am not so good , but i know how to play , i have played several times with my friends . 
about the activities , i have chosen basketball because i enjoy playing it , and also because i know how to play very well . i used to be the captain of the team of basketball basketball team in my school , because i was the best player , and i think i can still remember how to play . the second activity i chose was tennis . i am not so good , but i know how to play . i have played several times with my friends . 
to finish i would like to ask you for toiletries like for example shampoo , soap , etc . so that i don't have to carry them in my luggage , i think they would just occupy extra space . 
to finish i would like to ask you for toiletries like , for example , shampoo , soap , etc . so that i don't have to carry them in my luggage . i think they would just occupy extra space . 
another thing i would like to ask you for , is money . i think it will be an expensive trip and i don't have enough money to pay for it . nevertheless i need money for restaurants and souvenirs that i can buy in the camp . 
another thing i would like to ask you for is money . i think it will be an expensive trip and i don't have enough money to pay for it . nevertheless i need money for restaurants and the souvenirs that i can buy in the camp . 
i think that's all , and i look foreword to hearing from you soon . 
i think that's all , and i look forward to hearing from you soon . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
santiago rico s
santiago rico s
shopping is not always enjouable because of several factorors . 
shopping is not always enjoyable because of several factors . 
one could be when you go into a shop and you can find something that you like , and you decide to buy it , but when you see the price , you find out that it's too expencive , and you cannot afford to buy it . the only thing you mostly say is , " if i had more money , i would buy it " , or " i wish i had more money . " 
one could be when you go into a shop and you find something that you like , and you decide to buy it , but when you see the price , you find out that it's too expensive , and you cannot afford to buy it . the only thing you say is , " if i had more money , i would buy it " , or " i wish i had more money . " 
another factor could be when you are in a shop and you are not well attended , the people that work in the shop are doing other things , and cannot help you , so you have to look for the things you want to buy by your own . i think this is a common problem in shops , and that's why sometimes people leave the shop without buying anything , and i thing the solution would be to hire more workers . 
another factor could be when you are in a shop and you are not attended to . the people that work in the shop are doing other things and cannot help you , so you have to look for the things you want to buy on your own . i think this is a common problem in shops , and that's why sometimes people leave the shop without buying anything , and i think the solution would be to hire more workers . 
the third and last factor would be when you like a certain type of clothes , and you don't find any of that kind . you just find the type of clothes you would never wear . this cituation is very annoying for most of the people , and that's what makes shopping unejoyable . 
the third and last factor would be when you like a certain type of clothes , and you don't find any of that kind . you just find the type of clothes you would never wear . this situation is very annoying for most people , and that's what makes shopping unenjoyable . 
dear helen ryan , 
dear helen ryan , 
i am very happy to answer your letter , which i received this morning . i am very exiting with the wonderful news . 
i am very happy to answer your letter , which i received this morning . i am very exciting excited by the wonderful news . 
well , i start to make a plan for my travel , and the only time i have is on july because i will be finish my course of language at st jame's school . 
well , i am starting to make a plan for my trip , and the only time i have is in july because i will have finished my language course at st jame's school . 
about accomodation i would prefer cabins , because i suffer alergic , and i think tend , would be not very suitable for my health . 
about accommodation i would prefer a cabin , because i suffer from allergic allergies , and i think a tent would not be very suitable for my health . 
i am very happy to have the opportunity to do some sports . i'm very good in swimming and surfing . swiming i won last summer competition in the school , although i'm not very good at surfing i like , and i always practis in my holidays every year . 
i am very happy to have the opportunity to do some sports . i'm very good at swimming and surfing . swimming i won last summer's i won last summer's swimming competition in the school . although i'm not very good at surfing i like it , and i always practise on my holidays every year . 
i would like to know if is necesary for me to bring some money , or if we will have time to visit the city , about the clothes i have to bring some winter clothes ? 
i would like to know if it is necessary for me to bring some money , and if we will have time to visit the city . about the clothes , do i have to bring some winter clothes ? 
im very greatful to hearing from you . 
i'm very grateful to hear from you . 
your sincerely
yours sincerely
dear kim , 
dear kim , 
i was very happy to receive your letter . 
i was very happy to receive your letter . 
it's wonderful that you are going to listen a pop concert . i'm sure you will be enjoy . you asked me to tell you about my experience to help in the concencert last week . 
it's wonderful that you are going to attend a pop concert . i'm sure you will enjoy it . you asked me to tell you about my experience helping at the concert last week . 
well , let me tell you , first of all i was very nervous you know was my first time in such event . i was asked to put in order all the chair for the singer , this was only in the begining , after that i need to control all the microfons . however i was not very sure in this i enjoy . after that all the singer arrived and i was in charche to greeting them and give them something to drink . you immagine how existing i was specially because i always wanted some photograph with them and this was special moment and i realice i didn't bring my camera i was very sad . 
well , let me tell you , first of all i was very nervous . you know it was my first time at such an event . i was asked to put in order all the chairs all the chairs in order for the singer . this was only in the beginning . after that i needed to check all the microphones . however , i was not very sure this i enjoyed i enjoyed this . after that all the singers arrived and i was in charge of greeting them and giving them something to drink . you can imagine how excited i was , especially because i always wanted some photographs of them and this was a special moment and i realise realised i hadn't brought my camera . i was very sad . 
well kim , remember if they asked you to help go you will see how wonderful experience . 
well , kim , remember if they ask you to help go . you will see how wonderful an experience it is . 
write to me and tell me about your concert . 
write to me and tell me about your concert . 
give my regards to your boyfriend . 
give my regards to your boyfriend . 
with love . 
with love . 
dear mr. ryan , 
dear mr. ryan , 
i am so glad . i have won first prize in your competition ! it was a really big surprise for me . i will join the camp california in the u . s . a . with pleasure . 
i am so glad . i have won first prize in your competition ! it was a really big surprise for me . i will join the camp california in the u . s . a . with pleasure . 
i would like to travel there in july , because only in july i can have holiday . in june and in august i will have to work , so it would be rather impossible for me to join camp california then . i would like to have an accomodation in log cabin because i think it is more comfortable than a tent . so if i could choose i would like to stay in a log cabin . being at the camp i would like to swim and to play tennis . i have swam for 10 years and i have played tennis since i was 9 years old and those activities i like best . 
i would like to travel there in july , because i can only have holiday in july . in june and in august i will have to work , so it would be rather impossible for me to join camp california then . i would like to have accommodation in a log cabin because i think it is more comfortable than a tent . so if i could choose i would like to stay in a log cabin . being at the camp i would like to swim and to play tennis . i have been swimming for 10 years and i have played tennis since i was 9 years old and i like those activities best . 
i thin i am the best in horse riding; i even have my own horse , so if it is possible i would like to ride horses at camp california . 
i think i am best in horse riding; i even have my own horse , so if it is possible i would like to ride horses at camp california . 
i am looking forward for hearing from you . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
felicia zajac
felicia zajac
it was a bright , shinny day . i woke up early in the morning and i decided to go shopping . 
it was a bright , sunny day . i woke up early in the morning and i decided to go shopping . 
warsaw's , , clif'' is my favourite shopping centre so i went there . i saw a beautiful , long dress . i decided to try it on . 
warsaw's , , clif'' is my favourite shopping centre so i went there . i saw a beautiful , long dress . i decided to try it on . 
- what is your size - said shop-assistant . 
- what is your size - said the shop-assistant . 
- 36 - i said . 
- 36 - i said . 
- och , i am very sorry , but we have run out of 36 size . 
- och , i am very sorry , but we have run out of size 36 . 
i was going to the chemist to buy some eye-shadow , when i saw black , suede shoes . those shoes must be mine ! - i thought . i went in and i asked the shop assistant if i could try it on . 
i was going to the chemist to buy some eye-shadow , when i saw black , suede shoes . those shoes must be mine ! - i thought . i went in and i asked the shop assistant if i could try them on . 
- yes , of course- she replied- but what is your size ? 
- yes , of course- she replied- but what is your size ? 
- 38 - i said . 
- 38 - i said . 
- i'am very sorry but we do not have 38 . 
- i am very sorry but we do not have 38 . 
i was very angry . i had some money , i wanted to spend them , but ? ! everything did not suit me ! it was enough ! i came back home - tired and angry . surely it was not the best day for shopping . i did not buy anything , although i tried . 
i was very angry . i had some money , i wanted to spend it , but ? ! everything did not suit me ! it was enough ! i came back home - tired and angry . surely it was not the best day for shopping . i did not buy anything , although i tried . 
so as we can see - shopping is not always enjoable . 
so as we can see - shopping is not always enjoyable . 
dear miss ryan:
dear miss ryan:
i received your letter about the two weeks at camp california . i am writing back in response to your requests and because i have some questions also about those two weeks . 
i received your letter about the two weeks at camp california . i am writing back in response to your requests and because i have some questions also about those two weeks . 
first of all , i would rather travel in july , and if it's possible , during the first two weeks because i will be starting college at the end of the summer and therefore i have a lot of paperwork to get done . 
first of all , i would rather travel in july , and if it's possible , during the first two weeks because i will be starting college at the end of the summer and therefore i have a lot of paperwork to get done . 
about the accomodations i would rather stay in a log cabin . i am not that much of a " nature " person and besides i have been feeling a little sore for the last few days and it would be better for my back than a sleeping bag . 
about the accommodation , i would rather stay in a log cabin . i am not that much of a " nature " person and besides i have been feeling a little sore for the last few days and it would be better for my back than a sleeping bag . 
i would like to play tennis and surfing . i must say i am quite good at tennis . i started playing very young , and i've never stopped playing it since then . i couldn't say the same about surfing though i've done it only twice in my entire life but i really enjoyed doing it . 
i would like to play tennis and go surfing . i must say i am quite good at tennis . i started playing very young , and i've never stopped playing it since then . i couldn't say the same about surfing though . i've done it only twice in my entire life but i really enjoyed doing it . 
and one last thing i would like to know about which kind of clothes should i take , if i have to take some money with me and if there are any expenses i have to pay at the camp . 
and one last thing , i would like to know about what kind of clothes i should take , if i have to take some money with me and if there are any expenses i have to cover at the camp . 
if you have any questions , please do not hesitate about writing or calling me . i will be waiting to hear from you
if you have any questions , please do not hesitate to write or call me . i will be waiting to hear from you
sincerely , 
sincerely , 
lolita a . s . 
lolita a . s . 
dear kim: hi ! how are you ? how has your family been ? i hope you are doing fine , i am and so is my family and everything around here . you are not going to believe last month ! ! ! i helped korn in a concert they had at the auditorium . i met this guy in a party . his name is jimme , he is a really nice guy . maybe , you will meet him one day . so , it turned out that jimme was organizing the concert and he asked me and three of my friends if we wanted to help at the concert . our job was to make the band feel comfortable and to give them anything they pleased . the guys from korn were really nice to us and we had a great time with them . we even took pictures with them and they gave us their autographs . it was so much fun , we had a great time that night . well , i have to go , i have an exam tomorrow and i haven't studied at all . please write back . love , lolita . 
dear kim: hi ! how are you ? how has your family been ? i hope you are doing well , i am and so is my family and everything around here . you are not going to believe what happened last month ! ! ! i helped korn at a concert they had at the auditorium . i met this guy at a party . his name is jimme , he is a really nice guy . maybe you will meet him one day . so , it turned out that jimme was organizing the concert and he asked me and three of my friends if we wanted to help at the concert . our job was to make the band feel comfortable and to give them anything they wanted . the guys from korn were really nice to us and we had a great time with them . we even had our pictures taken with them and they gave us their autographs . it was so much fun , we had a great time that night . well , i have to go , i have an exam tomorrow and i haven't studied at all . please write back . love , lolita . 
dear helen ryan , 
dear helen ryan , 
i received your letter , so i write you to give you some informations from me . 
i received your letter , so i am writing to you to give you some information about me . 
i would like to travel on july because i finish school on june and i go to great britain on august for one month . 
i would like to travel in july because i finish school in june and i go to great britain in august for one month . 
if i can choose my accomodation , i prefer living in tent . i prefer this accomodation because i think it's more easy to met people when you live in tent , near them , than when you live in log cabin . 
if i can choose my accommodation , i prefer staying in a tent . i prefer this accommodation because i think it's easier to meet people when you stay in a tent , near them , than when you stay in a log cabin . 
i want playing tennis and swimming . i didn't play tennis before , so i am not good . i go to swimming-pool two time by week , so i am good at this sport . 
i want to play tennis and to go swimming . i haven't played tennis before , so i am not good . i go to the swimming pool two times a week , so i am good at this sport . 
could you tell me what sort of clothes i will have to wear to play tennis ? 
could you tell me what sort of clothes i will have to wear to play tennis ? 
could you tell me if i will need money for paid my dinners ? 
could you tell me if i will need money for my dinners ? 
yours sincerely . 
yours sincerely . 
eric durand
eric durand
there is a lot of activities and lessons at our school , so i think it's difficult to chose some of them . i think the best choice is to show many types of activities . 
there are a lot of activities and lessons at our school , so i think it's difficult to choose some of them . i think the best choice is to show many types of activities . 
we could show team spirit of our school with sport activities like soccer , basketball or handball . we could also show cultural activities: there is a lot of clubs of music or painting in our school . i think it could be interested to show how students work to write the new paper of school . 
we could show the team spirit of our school through sports activities like soccer , basketball or handball . we could also show cultural activities: there are a lot of music clubs and painting clubs in our school . i think it could be interesting to show how students work to write the newspaper of school school newspaper . 
at the end , we can also show where we can be relaxed . we should filmed our pub and room of students . all this activities which should be filmed , are our daily life at our school . 
at the end , we can also show where we can be relaxed . we should film our pub and a roomful of students . all these activities which should be filmed are part of our daily life at our school . 
13/june/2000
13/june/2000
dear helen ryan , 
dear helen ryan , 
first of all i would like to thank you for giving me notice of my prize . about your questions i would respond that july would be the month i could go to the camp , all this is of because my job finishes at the end of june . that way i should have plenty of time available for the camp . 
first of all , i would like to thank you for giving me the news about my prize . regarding your questions i would respond that july would be the month i could go to the camp , because my job finishes at the end of june . that way i should have plenty of time available for the camp . 
answering to you're next question , i rather stay at a log cabin , the thing is i have fobia towards insects and my doctor recomended me i should sleep in a closed area . 
to answer your next question , i would rather stay in a log cabin . the thing is , i have a phobia about insects and my doctor recommended that i should sleep in an enclosed area . 
for the question you made about activities my answer would be climbing and swimming . i choose this two activities because i used to practice them long time ago and besides i would say i have the skills and ability to make them . 
regarding the question you asked about activities my answer would be climbing and swimming . i choose these two activities because i used to practise do them a long time ago and besides i would say i have the skills and ability to do them . 
one more thin that is of my concern and you didn't mention . i would like to ask you if it's necesary to take money , food and clothes with me . 
one more thing that is concerning me and which you didn't mention . i would like to ask you if it's necessary to take money , food and clothes with me . 
with nothing further , i would like to thank you once again
with nothing further to add , i would like to thank you once again
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
amidio s . 
amidio s . 
student report
student report
now that the students have gather up this year to make a video about the best lessons and activities that we have in school , every thing posible of course with help of teacher mr. westbrook . 
now that the students have gathered together this year to make a video about the best lessons and activities that we have in school , everything possible of course with help of teacher mr. westbrook . 
it would be my suggestion to the producers of this video that they should get foucosed in our writing and culturs lessons . for cultur lessons we don't need to go so back in times , for the last 60 years our cultures have been changing enormously we can talk about computers , wars , cars , weapons , etc . . . . 
it would be my suggestion to the producers of this video that they should focused focus on our writing and culture lessons . for culture lessons we don't need to go so far back in time ; for the last 60 years our culture has been changing enormously and we can talk about computers , wars , cars , weapons , etc . . . . 
students should be aware about what's happening with their lives ; don't they ? 
students should be aware of what's happening in their lives , shouldn't they ? 
my next suggestion would be sports . althoug lots of people don't belive it , sports are the image of our school , i think the video would encourge students to do sports and be good athlets . besides that would keep us out of drugs , don't you think so ? 
my next suggestion would be sports . although lots of people don't believe it , our school has a sporting image . i think the video would encourage students to do sports and be good atheletes . besides , that would keep us away from drugs , don't you think ? 
thanks . 
thanks . 
amidio s . 
amidio s . 
dear mrs helen ryan , 
dear mrs helen ryan , 
i have received a letter from you saing that i have won the first prize in your competition and you need some information from me . 
i have received a letter from you saying that i have won the first prize in your competition and you need some information from me . 
i would like to travel on july because my hollydays are only on it and the wheather in california is better . i am that kind of person who enjoy to have a wild and simple life , so i prefer to be accommodated in tents . 
i would like to travel in july because my holidays are only in that month and the weather in california is better then . i am that kind of person who enjoys having a wild and simple life , so i prefer to stay in tents . 
about the activities , the first one i would like to do is play basketball which i have a lot of experience . the second one is sailing , but i am not so good in this sport . 
about the activities , the first one i would like to do is play basketball , which i have a lot of experience playing . the second one is sailing , but i am not so good at this sport . 
i would like to know some more information about the camp , before i left , which clothes are more appropriate and how much money should i take with me . 
i would like to know some more information about the camp , before i leave , what . what clothes are most appropriate and how much money should i take with me ? 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
augusto roy
augusto roy
dear kim , 
dear kim , 
how is everything ? is your dog better ? well here i'm very fine . i bought a new t . v . , it's very big and i love it ! 
how is everything ? is your dog better ? well here i'm very fine . i bought a new t . v . . it's very big and i love it ! 
in your last letter said that you want to know about my experience at the pop concert . i enjoy it very much , it was great ! there i helped with the special effects and the sound . they liked me so much and invited me to be the responsable with lights and sound . i told then that i will think about it but i belive i will accept the job . 
in your last letter you said that you want to know about my experience at the pop concert . i enjoyed it very much . it was great ! there i helped with the special effects and the sound . they liked me so much and invited me to be responsible for the lights and sound . i told them that i will think about it but i believe i will accept the job . 
the most increible part was the laser show . they were drowing a lot of things in the sky during the concert . 
the most incredible part was the laser show . they were drawing a lot of things in the sky during the concert . 
next time i'll take you and your friend monica . i'm shure that you are going to love it . 
next time i'll take you and your friend monica . i'm sure that you are going to love it . 
please write back
please write back
love and peace
love and peace
augusto . 
augusto . 
hi helen , 
hi helen , 
im very excited because i won the first prize and my family is very proud of me . 
i'm very excited because i won the first prize and my family is very proud of me . 
about the things you asked me in your letter i would like to go to camp california on july because that's the month when i go out from school and i have my vacations and i think it would be much easier that month . about my acommodations in the camp i would prefer to stay in a log cabin because it's safer than being in a tent and because you sleep more confortable . the activities that i would like to do are signing because my friend told me that im good at it . and the other activitie that i would like to do is climbing because i thing it very exciting although i have never tried climbing . because in my city there are no mountains . 
about the things you asked me in your letter , i would like to go to camp california in july because that's the month when term ends and i have my vacations and i think it would be much easier that month . about my accommodation at the camp , i would prefer to stay in a log cabin because it's safer than being in a tent and because you sleep more comfortable comfortably . the activities that i would like to do are singing , because my friend told me that i'm good at it , and the other activity that i would like to do is climbing because i think it is very exciting although i have never tried climbing , because there are no mountains in my city . 
i just want to ask you for something else . how many jeans , pants , sweater etc . . . do i have to take ? and how much money would i need to bring in my pocket ? 
i just want to ask you about something else . how many jeans , pants , sweaters etc . . . do i have to take ? and how much money do i need to bring in my pocket ? 
i appreciate that opportuniti that you are giving to me and im very thankful to you guys . 
i appreciate the opportunity that you are giving me and i'm very grateful to you guys . 
atte . henrique aguilar
atte . henrique aguilar
dear kim im having a great time here in brazil , i have been going out with some friends an now i have a girlfriend . shes very nice and very pretty too . , well on march 11th there was group here in brazil named " los jagoares " they sing pop music . and its one of my favorites and as you know i have a cousin that works as a organizer for all the bands that would like to have a concert in brazil and when my cousin knew that my favorite band was coming he called me and told me that if i would like to help them to install the speakers , microphones etc . . . and i said " sureman " . that night i went to the stadium and i met the singer his name is saul hernadez and he is very funny that night i had a lot of fun with them and of course i was on the first line in the concert . it was the best day of my life . i hope you are having fun and that you are ok . your friend henrique . 
dear kim i'm having a great time here in brazil , i have been going out with some friends and now i have a girlfriend . she's very nice and very pretty too . well on march 11th there was a group here in brazil called " los jagoares " , they sing pop music . and it's they are one of my favourites and as you know i have a cousin that works as an organizer for all the bands that would like to have a concert in brazil and when my cousin knew that my favourite band was coming he called me and asked me if i would like to help them to install the speakers , microphones etc . . . and i said , " sure man . " that night i went to the stadium and i met the singer . his name is saul hernadez and he is very funny . that night i had a lot of fun with them and of course i was in the first row at the concert . it was the best day of my life . i hope you are having fun and that you are ok . your friend henrique . 
dear sir/madam , 
dear sir/madam , 
i am writing in order to give you some further information that you enquired for the camp california . 
i am writing in order to give you some further information that you required for camp california . 
first of all , i would like to travel only in july due to my work commitment . i am allowed to take holiday only in july . 
first of all , i would like to travel only in july due to my work commitment . i am only allowed to take holiday in july . 
concerning accommodation , i would prefer to stay in log cabins . log cabins are bigger , more stable and usually more comfortable than tents . 
concerning accommodation , i would prefer to stay in log cabins . log cabins are bigger , more stable and usually more comfortable than tents . 
as requested , i have choosed two activities - sailing and surfing . i am quite experienced in surfing - i have participated some competitions - whereas not at all experienced in sailing . 
as requested , i have chosen two activities - sailing and surfing . i am quite experienced at surfing - i have participated in some competitions - whereas i am not at all experienced at sailing . 
i would like know if i need any particular clothes or if there could be any extra expenses for the camp . also , i would like to know if there is going to be qualified instructor for activities since i am a beginning in sailing as mentioned before . 
i would like know if i need any particular clothes or if there could be any extra expenses for the camp . also , i would like to know if there is going to be a qualified instructor for activities since i am a beginner at sailing as mentioned before . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours faithfully , 
yours faithfully , 
kan seo
kan seo
dear kim , 
dear kim , 
how are you ? thanks for your last letter . it was great to hear from you . 
how are you ? thanks for your last letter . it was great to hear from you . 
i'm sorry i haven't written before , but as you know , i've been very busy because i was helping at a pop concert last month . 
i'm sorry i haven't written before , but as you know , i've been very busy because i was helping at a pop concert last month . 
i have thoroughly enjoyed the experience . i helped people setting and decorating the concert hall which was great help for my major subject - you know that my subject is design . i also had to distribute the flyers . 
i have thoroughly enjoyed the experience . i helped people setting up and decorating the concert hall which was great help for my major subject - you know that my subject is design . i also had to distribute the flyers . 
what i particularly enjoyed was meeting the famous musicians i have been dreaming to see . the day i shaked their hands , i though i was over the moon ! i will never forget that day . 
what i particularly enjoyed was meeting the famous musicians i have been dreaming of seeing . the day i shook their hands , i thought i was over the moon ! i will never forget that day . 
write son and let me know what you have been doing . 
write soon and let me know what you have been doing . 
lots and lots of kisses , 
lots and lots of kisses , 
dear ms ryan
dear ms ryan
i'm very much surprised to receive your letter announcing the first prize in your competition and i'm looking forward to spend the two weeks at camp california . 
i'm very much surprised to receive your letter announcing the winner of the first prize in your competition and i'm looking forward to spending two weeks at camp california . 
just because i'm studying at the moment and i won't have my holidays till july . this is the month that best suits me . the second week of july would be perfect to start my trip . 
because i'm studying at the moment and i won't have my holidays till july , this , that is the month that best suits me . the second week of july would be perfect to start my trip . 
i would rather sleep in a log cabin . i find it will be much more comfortable than a tent . 
i would rather sleep in a log cabin . i think it will be much more comfortable than a tent . 
the leisure activities sound fantastic especially climbing and photography . i'm very keen on climbing . i've joined a climbing group in my town 2 years and reached the top of several middle-high mountains . the other activity i would like to try is photography . i have no previous experience on it but i wish i'd learn a lot . 
the leisure activities sound fantastic , especially climbing and photography . i'm very keen on climbing . i joined a climbing club in my town for 2 years ago and have reached the top of several middle-high mountains . the other activity i would like to try is photography . i have no previous experience of it but i want to learn a lot . 
however , there are some questions that i want to ask you about . do i need passport to travel ? what kind of clothes would be appropriate , winter or summer ? are there any food service at the camp ? 
however , there are some questions that i want to ask you . do i need a passport to travel ? what kind of clothes would be appropriate , winter or summer ? are there any food service at the camp ? 
i hope to hear from you soon . 
i hope to hear from you soon . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
this is a report to plan and suggest ideas for the daily life video at school . the activities suggested are write below . 
this is a report to plan and suggest ideas for the daily-life video at school . the activities suggested are written below . 
the opening time recording the students while they meet outside the school and come in could be a good begining . it would reflect the atmosphere when they meet early in the morning . 
the opening of the school , recording the students while they meet outside the school and come in , could be a good beginning . it would reflect the atmosphere when they meet early in the morning . 
filming lessons such as grammar lessons and speaking either theory lessons or practice would give a general idea about a day at school and how students work on their lessons . 
filming lessons such as grammar lessons and speaking either theory lessons or practice would give a general idea about a day at school and how students work on their lessons . 
why don't include some sports , for example , voleyball ? the team has been training very hard during last weeks . and they'll certainly feel very proud of being at the video . 
why don't we include some sports , for example , volleyball ? the team has been training very hard during the last weeks . and they'll certainly feel very proud of being in the video . 
the musical lessons and the singing club in the afternoon are very popular among the students of all courses . practically the whole school would appear on the video . 
the music lessons and the singing club in the afternoon are very popular among students from all courses . practically the whole school would appear on the video . 
i think that if we mix lessons with sport activities the combination will give us complete success . 
i think that if we mix lessons with sports activities the combination will give us complete success . 
hello ! 
dear madam 
my name is alois blau and i'm very happy that i've won this competition . unfortunately i can only travel in july , because i have to attend school until june the 30th and in august i have to work in an office for experience . i hope , that's possible . 
my name is alois blau and i'm very happy that i've won this competition . unfortunately i can only travel in july , because i have to attend school until june the 30th and in august i have to work in an office to get some work experience . i hope that's possible . 
i would prefer living in a tent during the two weeks because i think a tent is more natural . a log cabin doesn't sound like a camp holiday . it sounds like a summer-holiday at the beach of italy . 
i would prefer staying in a tent during the two weeks because i think a tent is more natural . a log cabin doesn't sound like a camping holiday . it sounds like a summer holiday on the coast of italy . 
from the activities i want to take golf and surfing . both activities i've never done in my life , so i am a complete beginner in playing golf and in surfing . but the reason i want to try these two activities are their image . golf play the wealthy people , the upper class of a town , and surfing sounds like freedom . 
from the activities you've offered i want to do golf and surfing . i've never done either in my life , so i am a complete beginner at playing golf and at surfing golf and at surfing . but the reason i want to try these two activities is their image . golf is played by wealthy people , a town's upper class , and surfing sounds like freedom . 
there is only one more question i want to ask: can i take my girl-friend with me , of course with paying ? 
there is only one more question i want to ask: can i take my girlfriend with me , of course , paying paying , of course ? 
i hope all my wishes are realizeable . 
i hope all my wishes are realisable . 
yours
yours
in my opinion shopping is not always enjoyable . very often , for example on friday afternoon or saturday , there are so many people in a shopping centre , that you can't move yourself forwards or backwards . many people say that this is real shopping , when you queue for hours to pay only a pair of socks or a bottle of mineral water at the supermarket . i think , you can't really enjoy shopping when there are hundreds of people and everyone wants to buy something . 
in my opinion shopping is not always enjoyable . very often , for example on friday afternoon or saturday , there are so many people in the shopping centre that you can't move forwards or backwards . many people say that this is real shopping , when you queue for hours only to pay for a pair of socks or a bottle of mineral water at the supermarket . i think you can't really enjoy shopping when there are hundreds of people and everyone wants to buy something . 
i like going shopping during the week , when i can look at each good a store sells . but for me it is better , when i go at the weekend because then i don't spend so much money because i think , before i have to queue for half an hour i buy nothing ! 
i like going shopping during the week , when i can look at each item a store sells . but for me it is better when i go at the weekend because then i don't spend so much money because i think before i have to queue for half an hour to buy something ! 
dear helen ryan , 
dear helen ryan , 
i am writing to thank for noticing me about the competition and i would be very grateful in giving to you the information was requiered in your letter . 
i am writing to thank you for notifying me about the competition and i would be very grateful to give to you the information that was required requested in your letter . 
i regret to inform you that i have had some problems in my full-time sales assistant job so , i would rather travel only in july than other months . 
i regret to inform you that i have had some problems in my full-time sales assistant job so , i would rather travel only in july than other months . 
about the accommodation i would like you to take careful consideration that i am ashmatic so , i would appreciatte it if you could reserve a bed in log cabins . 
about the accommodation , i would like you to take careful consideration of the fact that i am asthmatic , so i would appreciate it if you could reserve a bed in a log cabin . 
your letter also mentioned some kind of activities in which we can involve through the camping . i would like to choose painting and photography which are my favourites ones . i have recently finished a three year course of painting and i always be fascinated by the photography . 
your letter also mentioned some kind of activities in which we can get involved during the camp . i would like to choose painting and photography which are my favourite ones . i have recently finished a three-year course in painting and i have always been fascinated by photography . 
on the other hand , i would also like to know some about further details like wether we need to bring we us some clothes or it will be provided to us and if we need some money in case we have to afford something . 
on the other hand , i would also like to know about some further details like whether we need to bring with us some clothes some clothes with us or whether they will be provided for us and if we need some money in case we have to buy something . 
i hope to see you soon . 
i hope to see you soon . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
dear kim , 
dear kim , 
hi . how do you do ? you may be asking why i haven't written to you before . well , i've been very busy you know . two weeks ago i enrolled in a group to help on building a stage for a concert of a famous singer star . 
hi . how are you ? you may be asking why i haven't written to you before . well , i've been very busy , you know . two weeks ago i enrolled in a group to help on building a stage for a concert to be given by a famous singer . 
activities lasting almost 2 days and a half . 
the activities lasted almost 2 and a half days . 
the first day we have to move to the airport to bring all the equipment by lorries to the camp . it was really awful and hard . i finished the day too tired . however , the second day was less heavier than the first one . we just worked in building the stage and all those of thing . putting the instrument in the right place , testing all the microphone as well as the sound was the rest of the job . 
the first day we had to go to the airport to bring all the equipment by lorry to the camp . it was really awful and hard . i finished the day extremely tired . however , the second day was less heavy than the first one . we just worked on building the stage and all that sort of thing . putting the instruments in the right place , testing all the microphones as well as the sound was the rest of the job . 
at the end i must confess that it was really amazing hang up and down all the equipment which varied from small microphone to a marvellous huge large black screen of tv . 
at the end i must confess that it was really amazing hang up and down all the equipment , which varied from small microphones to a marvellous huge black tv screen . 
if you had this oportunitty one day , you had better buy the ticket to the concert or just watch it on tv but never do something like just to get a free pass . 
if you have this opportunity one day , you had better buy the ticket to the concert or just watch it on tv but never do something like this just to get a free pass . 
my regards to your family . write me soon . 
my regards to your family . write to me soon . 
dear helen ryan
dear helen ryan
thank you for your letter informing me that i have won the competition . below are the question that you have asked me . 
thank you for your letter informing me that i have won the competition . below are the answers to the questions that you have asked me . 
firstly i will be able to travel just in july because my class starts the month after this . 
firstly i will be able to travel only only be able to travel in july because my class starts the month after . 
secondly , although the long cabins appeal to me , i would prefer the tents because i think it is more comfortable and atractive . 
secondly , although the log cabins appeal to me , i would prefer a tent because i think it is more comfortable and attractive . 
finally i would like to practise basketball and swimming , because in my school i used to train those sports a lot . even now in a sport center , but not much . 
finally i would like to do basketball and swimming , because in my school i used to do those sports a lot . i still do so even now at a sports center , but not much . 
let me know which kind of cloth i have to carry with me as well as the money that we will need . 
let me know what kind of clothing i have to take with me as well as how much money we will need . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
shopping is not always enjoyable
shopping is not always enjoyable
nowadays most of the people are atractted by shopping centers , which is not always enjoyable . so , i have some opinions to this , which i would like to tell . 
nowadays most people are attracted to shopping centers , which are not always enjoyable . so , i have some opinions about this , which i would like to tell . 
first of all i think people have to be careful in the things that they buy because probably are not a good quality , this is very annoyed . 
first of all , i think people have to be careful about the things that they buy because probably are not good quality , which is very annoying . 
secondly , people have to look after their money in the shops , and don't spend it in the thing that they don't need because by the end of the month they won't have money . 
secondly , people have to look after their money in the shops , and not spend it on things that they don't need , because by the end of the month they won't have any money . 
finally i think the product of the shops are in a good quality and reasonable price , but sometimes the staff of the shop is not very friendly with you , i think is not very nice to buy the thing there , with these people . 
finally i think the products of the shops shops' products are good quality and reasonably priced , but sometimes the shop's staff is not very friendly to you . i don't think it's very nice to buy things there , with these people . 
dear helen ryan
dear helen ryan
i am very impressed that i have won your competition . as the letter said that all questions you would like to know , i'm going to give you in the following:
i am very impressed that i have won your competition . as the letter said that all questions you would like to know , i'm going to give you in the following:
firstly i would like to travel in july only because i have two months holiday which are july and august , i choose july because it is the only one month that i think i'm free . in august i have to work so . 
firstly , i would like to travel in july only because i have two months' holiday which are july and august . i choose july because it is the only month that i think i'm free . in august i have to work . 
secondly i prefer the tents because i've never been in that tent so i would like to try . 
secondly , i prefer the tents because i've never been in a tent so i would like to try . 
thirdly for the activities i would like to chose climbing and photography , i have never done them before . the only reason is i would like to try and i think they are matching activities , when you climb up the mountain then you can take the photograph of the views . 
thirdly , for the activities i would like to choose climbing and photography . i have never done them before . the only reason is i would like to try and i think they are matching activities . when you climb the mountain you can take photographs of the views . 
eventually i would like to ask you , are about money and clothes . how much do i have to bring the money ? and what is the weather like ? which i could bring them to be match the weather . 
finally , i would like to ask you about money and clothes . how much money do i have to bring ? and what is the weather like ? which what clothes i could bring them to be suit the weather . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
sintawichai chaow
sintawichai chaow
shopping is not always enjoyable
shopping is not always enjoyable
shopping is when human goes to the shop and buy what they went , however i think this word is for women because they like beautiful clothes all sort of things . 
shopping is when humans people go to the shops and buy what they want . however , i think this word is for women because they like beautiful clothes and all sorts of things . 
anyway shopping is not always enjoyable as the title because firstly you will get tied because you have to walk out and in the shops . secondly you will get angry on bad treatment of the sellers in the shop . thirdly if you're fat you won't find you size . forthly that product is too expensive for you and the last problem is you buy to much things but you have not got your own car so you have to carry big boxes by your self . 
anyway , shopping is not always enjoyable as the title states because firstly you will get tired because you have to walk in and out the shops . secondly you will get angry at the bad manners of the assistants in the shop . thirdly , if you're fat you won't find your size . fourthly , that product is too expensive for you and the last problem is you buy too many things but you have not got your own car so you have to carry big boxes by yourself . 
i think if you have lots of money and don't know what to do with it , do not go shopping give the money to charity , that is better than shopping . for me my opinions on this one is true it is boring , it might because i am a boy . 
i think if you have lots of money and don't know what to do with it , do not go shopping give the money to charity . that is better than shopping . in my opinion it is true it is boring . it might be because i am a boy . 
dear helen ryan
dear helen ryan
thank you very much for the prize two weeks at camp california in the usa . on the following there is some further information from me . 
thank you very much for the prize of two weeks at camp california in the usa . in the following there is some further information from me . 
i would like to travel only in july , because i have so many assignments to finish before the end of june . i do not think i have enough time to prepare somethings to travel before of july . in fact , i really do not mind to stay in log cabins , but i have never stayed in a tent before . i think its might be fun to try to stay in the tent this time . i would prefer to choose tennis and swimming . i used to be a tennis player when i was fifteen . i won first prize two years ago . the other activity is swimming . i started to learnt when i was five years old . i was a swimming teacher for a year in a sports club . now i own a swimming school and have trained the staffs every week . i think both activities i have chosen are suitable for me and i am sure i can do well . 
i would like to travel only in july , because i have so many assignments to finish before the end of june . i do not think i have enough time to prepare some things to travel before july . in fact , i really do not mind staying in log cabins , but i have never stayed in a tent before . i think it might be fun to try to stay in a tent this time . i would prefer to choose tennis and swimming . i used to be a tennis player when i was fifteen . i won first prize two years ago . the other activity is swimming . i started to learn when i was five years old . i was a swimming teacher for a year in a sports club . now i own a swimming school and train the staff every week . i think both activities i have chosen are suitable for me and i am sure i can do well . 
what type of clothes i should bring with me ? and is there any equipment i need to bring with me . i would like to know how much money i need to spend during a camping . 
what type of clothes should i bring with me ? and is there any equipment i need to bring with me ? i would like to know how much money i need to spend while camping . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
( mali ratana ) 
( mali ratana ) 
13th july 2000
13th july 2000
dear kim
dear kim
thank you very much for your letter that i just got last week . how are you ? i hope you have a nice summer time now . i wondered who had told you about i had helped a pop concert last month . anyway , it is doesn't matter now who had told you , but i was very happy and enjoyed it . well , i am going to tell you about it . 
thank you very much for your letter , which i just got last week . how are you ? i hope you are having a nice summertime summer now . i wondered who had told you that i helped at a pop concert last month . anyway , it doesn't matter now who told you , but i was very happy and enjoyed it . well , i am going to tell you about it . 
first of all , i had to been train by the concert's staff for a day . before the concert started i had to help the staff prepared a stage , like put the instruments where they should be on the stage , . and then , i had to help the singer to do some make up . i was very frightening i might put too much make up on their faces , but everything was allright . after that , i had to help them to prepare some lunch when the concert had started . i was running around to find something i could do , like serving some drinks for staffs or the singers . 
first of all , i had to be trained by the concert staff for a day . before the concert started i had to help the staff prepare a stage , doing things like putting the instruments where they should be on the stage . and then , i had to help the singer to put on some make-up . i was very frightened i might put too much make-up on their faces , but everything was all right . after that , i had to help them to prepare some lunch when the concert started . i was running around to find something i could do , like serving some drinks for the staff or the singers . 
after the concert finished i had to help them cleaned up everything . i was so tired , but enjoyed . i really like to help people without something back . this experience i was so prond and very enjoyed . i think i didn't waste my time at all . i spent my free time to helping them its made my life a little bit busy . i think i have learnt a lot from this experience . to helping people you should not expect anything back to you , except happiness and enjoyable . 
after the concert finished i had to help them clean up everything . i was so tired , but happy . i really like to help people without getting something back . this experience i was so proud of i was so proud of this experience and very happy . i don't think i wasted my time at all . i spent my free time helping them and it's made it made my life a little bit busy . i think i have learnt a lot from this experience . when helping people you should not expect anything back , except happiness and enjoyment . 
well , i think i must stop writing now . i hope you are enjoying with my experience . i hope to see you sometime next month . 
well , i think i must stop writing now . i hope you enjoyed hearing about my experience . i hope to see you sometime next month . 
love
love
13 . 06 . 2000
13 . 06 . 2000
dear mrs ryan , 
dear mrs ryan , 
your letter which says i won first prize in your competition has just been arrived . i love to come the camp california . thank you very much for making my dreams real . i always want to go and se usa ! 
your letter which says i won first prize in your competition has just arrived . i would love to come to the camp in california . thank you very much for making my dreams real . i always wanted to go and see the usa ! 
i would like to answer your questions about this trip . before everything , i'm living in leeds and also studying english in a college . such being the case , i need to wait until my college's lessons finishes . if it's possible for you i would prefer to come in july . before this time , i usually stay in log cabins , but i never had chance for staying in a tent . according to me , to say in the tents is mor exciting than to stay in the log cabins . that's why , i would love to choose tents for living for 2 weeks ! 
i would like to answer your questions about this trip . first of all , i'm living in leeds and also studying english at a college . therefore , i need to wait until my college's lessons have finished . if possible i would prefer to come in july . before now , i have usually stayed in log cabins , but i have never had the chance to stay in a tent . in my opinion , saying staying in tents is more exciting than staying in log cabins . that's why i would love to live in a tent for 2 weeks ! 
on the other hand , i've just learnt from your letter that i can have some sport activities during the camp . i'm very happy about this . because , i spent most of my scholl life for sports , specially for basketball . but , after staring to work , i hadn't any chance for playing basketball . now , you gave a opportunity . as a my second activities , i would like to choose photography , because my education was including photography , i love to take some photographs about nature . 
in addition , i've just learnt from your letter that i can do some sporting activities during the camp . i'm very happy about this because i spent most of my school life playing sports , especially basketball . but , after starting to work , i haven't had any opportunity to play basketball . now , you are giving me an opportunity . as my second activity , i would like to choose photography , because my education included photography . i love taking photographs of nature . 
meanwhile , i'd like to ask some questions to you . when i'm coming , what king of clothes could be able to wear in there ? and also , what do you think how much money , i'll need to spend for two weeks . i'm looking forward for your answers . 
meanwhile , i'd like to ask some questions you you some questions . when i come , what kind of clothes would i be able to wear there ? and also , how much money do you think i'll need for two weeks ? i'm looking forward to your answers . 
thank you very much . 
thank you very much . 
your sincerely . 
yours sincerely . 
elif
elif
dear kim , 
dear kim , 
hello ! i hope you're fine . because , in these days i'm very happy . i would like to write about a pop concert which i went last week . it was very good experience for me . because it was very different kind of pop music . they mixed up the our traditonal and pop music . 
hello ! i hope you're fine because these days i'm very happy . i would like to write about a pop concert which i went to last week . it was a very good experience for me because it was a very different kind of pop music . they mixed up our traditional music and pop music . 
i also helped them before the concert started . i learnt how to be ready for a big concert ! lots of people came this area , and i also learnt how to arrange something . then i was very tired but i enjoyed with the music very much . i hope next time , if you come hear , we can go together , may be you can help me ! 
i also helped them before the concert started . i learnt how to get ready for a big concert ! lots of people came to this area , and i also learnt how to arrange something . then i was very tired but i enjoyed the music very much . i hope next time , if you come here , we can go together , and maybe you can help me ! 
i would like to learn , what's happening in your life , as well . take care . . . 
i would like to hear about what's happening in your life , as well . take care . . . 
loves 
love 
dear mrs ryan , 
dear mrs ryan , 
in reply to your letter recieved the 13rd of june , i first would like to say that it is a great pleasure for me to have been choosed . 
in reply to your letter received on the 13th of june , i first would like to say that it is a great pleasure for me to have been chosen . 
first of all , you've asked me when i wanted to travel . in fact their would be only one possibility in july because i will end with my exams session at the end of this month and beginn a practical trainning the 1rst of august . 
first of all , you've asked me when i want to travel . in fact there would be only one possibility in july because i will finish my exams at the end of that month and begin vocational training the 1st of august . 
to continue with the others information you need , i would prefer to sleep in tent because of the proximity to the nature . 
to continue with the other information you need , i would prefer to sleep in a tent because of its proximity to nature . 
furthermore , i've choosed two activities whose are sailing and climbing . i've climbed for 3 years as i was at school and i think that my level is still not too bad . in contrary , i've never sailed in my life and would enjoy to start with at camp california . to end with , i would like to know how much money we will need for the free time and what kind of clothes and materials do i need to practise the activities i've choosed . 
furthermore , i've chosen two activities , which are sailing and climbing . i climbed for 3 years while i was at school and i think that my standard is still not too bad . conversely , i've never sailed in my life and would enjoy starting at camp california . to end , i would like to know how much money we will need for the free time and what kind of clothes and equipment do i need to do the activities i've chosen . 
i would like to thank you for all , and am looking forward to hearing from you in the near future . 
i would like to thank you for everything , and am looking forward to hearing from you in the near future . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
victoire bouchard
victoire bouchard
dear kim , 
dear kim , 
how are you ? 
how are you ? 
i've well received your last letter and want to thank your for the pictures you've joined with . you've asked me how was the leysin rock festival , but i still cannot find the words to explain how fabulous and unexpectable it was . 
i've received your last letter and want to thank you for the pictures you enclosed . you've asked me how the leysin rock festival was , but i still cannot find the words to explain how fabulous and unexpectable it was . 
as you know , i was there to help for the good running of the concert and there was a lot of different things to do . 
as you know , i was there to help with the running of the concert and there were a lot of different things to do . 
first , i had to control the tickets at the entry . in addition , there were some vip's to place . then , during the concert i've helped to serve the beers at the bar . i've met a lot of interresting people while i was serving . 
first , i had to check the tickets at the entrance . in addition , there were some vips to place . then , during the concert , i helped to serve the beers at the bar . i met a lot of interesting people while i was serving drinks . 
furthermore , i had to make announcements at the loudspeaker for the children who where lost . 
furthermore , i had to make announcements over the loudspeaker for the children who were lost . 
all was very interresting , but what i particularly liked about the experience is the human relations . 
everything was very interesting , but what i particularly liked about the experience was the human relations . 
i've met a lot of different people and they all have learned me something new about behaviour or compation . i hope we will see us as soon as possible and am waiting for your answer . 
i met a lot of different people and they all have taught taught me something new about behaviour or compassion . i hope we will see each other as soon as possible and i am waiting for your reply . 
love
love
victoire
victoire
xxx
xxx
dear mr. ryan
dear mr. ryan
i refer to your letter regarding the prize i have won in your competition . 
i refer to your letter regarding the prize i have won in your competition . 
i was really pleased to find out that i have an opportunity to spend two weeks at camp california in the u . s . a . 
i was really pleased to find out that i have an opportunity to spend two weeks at camp california in the u . s . a . 
as requested in your letter please find below some additional information about me and my plans . 
as requested in your letter please find below some additional information about me and my plans . 
i would like to travel in june as i have already arranged for a part time job later this summer . 
i would like to travel in june as i have already arranged for a part-time job a part-time job for later this summer . 
i prefer to stay in a tent as i go campping every summer and am used to slipping in tents . 
i prefer to stay in a tent so i go camping every summer and am used to sleeping in tents . 
from the list of activities , which was provided by you , i'd like to choose photography and swimming . i'm very good at swimming as i have been a member of different swimming clubs since i was 6 and i chose photograthy because i have a new camera and want somebody to teach me how to use it . 
from the list of activities , which was provided by you , i'd like to choose photography and swimming . i'm very good at swimming as i have been a member of various swimming clubs since i was 6 and i chose photography because i have a new camera and want somebody to teach me how to use it . 
at the end i would like to ask you to let me know how much money &amp; what kind of clothes i have to take with me . 
finally i would like to ask you to let me know how much money &amp; what kind of clothes i have to take with me . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you soon . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you soon . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
report
report
subject: video about daily life at our school . 
subject: video about daily life at our school . 
introduction: to support an idea to make a short video about daily life at our school i have spend some time discussing it with other students , observing and analaising an avrege day in our scholl and came up with some suggestions . 
introduction: to support an idea to make a short video about daily life at our school i have spent some time discussing it with other students , and observing and analysing an average day in our school and have come up with some suggestions . 
places to video: we should try to video not only class rooms but also our playground , cafe , sport hall , art club &amp; library . most students spend a lot of their time in such places and they are very important part of our school life . 
places to video: we should try to video not only classrooms but also our playground , cafe , sports hall , art club &amp; library . most students spend a lot of their time in such places and they are a very important part of our school life . 
activities to video: we should show students during their formal studies as well as after lessons . i think it is a good idea to include a record of one of our big events such as anual sport turnament or wellcoming evening for new students . 
activities to video: we should show students during their formal studies as well as after lessons . i think it is a good idea to include a record of one of our big events such as the annual sports tournament or welcoming evening for new students . 
conclugen : to sum up the above i'd like to suggest not to film anything longer than 1 or 2 minuts and have a nice mixture of places , faces and events . 
conclusion : to sum up the above i'd like to suggest not filming anything longer than 1 or 2 minutes and having a nice mixture of places , faces and events . 
if you have any further comments or questions regarding this case please let me know . 
if you have any further comments or questions regarding this matter please let me know . 
king regards
king regards
dear miss/mrs . ryan , 
dear miss/mrs . ryan , 
i have just received the excellent news about the prize i have won and i am writing to you in order to give you all the details you need . 
i have just received the excellent news about the prize i have won and i am writing to you in order to give you all the details you need . 
firstly , i can only travel in july , as it is then when i get my holiday from my present job . 
firstly , i can only travel in july , as it is then that i am on holiday from my present job . 
secondly , i would rather stay in a tent , because when i was a child i used to go to a campsite and stay in a tent with my family for two weeks every summer and i thoroughly enjoyed it . 
secondly , i would rather stay in a tent , because when i was a child i used to go to a campsite and stay in a tent with my family for two weeks every summer and i thoroughly enjoyed it . 
about the activities i can choose from , i would be delighted if i could sing , because it is something that i have always loved and , although perhaps i should not say that myself , i think i have a nice voice . 
about the activities i can choose from , i would be delighted if i could sing , because it is something that i have always loved and , although perhaps i should not say it myself , i think i have a nice voice . 
i am also very fond of photography , so when i have seen that it is among your options it has been a wonderful surprise . 
i am also very fond of photography , so when i saw that it is among your options it was a wonderful surprise . 
finally , i would like to ask you which kind of clothes are more suitable for that time of the year at the camp , the amount of money that more or less i would need to bring with me and if there is any cooking equipment to cook the meals ourselves . 
finally , i would like to ask you what kind of clothes are more suitable for that time of the year at the camp , the amount of money that , more or less , i would need to bring with me and if there is any cooking equipment to cook the meals ourselves . 
i am looking forward to receiving your prompt reply . 
i am looking forward to receiving your prompt reply . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
dear kim , 
dear kim , 
thanks very much for your last letter . because i could see how anxious you are to know about my experience at the radiohead concert last month , i'll tell you something: it was fantastic . 
thanks very much for your last letter . because i could see how anxious you are to know about my experience at the radiohead concert last month , i'll tell you something: it was fantastic . 
i friend of mine had been helping at a few concerts before , so that time the agency rang him and asked him if he could bring someone else , because they'd run out of stuff . he asked to me to go and when he told me the group was radiohead i felt the luckiest person in the world ( you know i've always been an enthusiastic fan of them , so you can imagine how excited i was ) . i couldn't wait for it . 
i friend of mine had been helping at a few concerts before , so that time the agency rang him and asked him if he could bring someone else , because they'd run out of staff . he asked me to go and when he told me the group was radiohead i felt like the luckiest person in the world ( you know i've always been an enthusiastic fan of them , so you can imagine how excited i was ) . i couldn't wait for it . 
when we arrived there we had to prepare the stage , clean everything and put a number on each seat . 
when we arrived there we had to prepare the stage , clean everything and put a number on each seat . 
but the most amazing thing happened later , when ten minutes before the concert began , my friend told me we could see it from the backside of the stage . for a while i thought it was a dream . the playing was excellent , the public enjoyed it very much but , above all , i was there , at ten metres from my favourite group . i even got a few friendly words from the singer in a piece of paper: i hope you've enjoyed it . and his signature . i'll always keep it like a treasure . 
but the most amazing thing happened later , when , ten minutes before the concert began , my friend told me we could see it from backstage . for a while i thought it was a dream . the music was excellent , the audience enjoyed it very much but , above all , i was there , ten metres from my favourite group . i even got a few friendly words from the singer on a piece of paper: i hope you've enjoyed it . and his signature . i'll always treasure it . 
i'll show you the photographs i took next time you come to visit me , o . k ? till then , take care yourself . 
i'll show you the photographs i took next time you come to visit me , ok ? till then , take care of yourself . 
love , 
love , 
dear helen
dear helen
i have just received the letter with the result of your competition . i feel really enthusiastic about spending a couple of weeks at camp california . unfortunately , as i will be on traineeship in august , i hope this could occur in july . 
i have just received the letter with the result of your competition . i feel really enthusiastic about spending a couple of weeks at camp california . unfortunately , as i will be on traineeship in august , i hope this can occur in july . 
besides i would prefer staying in a tent . it provides me a feeling of adventure which is very exciting . i'm also very glad to see such a variety of activities at the camp . it's quite difficult to say wether i prefer painting or sailing . all in all i have never practised golf nor surfing , so let's try it ! 
besides i would prefer staying in a tent . it gives me a feeling of adventure , which is very exciting . i'm also very glad to see such a variety of activities on offer at the camp . it's quite difficult to say whether i prefer painting or sailing . all in all i have never tried golf or surfing , so let's try it ! 
eventually , i would like to know where the camp is located . will i have the opportunity to visit san franscico or los angles ? i would love it ! moreover , how much money will i need if i want to go out at night ? these are some further details i keep wondering about . i'm looking for your answer . 
finally , i would like to know where the camp is located . will i have the opportunity to visit san franscico or los angles ? i would love it ! moreover , how much money will i need if i want to go out at night ? these are some further details i keep wondering about . i'm waiting for your answer . 
yours sincerely 
yours sincerely 
ignace cloutier . 
ignace cloutier . 
daily life at school:
daily life at school:
what should be filmed . 
what should be filmed . 
first of all , i would like to lay the emphasis on the fact that this report can be seen by the director of the school . therefore it must be objective . then it may improve our day life at school . 
first of all , i would like to lay the emphasis on the fact that this report can be seen by the headmaster . therefore it must be objective . then it may improve our daily life at school . 
it would be interesting to film a math lesson . as it is very boring , everybody would understand how difficult it is to get good marks at the final examination . 
it would be interesting to film a math lesson . as it is very boring , everybody would understand how difficult it is to get good marks in the final examination . 
then i would like to film the computer rooms . sometimes there is so much people that you have to wait half an hour to get one computer . if only we could get some new ones . 
then i would like to film the computer rooms . sometimes there are so many people that you have to wait half an hour to get a computer . if only we could get some new ones . 
eventually , it would be nice to make a sequence with lots of sports activities . it would bring some rhythm to the video . moreover it will show of healthy the students are . 
eventually , it would be nice to film a sequence with lots of sports activities . it would bring some rhythm to the video . moreover it will show off how healthy the students are . 
these are some ideas we could discuss over . 
these are some ideas we could discuss . 
dear sir or madam
dear sir or madam
thank you for the letter . it was great to hear from you . i was surprised that i have won . 
thank you for the letter . it was great to hear from you . i was surprised that i have won . 
by the way , i would like to travel in july , because just i have free time in july . moreover , i am keen on in summer . 
by the way , i would like to travel in july , because i just have free time in july . moreover , i am keen on summer . 
as can be seen from your letter , i can choose accommodation . i would prefer to stay in tents . one reason why i choose tents is that i can feel wild life more than i stay in log cabins . 
as can be seen from your letter , i can choose accommodation . i would prefer to stay in tents . one reason why i choose tents is that i can feel wildlife nature more than if i stay in log cabins . 
according to your letter , there are 10 main activities which i can choose 2 and play while i am on the holiday . i would like to play basketball and golf . both of them i am not as good as you expect , but recently i have been intrested in those . 
according to your letter , there are 10 main activities which i can choose 2 and play while i am on the holiday . i would like to play basketball and golf . both of them i am not as good as you expect , but recently i have been interested in them . 
finally , i would like to ask some question such as clothes and money . what kind of clothes are much to the camp ? furthermore this is first time i have been to abroad therefore i don't know how much money i should bring . 
finally , i would like to ask some questions such as about clothes and money . what kind of clothes are much to the camp ? furthermore , this is the first time i have been abroad , therefore i don't know how much money i should bring . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you
i am looking forward to hearing from you
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
dear kim
dear kim
how have you been doing recently . i have been busy anyway . i want to tell you how much i enjoyed helping at a pop concert . 
how have you been doing recently ? i have been busy anyway . i want to tell you how much i enjoyed helping at a pop concert . 
it was begining of this summer . one of my friends suggested that we should have had part time job which was that . both of us are keen on pop music . although at first i didn't wand to do it , because it was in summer . it must have been hot . 
it was at the beginning of this summer . one of my friends suggested that we should have a part-time job , which was that . both of us are keen on pop music . although at first i didn't want to do it , because it was in summer . it must have been hot . 
howeve , we decided to have the job , because of good money . 
however , we decided to have the job , because of good money . 
howeve it was great job i haven't hade such experience . i could see a great number of pop stars in front of us . can you believe that . 
however , it was a great job . i haven't hade such a great experience before . i could see a great number of pop stars in front of us . can you believe that ? 
my job just prepear drink for them . moreover one of famous stars gave me a sign . i will never forget at that time . 
my job just prepare to prepare drinks for them . moreover , one of the famous stars gave me a signature . i will never forget that time . 
i must sign off as i want to catch the post . 
i must sign off as i want to catch the post . 
could you being in touch and send back a letter . 
could you being in touch and send back a letter . 
a big hug from me
a big hug from me
dear helen
dear helen
i'm very happy for winning the first prize in the competition . i think it would be a very good experience for me . i'm realy excited about it . 
i'm very happy to have won the first prize in the competition . i think it will be a very good experience for me . i'm really excited about it . 
fist of all i'm going to give some informations about me . 
first of all i'm going to give you some information about myself . 
actually , i'd prefer to travel in july , because i'm working at the moment , in a company , and i'll only have two weeks off in the period between the fifteenth and the thirtieth of july . i'd love to come earlier , but i realy can't because this job is very important for me , and i'll need it as a work experience , for my further studies in the university . 
actually , i'd prefer to travel in july , because i'm working at the moment for a company , and i'll only have two weeks off , the period between the fifteenth and the thirtieth of july . i'd love to come earlier , but i really can't because this job is very important to me , and i'll need it as work experience for my further studies at university . 
i will also appreciate , if you would offer me accomodation in a log cabin , because of some health problems that i have , which are not allow me to leave outsid on the ground , and to be honest with you , i never liked camping . i'd also like to choose photography and painting from the list of activities , because i've studied arts for three years , and these two are my favourite hobbies . 
i would also appreciate it if you would offer me accommodation in a log cabin , because of some health problems that i have , which do not allow me to sleep outside on the ground , and to be honest with you , i never liked camping . i'd also like to choose photography and painting from the list of activities , because i've studied art for three years , and these two are my favourite hobbies . 
i'd also like to ask you how much money i'll need for these two weeks , and what kind of clothes should i take with me , because i've never been to the states , and i don't know how the weather is in california during the summer . 
i'd also like to ask you how much money i'll need for these two weeks , and what kind of clothes i should take with me , because i've never been to the states , and i don't know what the weather is like in california during the summer . 
i'm looking forward hearing from you . 
i'm looking forward to hearing from you . 
your sincerely
yours sincerely
shopping is an obsession for all of us . we all like going out to the shops , and spend hours , looking all sorts of products and comparing the prices , until we decide which one is the most suitable for us . 
shopping is an obsession for all of us . we all like going out to the shops , and spending hours looking at all sorts of products and comparing the prices , until we decide which one is the most suitable for us . 
but shopping is not always enjoyable . especially if you are going with women or children to the shops . that is my worst nightmare . i never go shopping with women and especially with my mother or my sisters . and that's because they spend hours trying on any kind of clothes , everything you can imagine , and at the end they are not buying anything . they also like going to loads of shops , in different parts of the city . at the end i feel very tired and angry , because i spent the whole morning doing nothing , except from looking at them trying diferent clothes , and that's not enjoyable at all , in fact it's realy annoying . 
but shopping is not always enjoyable . especially if you go with women or children to the shops . that is my worst nightmare . i never go shopping with women , especially with my mother or my sisters . and that's because they spend hours trying on all kinds of clothes , everything you can imagine , and at the end they do not buy anything . they also like going to loads of shops , in different parts of the city . at the end i feel very tired and angry , because i have spent the whole morning doing nothing , except for looking at them trying on different clothes , and that's not enjoyable at all , in fact it's really annoying . 
also , you have to be careful when you go for shopping with children . children always ask for something and they want to have all they toys which they see and that's not very enjoyable for the parents , because sometimes they spend more money , from the amount of money that they have planned . 
also , you have to be careful when you go shopping with children . children always ask for something and they want to have all the toys which they see and that's not very enjoyable for the parents , because sometimes they spend more money than they had planned . 
dear sir . 
dear sir . 
thank you very much for informing me i've won the prize . to let you arrange the details of your programe , i'm going to give my answers to you . 
thank you very much for informing me that i've won the prize . to let you arrange the details of your programme , i'm going to give you my answers . 
firstly , i'd like to travel in july because i've already resistered another summer course which starts in the end of july . sorry about that but i can make that travel only in july . 
firstly , i'd like to travel in july because i've already registered on another summer course which starts at the end of july . sorry about that but i can make that trip only in july . 
about accomodation , i prefer in tents to log cabins . because i haven't used tents for ages so this time , i want to have tents for 2 weeks which will remind me of my childhood with my family . 
about accommodation , i prefer tents to log cabins . this is because i haven't used tents for ages so this time , i want to have tents for 2 weeks which will remind me of my childhood with my family . 
i'm very keen on photography , especially while i'm staying in sates . i might have lots of chances to take photos of beautiful nature . so i'm longing to take part in that activity , photography . actually i've been in amature photographer's organization for 3 years . and i'd like to choose swimming as the other one . i learned swimming at my age of 8 for 5 years and i still love swimming . at that time , i took the course which covered all the 4 kinds of strocks . 
i'm very keen on photography , especially while i'm staying in the states . i might have lots of chances to take photos of beautiful countryside , so i'm longing to take part in that activity , photography . actually i've been in an amateur photographer's organization for 3 years . and i'd like to choose swimming as the other one . i learned swimming at the age of 8 for 5 years and i still love swimming . at that time , i took the course which covered all the 4 kinds of strokes . 
finally , could you let me know how the weather is like in july in states ? then i can prepare my clothes suitable for that weather . and please tell me how much money i am supposed to need excluding transport and accomodation . 
finally , could you let me know what the weather is like in july in the states ? then i can pack suitable clothes for that weather . and please tell me how much money i am supposed to need excluding transport and accommodation . 
thanks loads
thanks loads
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
kyon chwa
kyon chwa
all the students in my class are excited about that work and now we're in the process of discussion about what will be filmed . some students suggested very brilliant ideas . 
all the students in my class are excited about that work and now we're in the process of discussion about what will be filmed . some students suggested very brilliant ideas . 
we've been thinking about the plot , at first , and we decided it would be the best way , the flow of time . the lessons we have in the morning doesn't attract us very much , but this bit will show you routine scenery of a lesson . spoken english lessons which is in the afternoon are quite interesting . every students keep talking about he theme and give their opinions . so we're going to organize about 10 minutes' short debate just for this video , but we haven't decided when it will be and the subject . 
we've been thinking about the plot , at first , and we decided it would be the best way , the flow of time . the lessons we have in the morning doesn't attract us very much , but this bit will show you the routine scenario of a lesson . spoken english lessons which are in the afternoon are quite interesting . all the students keep talking about the theme and giving their opinions . so we're going to organize about 10 minutes' short debate just for this video , but we haven't decided when it will be and the subject . 
after the class is also very essential part of school life . because we go to the pub which is situated near to the school quite often and we talk more about personal stories that make us closer , the pub after the lessons will be interesting . 
after the class is also a very essential part of school life , because we go to the pub which is situated near to the school quite often and we talk more about personal stories that make us closer . the pub after the lessons will be interesting . 
if you don't mind , we want to film teachers' room as well . your preperation for lessons , everyday chats and so on . if you allow us to film those things , we'll be very happy . 
if you don't mind , we want to film the teachers' room as well . your preperation for lessons , everyday chats and so on . if you allow us to film those things , we'll be very happy . 
when things become more obvious and more things are decided , i'll report again . 
when things become more obvious and more things are decided , i'll report again . 
dear mrs ryan , 
dear mrs ryan , 
i have just received your letter and i'm writing back to tell you how much it made me happy to win this prize and to give you the answers to your questions . 
i have just received your letter and i'm writing back to tell you how happy it made me to win this prize and to give you the answers to your questions . 
i would like to travel in july because i can only see my family during the month of august . concerning the accomodation , i prefer to live in log cabins finding them much more comfortable than tents ! 
i would like to travel in july because i can only see my family during the month of august . concerning the accommodation , i prefer to stay in log cabins , finding them much more comfortable than tents ! 
finally , i decided to choose singing and basketball because my friends say i'm good at both . singing has always been a hobby and takes an important part in my life . singing relaxes me when i am stressed before exams or competitions . 
finally , i decided to choose singing and basketball because my friends say i'm good at both . singing has always been a hobby and is an important part in my life . singing relaxes me when i am stressed before exams or competitions . 
basketball is simply my favourite sport . it makes me feel very free and makes me forget all my daily problems . i actually have won a basketball prize when i was young . . . ! 
basketball is simply my favourite sport . it makes me feel very free and makes me forget all my daily problems . i actually have won a basketball prize when i was young . . . ! 
to finish off , i would like to ask you how much money is needed for my personal shopping and what kind of clothes i should take . 
to finish off , i would like to ask you how much money is needed for my personal shopping expenses and what kind of clothes i should take . 
i hope i haven't been too " demanding " . 
i hope i haven't been too " demanding " . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
marthe ouellet
marthe ouellet
making a short video about daily life is an enjoyable but difficult thing to do . 
making a short video about everyday life is an enjoyable but difficult thing to do . 
we would concentrate on students imagination , creation and talent . to do that , it is more interesting to go to art , music and drama classes . effectively , in these classes , students express themselves more than in other classes . 
we should concentrate on students' imaginations , creativity and talents . to do that , it is more interesting to go to art , music and drama classes . effectively , in these classes , students express themselves more than in other classes . 
however , it is important to observe students attention and therefore we should film them during an exam ( but only for a short period of time ) 
however , it is important to observe students' attention and therefore we should film them during an exam ( but only for a short period of time ) . 
a school teaches you how to be polite and respectful . the cafeteria is an interesting place to go because one can see if students respect food and if they remain polite towards each other . it is important to remember that short shots should be taken for each subject . 
a school teaches you how to be polite and respectful . the cafeteria is an interesting place to go because one can see if students respect food and if they remain polite towards each other . it is important to remember that close-ups should be taken of each subject . 
students walking and talking in corridors should be filmed so that we also show how students relax between two lessons . 
students walking and talking in corridors should be filmed so that we also show how students relax between two lessons . 
i think these are the best advices i can give and hope that one understands the main idea which is to concentrate more on students attitudes than on lessons . 
i think this is the best advice i can give and hope that you understand the main idea , which is to concentrate more on students' attitudes than on lessons . 
dear mrs . helen ryan:
dear mrs . helen ryan:
i have received your letter bout the competition and i am very glad about it . 
i have received your letter about the competition and i am very glad about it . 
i would like to travel on july , please , because that when i am in vacation . that is really the only time i have , unfortunately . 
i would like to travel in july , please , because that is when i am on vacation . that is really the only time i have , unfortunately . 
i would love it if i could be accommodated in a tent . i'm looking forward to learning how to take care of myself in dangerous situations , such as getting lost in a forest , and i think being in a tent will be very usefull for that . i'd also like to get in touch with nature , and that is a great way . 
i would love it if i could stay in a tent . i'm looking forward to learning how to take care of myself in dangerous situations , such as getting lost in a forest , and i think staying in a tent will be very useful for that . i'd also like to get in touch with nature , and that will be a great way to do that . 
about the activities listed on your letter , i choose basketball and singing . i have played basketball for six years , and i've in competitions for five years . i have good singing skills too . i have sung in the church's choir for three years , and i have had singing classes at school since first grade . i have recorded a demo tape , which i can send to you if you will , in which i also play the guitar . 
about the activities listed in your letter , i choose basketball and singing . i have played basketball for six years , and i've been in competitions for five years . i have good singing skills too . i have sung in the church's choir for three years , and i have had singing classes at school since first grade . i have recorded a demo tape , which i can send to you if you like , in which i also play the guitar . 
i would like to know how cold it is up there , for me to know what kind of clothes i should bring . 
i would like to know how cold it is up there , so i know what kind of clothes i should bring . 
yours truthfully 
yours sincerely 
benedito alencar
benedito alencar
dear kim , 
dear kim , 
there was a huge madonna show in a soccer stadium here in so paulo . the most amazing thing is that i helped on it ! 
there was a huge madonna show in a soccer stadium here in so paulo . the most amazing thing is that i helped at it ! 
i helped setting up the sound equipment , programming the light system on the computer , tidy up madonna's room ! i helped with the selling of the tickets , with the security , with the designing . . . 
i helped with setting up the sound equipment , programming the light system on the computer , and tidying up madonna's room ! i helped with the selling of the tickets , with the security , with the designing . . . 
but the unpredicted was that i actually got to meet maddy , and talk to her for almost one hour ! the material girl's the sweetest person in the world , totally unlike the media says . mo' told me everything about her new album , " music " , and how the single with the same name had slipped into the internet in the up3 format . she sang to me part of the album's second single , " how it feels like for a girl " ! 
but the unexpected thing was that i actually got to meet maddy , and talk to her for almost one hour ! the material girl's the sweetest person in the world , totally unlike what the media says about her . mo' told me everything about her new album , " music " , and how the single of the same name had slipped onto the internet in the up3 format . she sang to me part of the album's second single , " how it feels like for a girl " ! 
her daughter , lourdes maria , is such a pretty little girl , that i couldn't take my eyes off of her . her boyfriend , guy richie , was there too , and he's a really good person . 
her daughter , lourdes maria , is such a pretty little girl that i couldn't take my eyes off of her . her boyfriend , guy richie , was there too , and he's a really good person . 
this is something i will never ever foget . the show after was great . i couldn't believe that i had met that superstar that was dancing in front of a crouded soccer stadium . hope you enjoy the pictures , got one autograph for you . 
this is something i will never ever forget . the show afterwards was great . i couldn't believe that i had met that superstar who was dancing in front of a crowded soccer stadium . hope you enjoy the pictures . i got one autograph for you . 
yours faithfully , benedito . 
yours faithfully , benedito . 
dear madam:
dear madam:
i just receive your letter with the good news . i am very happy for winning the first prize in your competition and i am glad to tell you that i am planning to go but i can only travel on july because i have to work until the end of june . 
i just received your letter with the good news . i am very happy about winning the first prize in your competition and i am glad to tell you that i am planning to go , but i can only travel in july because i have to work until the end of june . 
for the accommodation i would like to have log cabins rather than tents because two weeks is quite a long time and i think they are more comfortable and give you more privacy . 
regarding the accommodation , i would like to have a log cabin rather than a tent because two weeks is quite a long time and i think they are more comfortable and give you more privacy . 
i enjoy swimming and singing and i would like to join others in these activities . i am an average swimmer and as a singer i am not a start but it would be fun to share my songs with the holiday makers . 
i enjoy swimming and singing and i would like to join others in these activities . i am an average swimmer and as a singer i am not a beginner and it would be fun to share my songs with the holiday makers . 
can you please give me some recomendations about the clothes i will need and also the cost of the food there to make my budget . 
can you please give me some recommendations about the clothes i will need and also the cost of the food there to plan my budget . 
thank you for these wonderful two weeks at camp california . 
thank you for these wonderful two weeks at camp california . 
yours faithfully
yours faithfully
shopping is not always enjoyable
shopping is not always enjoyable
in my opinion shopping sometimes is really boring specially when you buy at the supermarkets almost all the time the same things like cleaning products and the ingredients for every day food . 
in my opinion shopping is sometimes really boring , especially when you buy the same things at the supermarkets almost all the time , like cleaning products and the ingredients for everyday recipes . 
on the other hand everything looks different if i have to make a present for someone in my family . i start thinking what she or he prefer and i try my best buying something apropiate doesn't matter how much money does it cost . 
on the other hand everything looks different if i have to get a present for someone in my family . i start thinking about what she or he prefers and i try my best to buy something appropriate no matter how much money it costs . 
in conclusion most of the time that you spend shopping you put a lot of effort choosing things and making decissions and they are more or less important , or more or less enjoyable depends on what , why , where and who is the person that you are interested to please . 
in conclusion most of the time that you spend shopping you put a lot of effort into choosing things and making decisions and they are more or less important , or more or less enjoyable depending on what , why , where and who is the person that you are interested in pleasing . 
13 . 06 . 00
13 . 06 . 00
dear mrs ryan , 
dear mrs ryan , 
i would like to thank you for first prize . i am really surprised that i have won . i have not expect it . 
i would like to thank you for the first prize . i am really surprised that i have won . i did not expect it . 
i would like to send you some futher information which you need . i can only come in july because i am working in the office and i cannot take two weeks off in other month . 
i would like to send you some further information which you need . i can only come in july because i am working in the office and i cannot take two weeks off in any other month . 
i am greatful that i have the chance to choose an accomodation . i would rather stay in a tent if its not problem for you . i would like to experience a reall camp again . i used to be a scout . 
i am grateful that i have the chance to choose the accommodation . i would rather stay in a tent if it's not a problem for you . i would like to experience a real camp again . i used to be a scout . 
i need relax after year in the office thats why i choose photography and painting which are not very active . i am very shy person and i would prefer to stay in a small group of people , if its possible . 
i need to relax after a year in the office , that's why i choose photography and painting which are not very active . i am a very shy person and i would prefer to stay in a small group of people , if it's possible . 
i have to questions . i would like to ask you which kind of clothes i should take and i would like to know your opinion how much money i should take . 
i have two questions . i would like to ask you which kind of clothes i should take and i would like to know your opinion as to how much money i should take . 
i would like to thank you onc again for this great opportiunity . 
i would like to thank you once again for this great opportunity . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you
i am looking forward to hearing from you
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
apolonia gorski
apolonia gorski
we would like to belive that shopping is the most wonderful part of our life . after working all week , finally on saturday we can do shopping . we love spending money , but spending money is not always enjoyable . 
we would like to believe that shopping is the most wonderful part of our life . after working all week , finally on saturday we can go shopping . we love spending money , but spending money is not always enjoyable . 
problems start when we cannot find any space to park our car . when we finally do this , we cannot go confortable because of crowd . why its always the same ! the answer is that we choose the same street ( usually the most popular ) and the same time as six hundrets other people . we become customers who want to do their shopping with pleasure . i think we can achieve pleasure at home with our new goods . 
problems start when we cannot find any space to park our car . when we finally do this , we cannot be comfortable because of the crowds . why it's always the same ! the answer is that we choose the same street ( usually the most popular ) and the same time as six hundreds hundred other people . we become customers who want to do their shopping with pleasure . i think we can achieve pleasure at home with our new goods . 
dear helen ryan . 
dear helen ryan , 
i'm very pleased to hearing from you , and i'm glad i've got this chance to go to the camp california in the u . s . a . for two weeks . 
i'm very pleased to hear from you , and i'm glad i've got this chance to go to the camp california in the u . s . a . for two weeks . 
firstly i must say that i'll be able to have two weeks free only in july , since i started work and intitled to have a holiday only in july . 
firstly , i must say that i'll be able to have two weeks free only in july , since i have started work and am entitled to have a holiday only in july . 
secondly , i'd prefer to accommodate myself in one of the log cabins , as they are more comfortable , usually have central heating and other necessary facilities . 
secondly , i'd prefer to stay in one of the log cabins , as they are more comfortable , usually have central heating and other necessary facilities . 
despite my appriciation of all kinds of sports and activities , i'd choose my favourite ones , which are swimming and tennis . as i was a champion of swimming competition in russia in 1997 , i'd like to continue to practice my skills . also i like to play tennis , which is beautiful " game " itself and good for figure . 
despite my appreciation of all kinds of sports and activities , i've chosen my favourite ones , which are swimming and tennis . as i was a champion in a swimming competition in russia in 1997 , i'd like to continue to practise my skills . also i like to play tennis , which is a beautiful " game " itself and good for the figure . 
in the conclusion i would like to ask if i need to take some money with me and how much ? what kind of clothes will i need in the u . s . a . in july ? probably summer clothes mostly ? 
in conclusion finally , i would like to ask if i need to take some money with me and how much . what kind of clothes will i need in the u . s . a . in july ? probably summer clothes mostly ? 
your sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
hope to hear from you soon . 
hope to hear from you soon . 
" is shopping always enjoyable for you or not " - my english teacher has asked me on the class discussion about shopping . 
" is shopping always enjoyable for you or not " - my english teacher has asked me in the class discussion about shopping . 
sincerely , i must admit , that i don't like shopping in supermarkets and big stores . there are always too many people there . as i'm not keen of being a part of the crowd , i prefer a calm atmosphere in more isolated small shops . furthermore , it takes too long to find something you need in unfamiliar stores . 
sincerely , i must admit that i don't like shopping in supermarkets and big stores . there are always too many people there . as i'm not keen on being a part of the crowd , i prefer a calm atmosphere in more isolated small shops . furthermore , it takes too long to find something you need in unfamiliar stores . 
despite i like to go to nice clothes shops i usually return home with nothing in my hands , as prices are usually to high , unfortunately not affordable for me . 
despite the fact that i like to go to nice clothes shops i usually return home with nothing in my hands , as prices are usually too high , unfortunately , and out of my price range . 
sometimes i go to the local market , but not on my own . i ask my husband or mother to come with me , as i had bad experience in the past , when my bag with all my money was stolen . 
sometimes i go to the local market , but not on my own . i ask my husband or mother to come with me , as i had a bad experience in the past , when my bag with all my money was stolen . 
another thing i dislike about shopping is some annoying shop assisstants which try to sale any products to the " victim " entring the door . otherwise shopping is not so bad , as you get what you want in the end . 
another thing i dislike about shopping is some annoying shop assistants try to sell any product to the " victim " entering coming through the door . otherwise shopping is not so bad , as you get what you want in the end . 
dear miss and mister 
dear sir/madam 
thank you for the letter that conformed first prize . 
thank you for the letter that confirmed first prize . 
i am happy to receive it . of course i will able to go to camp california in the u . s . a . however , i only will able to go to there on july 2001 because i have a job which is extreme busy work . our department , which is sales department , have to make good sales result befor end of june because of financial month . so , if i can choose days , i would like to go to the u . s . a on july 2001 . about accomodation , i prefer stay log cabins because i don't like to stay in tents which are unconfortable for me . i am not also keen on preparing it . 
i am happy to receive it . of course i will able to go to camp california in the u . s . a . however , i will only be able to go to there in july 2001 because i have a job which is extremely busy work . our department , which is the sales department , have to make good sales results before the end of june because of the financial month . so , if i can choose days , i would like to go to the u . s . a in july 2001 . about accommodation , i prefer to stay in log cabins because i don't like to stay in tents which are uncomfortable for me . i am also not keen on preparing it . 
this prize , i can choose two activities , can't you . so , i am going to choose golf and tennis . in japan , i often play golf but as you know japanese weather condition is not enough enjoying play golf but california has good weather which are every day sunshuin , hopefuly . i used to play tennis when i was university student . i am interst playing tennis very much . 
this prize , i can choose two activities , can't you . so , i am going to choose golf and tennis . in japan , i often play golf but as you know japanese weather conditions are not good enough for enjoying playing golf , but california has good weather , which means every day sunshine sunshine every day , hopefully . i used to play tennis when i was a university student . i am interested in playing tennis very much . 
finaly , i have some question . when i join this camp , what kind of clothes should i carry ? moreover , how much money do i have to need ? please reply for me as soon as possible
finally , i have some questions . when i join this camp , what kind of clothes should i carry ? also , how much money do i need ? please reply to me as soon as possible
best riger . 
best regards . 
dear kim . 
dear kim . 
hello kim . how are you ? i am well . i have a big news . i could enjoy helping at a pop concert in last week which is " the max " . as you know , i am big fun with " the max " . can you believe it ? 
hello kim . how are you ? i am well . i have big news . i could enjoy helping at a pop concert last week which is " the max " . as you know , i am a big fan of " the max " . can you believe it ? 
i have got good experience and fantastic memory . at the same time i have got a small money but it was not important for me . i was so happy . 
i have got good experience and fantastic memories . at the same time , i have got a small amount of money , but it was not important to me . i was so happy . 
so , my templary job was sound engineer but i was not main engineer . i've just helped for staff . when i was university student , i studied sound effect but i haen't used effect equepument whole my life because our school dosen't have it . i used this equepument during concert but i was so compricate system . at first i couldn't understand this system but our staff was very kind people . they teached me paticulaly . after that i was able to understand this system , time after time . now , i able to use sound effect system . 
so , my temporary job was sound engineer but i was not main engineer . i've just helped the staff . when i was a university student , i studied sound effects , but i hadn't used effect equipment my whole life because our school doesn't have it . i used this equipment during the concert , but i was so complicated system . at first , i couldn't understand this system but our staff were very kind people . they taught me particularly specially . after that , i was able to understand this system , time after time . now , i am able to use a sound effect system . 
of course , i could enjoy this concert , as well
of course , i could enjoy this concert , as well
if i got a chance , i would like to work for creative companies , i hope . 
if i got a chance , i would like to work for creative companies , i hope . 
any way , 
anyway , 
take care of youself . i am waiting your letter
take care of yourself . i am waiting for your letter
your sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
hellow ! i'am very pleased that i have won the first prize in your competition and i want to tell you that it would be better for me to go to your camp in july because this month i usually have a rest and now i am thinking about it . so your advice of going to a camp suits me very well . 
hello ! i am very pleased that i have won the first prize in your competition and i want to tell you that it would be better for me to go to your camp in july because that month i usually have a rest and now i am thinking about it . so your advice about going to a camp suits me very well . 
answering on our first question about where would i prefer to sleep , i prefer tents because it is closer to nature and i like sleepping in sleepping bags ( =bv bags ) . 
to answer our first question about where i would prefer to sleep , i prefer tents because they are closer to nature and i like sleeping in sleeping bags ( =bv bags ) . 
now let me tell you about my sports preferances . from your list of activities i have chosen swimming and surfing , because all of us went out from water and we have to go back there . of course it was a joke , but as i have chosen swimming and surfing i will tell you why . i have chosen them because i am candidat to masters of sports in water polo . and only out of that reason , but also because i like water very much . 
now let me tell you about my sports preferences . from your list of activities i have chosen swimming and surfing , because all of us came out from the water and we have to go back there . of course it was a joke , but as i have chosen swimming and surfing i will tell you why . i have chosen them because i am candidate to applying to do a masters in sports in water polo . and only out of that reason , but also because i like water very much . 
also i would like to have a t-shirt with your signature . 
also i would like to have a t-shirt with your autograph . 
yours scinerly 
yours sincerely 
fedor gapon . 
fedor gapon . 
in our lyceum we have listem of " double lessons " . it means that every day exept sunday we have four lessons and each of the lessons lasts for hour and a half and it means " double lesson " . i think that is more convinient than seven lessons every day and each of the lessons lasts fourty five minutes . it is convinient , i mean " double " lessons because you have more time to understand matherial what is givven and because you have to prepare only four subjects for " tomorrow " and it is less then seven subjects . 
in our school we have a system of " double lessons " . it means that every day except sunday we have four lessons and each of the lessons lasts for an hour and a half and it means a " double lesson " . i think that is more convenient than seven lessons every day and each of the lessons lasts forty five forty-five minutes . it is convenient , i mean " double " lessons , because you have more time to understand the material which is given out and because you have to prepare only four subjects for " tomorrow " and it is fewer then seven subjects . 
as a student of economical form i think i should tell you about one day in time table of our form . for example tuesday . on tuesday we have such lessons english , math , economics and phisics . all of these subjects are so important for us that we have never missed them . especially english and economics because we are going to become famous economists . 
as a student in the economics form i think i should tell you about one day in the timetable of our form . for example tuesday . on tuesday we have these lessons : english , maths , economics and physics . all of these subjects are so important for us that we have never missed them , especially english and economics because we are going to become famous economists . 
not only these subjects are studied by us , but also latin , russian , ukrainian , biology and phisical training , but as we study them we understand that they are not so important as our main subjects . 
not only these subjects are studied by us , but also latin , russian , ukrainian , biology and physical training , but as we study them we understand that they are not so important as our main subjects . 
dear ms ryan , 
dear ms ryan , 
i am writing to you in reply of our letter , that had let me know i am the winner of the first prize of your competition . 
i am writing to you in reply to your letter , which let me know i am the winner of the first prize in your competition . 
first of all , i am very happy to spent two weeks at camp california in the usa . yet , i could only travel july because i am a student and so my holidays begin on july . 
first of all , i am very happy to spend two weeks at camp california in the usa . yet , i could only travel in july because i am a student and so my holidays begin in july . 
in addition , i would rather sleep in a tent since i like being near nature and especially singing birds . thus , i enjoy sports and i would like to practice swimming and climbing . i am not too bad at these sports . 
in addition , i would rather sleep in a tent since i like being close to nature and , especially , singing birds . i enjoy sports and i would like to practise go swimming and climbing . i am not too bad at these sports . 
to conclude , will you kindly let my know if i need some money and what sort of clothes i should bring with me . 
to conclude , will you kindly let me know if i need some money and what sort of clothes i should bring with me . 
yours faithfully 
yours faithfully 
this year , our english class has decided to make a short video about daily life at our school . ( it is a graduate engineer school where we are studying mecanics and energetics . ) that is why we have to single out wich lessons and other activities should be filmed . 
this year , our english class has decided to make a short video about daily life at our school . ( it is a graduate engineering school where we are studying mechanics and energetics . ) that is why we have to single out which lessons and other activities should be filmed . 
on one hand , we should be interested in the lessons . at first , the research and design courses are exiting since we are studying how cars are built . secondly , we should interview the teacher of heat transfert since his courses are rally breathtaking . that seems to be quite surprising , yet this teacher manages to convey his knowledge . 
on the one hand , we should be interested in the lessons . first , the research and design lessons are exciting since we are studying how cars are built . secondly , we should interview the teacher of heat transfer since his lessons are really breathtaking . that seems to be quite surprising , yet this teacher manages to convey his knowledge . 
on the other hand , we should be interested in the other activities such as sports wich could appeal more students in our school . for example , our basketball team has won a local championship . 
on the other hand , we should be interested in the other activities such as sports , which could appeal to more students in our school . for example , our basketball team has won a local championship . 
to conclude , in this short video , we must show that thanks to our school we are able to make come out the best of ourselves . 
to conclude , in this short video , we must show that thanks to our school we are able to bring out the best in ourselves . 
miss helen ryan:
miss helen ryan:
last week i recived your letter in wich you told me that i won first prize . i am writting in response of it . 
last week i received your letter in which you told me that i won first prize . i am writing in response to it . 
first of all , i would like to travel in july , because i can arrange 2 weeks in july with my school holidays , in order not to lose classes . 
first of all , i would like to travel in july , because i can arrange 2 weeks in july during my school holidays , in order not to miss classes . 
i think i would prefer to be in tents , because i think it is funnier and you can be in more contact with nature , but if i don't like the tents can i change my mind ? 
i think i would prefer to be in a tent , because i think it is more fun and you can have more contact with nature . but if i don't like the tents can i change my mind ? 
you told me to choose 2 activities and i chose surfing and singing . in both of them i am very good . i did a surf course last summer and i have gone to singing lessons almost all my life . 
you told me to choose 2 activities and i chose surfing and singing . at both of them i am very good i am very good at both of them . i did a surfing course last summer and i have gone to singing lessons almost all my life . 
i have a few questions . how much money should i take to spend in those two weeks ? and also what kind of clothes i should take ? 
i have a few questions . how much money should i take to spend in those two weeks ? and also what kind of clothes should i take ? 
please , when you recive this letter give me a call so we can arrange everything . 
please , when you receive this letter give me a call so we can arrange everything . 
looking forward to hearing from you
looking forward to hearing from you
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
we are going to do a video about daily life at school , the following classes are the ones i recomend to film . 
we are going to make a video about daily life at school . the following classes are the ones i recommend filming . 
english: the classroom is beautifull , and in the same day we do a lot of diferents activities , so it won't be boring watching it because we can have a great time there . 
english: the classroom is beautiful , and on the same day we do a lot of different activities , so it won't be boring watching it because we can have a great time there . 
chemistry: we do a lot of experiments and the materials we use are very good . i think that if we film that class the people that watches it will be impress with the equipment we have got . 
chemistry: we do a lot of experiments and the materials we use are very good . i think that if we film this class the people that watch it will be impressed with the equipment we have got . 
spanish: we are doing a play now . we could film it and produce it , instead of uniform we could wear costumes , the ones that are animals could pain their faces . i think that if we do it properly we could have a great spanish play . 
spanish: we are doing a play now . we could film it and produce it . instead of uniforms we could wear costumes . the ones who are animals could paint their faces . i think that if we do it properly we could have a great spanish play . 
those three classes are my choises , i hope we could do them and make a very good video about our school . 
those three classes are my choices . i hope we can do them and make a very good video about our school . 
dear mrs helen ryan , 
dear mrs helen ryan , 
i am writing to you to give you some further information about the competition i won . i am very pleased that i won your competition . 
i am writing to you to give you some further information about the competition i won . i am very pleased that i won your competition . 
first of all i would like to travel in july because i already made an arrangement with my boss about my free days . 
first of all i would like to travel in july because i have already made an arrangement with my boss about my free days . 
i would prefer to sleep in an log cabin . i am not just to sleeping in an tent and i think it mabey ruen my holiday . i hope it's possible to sleep in a log cabin but if it's not , you can also put me in an tent . 
i would prefer to sleep in a log cabin . i am not used to sleeping in a tent and i think it maybe may might ruin my holiday . i hope it's possible to sleep in a log cabin but if it's not , you can also put me in a tent . 
the two activities i would like to choose are : photography and surfing . photography i never realy took pratice in , yes i have made some holiday pictures but i would like to learn more about this . so i am not very good in photography . 
the two activities i would like to choose are photography and surfing . photography i never really got any practice in i never really got any practice in photography . yes i have taken some holiday pictures but i would like to learn more about this . so i am not very good at photography . 
surfing is my passion . i live nearby a beach and whenever i have the time i grape my bord and go surfing . i would like to have a surfing contest with other surfing nerds , if it's possible . i would like to know if i have to bring my own wetsuit for surfing and how much money do you think i need ? 
surfing is my passion . i live near a beach and whenever i have the time i grab my board and go surfing . i would like to have a surfing contest with other surfing nerds , if it's possible . i would like to know if i have to bring my own wetsuit for surfing and how much money do you think i need ? 
i am realy looking forward to this holiday . i hope i have informed you enough . 
i am really looking forward to this holiday . i hope i have told you enough . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
dear kim , 
dear kim , 
how are you ? i'm doing great esspecially after my experience with helping at pop concert . it was fantastic . you also would have liked very much . 
how are you ? i'm doing great especially after my experience helping at a pop concert . it was fantastic . you also would have liked it very much . 
i had to help back stages . i had to take care of that every artist went in the right dressing room and not in someone elses . 
i had to help backstages backstage . i had to make sure that every artist went in the right dressing room and not in someone else's . 
every artist could scream at me whenever they wanted . the realy thing was that i had to look after them because without me they would have been lost . that was a good feeling for me . i had to tell them when they had to go on stages . what kind of clothes they shoot wear . i also had to give them drinks and food and help them to relax whenever they were nervous . 
every artist could scream at me whenever they wanted . the real thing was that i had to look after them because without me they would have been lost . that was a good feeling for me . i had to tell them when they had to go on stage and what kind of clothes they should wear . i also had to give them drinks and food and help them to relax whenever they were nervous . 
the thing i realy liked , was helping the artists and talking to them . oke , they screamed at me all the time because they were nervous and excited about their concert . 
the thing i really liked was helping the artists and talking to them . okay , they screamed at me all the time because they were nervous and excited about their concert . 
afterwards they talk to me and thanking me for helping them in those exciting moments . i realy got to know them after the concert . they also took me to a after hour party and they asked me if would like to do this again . and of course i immediately said yes ! ! 
afterwards they talked to me and thanked me for helping them in those exciting moments . i really got to know them after the concert . they also took me to an after-hours party and they asked me if i would like to do this again . and of course i immediately said yes ! ! 
mabey next time you can come with me that would be a lot of fun . 
maybe next time you can come with me . that would be a lot of fun . 
the will call me next week , so i write when i talk to them . 
they will call me next week , so i will write when i have talked to them . 
talk to you soon . 
talk to you soon . 
love
love
dear mrs . helen ryan
dear mrs . helen ryan
competition organiser
competition organiser
thank you very much for the nice surprise you've been given to me , i just can't believe it that i won the first prize . here is the information you asked for:
thank you very much for the nice surprise you've given me . i just can't believe that i won the first prize . here is the information you asked for:
. i'm afraid i can only go on july because during that time i will have holidays from school , so that will for me the only possibility to take 2 weeks off . 
. i'm afraid i can only go in july because during that month i will have my school holidays , so that will be for me the only chance of taking 2 weeks off . 
. the kind of accomodation i prefer is in a tent because in a sommer camp i find it more interesting sleeping 'outside' under the sky when the weather is nice and warm . 
. the kind of accommodation i prefer is a tent because at summer camp i find it more interesting sleeping outside under the sky when the weather is nice and warm . 
. there are two activities i would like to practice : basketball and painting . im quite good playing basketball because i used to play for about five years at school , we used to have trainings twice a week and at least two games at month against another schools , which was great . painting always did fascinated me , even i'm not so good on it , but my friends they say i can really paint and they love the things i do , the technik i like the most is watercolors . 
. there are two activities i would like to practise do : basketball and painting . i'm quite good at playing basketball because i used to play for about five years at school . we used to have training sessions twice a week and at least two games a month against another school , which was great . painting always did fascinate me , even though i'm not so good at it , but my friends say i can really paint and they love the things i do . the technique i like the most is watercolours . 
i still have some questions:
i still have some questions:
- can you please tell me how is the weather then , so i can take the proper clothes ? 
- can you please tell me how the weather is then , so i can take the proper clothes ? 
- my parents and me we are not sure how much money do i need for the two weeks , can you give me a little help ? thank you very much and i hope hearing from you soon . 
- my parents and i , we are not sure how much money i need for the two weeks , can you give me a little help ? thank you very much and i hope to hear from you soon . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
h . pena . 
h . pena . 
dear kim
dear kim
hello my good friend ! , i'm so glad to hear from you and to know that you are wealthy and happy . do you really want to know about my expierence helping at the pop concert in our town ? , well that's great , because it was a terrific day . first we started very early in the morning building up the stage and the tent where the group was going to play , you know just in case the rain would have come , but we were very lucky and the weather was sunny and warm . 
hello my good friend ! i'm so glad to hear from you and to know that you are wealthy and happy . do you really want to know about my experience helping at the pop concert in our town ? well that's great , because it was a terrific day . first we started very early in the morning , building the stage and the tent where the group was going to play , you know , just in case it rained . but we were very lucky and the weather was sunny and warm . 
then came the guy who installed the sound ( cables , boxes , wires , etc ) and it was very interesting seeing him at work , everything had to be on the right place , perfectly installed and protected to avoid accidents . 
then came the guy who installed the sound equipment ( cables , boxes , wires , etc ) and it was very interesting seeing him at work . everything had to be in the right place , perfectly installed and protected , to avoid accidents . 
at about five o'clock everything was ready and the band came in , there were already plenty of 'fans' waiting for the concert to begin , which started at 7 o'clock . i know the musicians from the school time , that's why it was even more fun to help and to take part on this event , specially because i really like the music they play . 
at about five o'clock everything was ready and the band came on . there were already plenty of fans waiting for the concert to begin , which started at 7 o'clock . i know the musicians from school , which is why it was even more fun to help and to take part in this event , specially because i really like the music they play . 
the people went crazy during the 2 hours concert and at least i helped as well selling cd's , if they were on selling that much , they are going to be for sure very famous . . . . . 
the crowd went crazy during the 2 hour 2-hour concert and i helped as well , selling cds - if they go on selling that many , they are going to be very famous for sure . . . . . 
do you want to know something else about it ? 
do you want to know something else about it ? 
just let me know
just let me know
best wishes
best wishes
herberto
herberto
dear ms ryan , 
dear ms ryan , 
i am the person who won your competition and i am writing in reply to your letter . 
i am the person who won your competition and i am writing in reply to your letter . 
first of all , i can travel only in july because that is the only time when i am free from my examinations . 
first of all , i can travel only in july because that is the only time when i am free from my examinations . 
i prefer staying in a tent as i am used to it and find it more comfortable . 
i prefer staying in a tent as i am used to it and find it more comfortable . 
the two activities i would like to do in the camp are swimming and photography . i am a good swimmer and i had some expirience in photography however i have very much to learn . 
the two activities i would like to do in the camp are swimming and photography . i am a good swimmer and i have some experience in photography . however , i have a lot to learn . 
finally , i have got two questions to ask you . how much money and clothes should i take with me ? 
finally , i have got two questions to ask you . how much money and how many clothes should i take with me ? 
i am very grateful for your prize and looking forward to visiting the camp . 
i am very grateful for your prize and looking forward to visiting the camp . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
i think that bits from the whole school day should be filmed . this will show how the school lives . 
i think that bits from the whole school day should be filmed . this will show how the school lives . 
in the morning prefects make sure that everybody is awake and already up . at the assembly students are told about changes in the timetable and activities for the whole day . 
in the morning prefects make sure that everybody is awake and up . at the assembly students are told about changes in the timetable and activities for the whole day . 
in the computing department student learn about informational technologies . the main job of the head of the computing department is not to teach but to keep the computers working properly . 
in the computing department students learn about information technologies . the main job of the head of the computing department is not to teach but to keep the computers working properly . 
maths is the most popular subject in the school . mathematics teachers do great deal of work and have almost no time to prepare lessons . 
maths is the most popular subject in the school . mathematics teachers do a great deal of work and have almost no time to prepare lessons . 
in the chemistry lab experiments are often set up . the teacher looks after the pupil while they are investigating the topic of the lesson . 
in the chemistry lab experiments are often set up . the teacher looks after the pupils while they are investigating the topic of the lesson . 
meals are very important . kitchen staff works hard to provide students with variety of food . 
meals are very important . the kitchen staff works hard to provide students with a variety of food . 
the video can be finished with a view of the school from outside . 
the video can finish with a view of the school from outside . 
june 13th , 2000
june 13th , 2000
dear mrs . ryan , 
dear mrs . ryan , 
first of all thank you very much for the good news that i have won the first price in your competition . i am very delighted and already looking forward to spending two weeks at camp california in the u . s . a . . 
first of all thank you very much for the good news that i have won the first prize in your competition . i am very delighted and already looking forward to spending two weeks at camp california in the u . s . a . 
as regards the time that i can travel i must tell you that my holidays at university are only in july . i hope that it wouldn't be a problem for you and that i can go to the camp california at some time in july . i would like to stay in a log cabin as i have an allergie against grass . 
as regards the time that i can travel , i must tell you that my holidays at university are only in july . i hope that it won't be a problem for you and that i can go to the camp california at some time in july . i would like to stay in a log cabin as i have an allergy to grass . 
then you asked to chose two activities from the list you sent to me . i would like to do surfing and photography . i am a total beginner in both activities , but i think that these two weeks will be a good opportunity to learn something about them . 
then you asked me to choose two activities from the list you sent to me . i would like to do surfing and photography . i am a total beginner in both activities , but i think that these two weeks will be a good opportunity to learn something about them . 
finally i have also some questions to you . firstly i would like to know what kind of clothes will be appropriate for the camp , secondly how much money i should take with me for the two weeks and lastly if there are any possibilies for cooking . 
finally , i also have some questions for you . firstly i would like to know what kind of clothes will be appropriate for the camp , secondly how much money i should take with me for the two weeks and lastly if there are any possibilities facilities for cooking . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
'shopping is not always enjoyable'
'shopping is not always enjoyable'
if you have to go shopping again , because the fridge is empty or you need some new clothes , a lot of time , patience and straingth are needed . all kinds of shopping have more and more become to a rather stressful activity than an enjoyable on . 
if you have to go shopping again , because the fridge is empty or you need some new clothes , a lot of time , patience and strength are needed . all kinds of shopping have more and more become a stressful activity rather than an enjoyable on . 
i often begins with finding a parking for the car , which can take more than 15 minutes . leaving the car at home is also not a good ideas you often buy so much that you can't carry it in plastic-bags . 
it often begins with finding a parking space for the car , which can take more than 15 minutes . leaving the car at home is also not a good idea as you often buy so much that you can't carry it in plastic bags . 
the next stressful factor begins in the shop : everywhere people who are in a hurry and push you from one side to the other . consuming has become a very important thing for them . and if you are not quick enough they won't leave anything left . but there occure also problems if there are products left: either you can't decide between two things or your favourite product is too expensive . 
the next stressful factor begins in the shop . everywhere people who are in a hurry push you from one side to the other . consuming has become a very important thing for them . and if you are not quick enough they won't leave you anything . but there occur also problems problems also occur if there are products left: either you can't decide between two things or your favourite product is too expensive . 
having finally decided and got what you wanted to , the next torture comes at the cash-desk , when you have to pay . you have to wait at a long queue for more than 15 minutes . 
having finally decided and got what you wanted , the next torture comes at the cash desk , when you have to pay . you have to wait in a long queue for more than 15 minutes . 
so even if it's nice to have food or new clothes at home , without patience , time and straingth you should better stay at home or try to find the most convenient time for shopping . 
so even if it's nice to have food or new clothes at home , without patience , time and strength you had better stay at home or try to find the most convenient time for shopping . 
13th june 2000
13th june 2000
dear helen ryan
dear helen ryan
i was greatful to hearing about i have won first prize in competition . 
i was grateful to hear i have won first prize in the competition . 
i would like to tell you which are some further information you given to me . 
i would like to tell you which are some further information you given to me . 
i would like to join the camp in july because i could get holiday from my company from 1th july to 28th july . secondly , i would prefer to stay in tents . in my experience , i've never tried to stay in tents during the holiday . that's why i'd like to feel adventurally . it could be good memorable thing for me . and i am interested in swimming and singing . when i was 17 years old , i could be able to won swimming competition which is held in local stadium . i had won second prize . and also , i have been joining music bend in my school . i'm responsible for lead vocal . every monday we're having a practice time . 
i would like to join the camp in july because i can get a holiday from my company from 1th july to 28th july . secondly , i would prefer to stay in tents . in my experience , i've never tried to stay in tents during the holiday . that's why i'd like to feel adventurous . it could be a good , memorable thing for me . and i am interested in swimming and singing . when i was 17 years old , i won a swimming competition which was held in a local stadium . i won second prize . and also , i have joined a band in my school . i'm responsible for lead vocals . every monday we have a practice time . 
what i would like to know about what kinds of clothes are suit the season in the u . s . a and how much money do i should bring the camp . 
what i would like to know about is what kinds of clothes suit the season in the u . s . a and how much money i should bring to the camp . 
i look forward to joining the camp . i've been always wanting to go u . s . a . it must be good chance to join the camp . thanks for accepting . 
i look forward to joining the camp . i've always wanted to go to the u . s . a . it must be a good chance to join the camp . thanks for accepting . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
ae-sook pak
ae-sook pak
to . director of teacher 
to . director of teachers 
from . ae-sook pak
from . ae-sook pak
subject . some suggestion to make a video about daily life at our school . 
subject . some suggestions to make a video about daily life at our school . 
introduction
introduction
the aim of this report is about suggesting which lessons and other activities should be filmed and why are suitable to make a film . 
the aim of this report is to suggest which lessons and other activities should be filmed and why they are suitable to make a film of . 
explain
explain
according to reactions of students . most of the students are taking a morning class for 3 hours , and middle of the lesson they're having a break time . after morning class they have a lunch time for 1 hour and continue to study for afternoon class . it's the most common daily life at our school . and according to the interviews , the most interesting class is the " upper intermidiate " class . they are joined with different countries and with good teacher . 
according to the reactions of students . most of the students are taking a morning class for 3 hours , and in the middle of the lesson they're having a break time . after morning class they have a lunch time for 1 hour and continue to study for afternoon class . it's the most common daily life at our school . and according to the interviews , the most interesting class is the " upper intermediate " class . they are joined with different countries and with a good teacher . 
suggestion
suggestion
the point of " upper intermidiate class " . they are having special time . every friday , they enjoy a special game for check vocabulary . and they are always doing best their homeworks . 
the point of " upper intermediate class " . they are having a special time . every friday , they enjoy a special game to check vocabulary . and they always do best their homework their homework best . 
conclusion
conclusion
i strongly recommend that making a video about " upper intermidiate " class . they must be shown the most well-class in our school . 
i strongly recommend making a video about " upper intermidiate " class . they must be shown the most well-class in our school . 
i'm pleaseant to win the first prize in your competition - two weeks at camp california in the usa . 
i'm pleasant pleased to win the first prize in your competition - two weeks at camp california in the usa . 
as i'm an artist student in a particular college , i only can go to your camp california in july , because in this month i got no class , and i'm free to do whatever i want to . i'd like log cabins as my accomodation , because it's safer and cleaner than tents and i wouldn't share it to anyone . 
as i'm an art student at a particular college , i can only go to camp california in july , because in that month i haven't got any classes , and i'm free to do whatever i want to . i'd like a log cabin for my accommodation , because it's safer and cleaner than a tent and i wouldn't share it with anyone . 
painting and photography are the activities good for me . they fit to myself because my art work develops itself in these areas . in painting i talk about human beings in this world , in big canvases; and in photography , with collages , i talk about anger and guilty in the families' lines . so in camp california i would like to keep me on touching to these areas . 
painting and photography are good activities for me . they suit me because my art work develops in these areas . through painting i talk about human beings in this world , on big canvases; and through photography , in collages , i talk about anger and guilt in the family's family line . so at camp california i would like to keep in touch with these areas . 
i'd like to ask you to send me $1000 for my art knowledge . with this amount i could buy a lot of art books , and records . in summarize , art and music need to be kept with me throughout these two weeks to not forget my artistic life . 
i'd like to ask you to send me $1000 for my art knowledge . with this amount i could buy a lot of art books , and records . to summarize , art and music need to be kept with me throughout these two weeks so i do not forget my artistic life . 
shopping is something made , which do not need to be enjoyable . we can analize when shopping is enjoyable , when it is not . 
shopping is something made , which do not need to be enjoyable . we can analyze when shopping is enjoyable , and when it is not . 
there is joy in shopping when it is made by ourselves to ourselves . it means buying whatever we like , just like clothes , records , rings , and books . what we like is based in our relationship to another people , in the work or in the family . so we have enjoyable when we buy what we like following another people's views . 
there is joy in shopping when it is done by ourselves for ourselves . that means buying whatever we like , like clothes , records , rings , and books . what we like is based on our relationships with other people , at work or in the family . so we have fun when we buy what we like according to other people's views . 
on the other hand , sickness in ourselves our relatives made us unhappy to buy . it is an obligation shopping medicines , clothes to winter , doctor visites , and so forth . a death in the family is not also an enjoyable shopping experience , because it is the highest point of the sickness . buying coffins and graveyards to bury relatieves is not as enjoyable as buying clothes . 
on the other hand , sickness in ourselves or our relatives makes us reluctant to shop . it is an obligation to shop for medicines , clothes for winter , doctor's visits , and so forth . a death in the family is also not an enjoyable shopping experience , because it is the highest point of the sickness . buying coffins and graveyard plots to bury relatives is not as enjoyable as buying clothes . 
in summarizing shopping can be enjoyable or not depending of our healthy state . giving examples: we are healthy we buy clothes and records , we enjoy ourselves; we are sick , or our relatives , we buy medicines we not enjoy ourselves because it is an obligation . 
in summary shopping can be enjoyable or not depending on our state of health . to give examples: if we are healthy we buy clothes and records , we enjoy ourselves; if we are sick , or our relatives are , we buy medicines and we do not enjoy ourselves because it is an obligation . 
dear sir or madam , 
dear sir or madam , 
thank you for your letter . i'm very happy that i have won . 
thank you for your letter . i'm very happy that i have won . 
you ask me when i would like to travel ? i can travel only in july because i have holidays from my work only in this month . so it would be very nice , if it's possible . 
you ask me when i would like to travel ? i can travel only in july because i have a holiday from my work only only have a holiday from my work in this month . so it would be very nice if that's possible . 
by the accomodation at the camp , i would prefer the tents , because it is something different wich you don't make everyday ! 
regarding the accommodation accommodation at the camp , i would prefer the tents , because it is something different which you don't do every day ! 
then the activities that i would like to do are singing and swimming . singing because it's my favourite hobby and i grew up with it and swimming because i like water and the feeling that you have when you are in it . another reason for swimming is that i'm good at it because a few years ago i had lessons , where i learn very good swimming . 
then the activities that i would like to do are singing and swimming . i like singing because it's my favourite hobby and i grew up with it and swimming because i like water and the feeling that you have when you are in it . another reason for choosing swimming is that i'm good at it because a few years ago i had lessons , where i learned very well to swim to swim very well . 
finaly i've got a question: what clothes must i bring with me and how much money ? 
finally i've got a question: what clothes must i bring with me and how much money ? 
i'm looking forward hearing from you . 
i'm looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours faithfuly , 
yours faithfully , 
everybody likes shopping ! to look for clothes and shoes is for every women one of their favourite hobby and if it were possible they would stay the whole day in the shopping-centre . 
everybody likes shopping ! looking for clothes and shoes is for every woman one of her favourite hobbies and if it were possible she would stay in the shopping-centre the whole day . 
but shopping isn't always enjoyable . 
but shopping isn't always enjoyable . 
sometimes it isn't so easy to find what you need . for example: you have in your memory a great pair of shoes that you have seen last week in a shop . now you will by it but it's nowhere to find ! that's a pity ! 
sometimes it isn't so easy to find what you need . for example: you have in your memory a great pair of shoes that you saw last week in a shop . now you want buy to buy it but it's nowhere to be found ! that's a pity ! 
sometimes it's very awful when you have to wait very long until it's your turn to pay or to try some clothes on . 
sometimes it's really awful when you have to wait a very long time until it's your turn to pay or to try some clothes on . 
another thing that makes you fourious , is when you see a great shirt in shop and somebody else take it away or buy it before you can react . that things had happend to everybody , hadn't they ? 
another thing that makes you furious is when you see a great shirt in a shop and somebody else takes it away or buys it before you can react . those things had happened happen to everybody , don't they ? 
so you see that shopping isn't always enjoyable . 
so you see that shopping isn't always enjoyable . 
mrs/miss helen:
mrs/miss helen:
thank you very much for your letter . it is excellent to have won this prize . 
thank you very much for your letter . it is excellent to have won this prize . 
to be honest i had doubts about winning the competition , because in spite of i think i did well , i had to play against a very strong competence . the idea about going to california for 2 weeks make me feel very excited . 
to be honest i had doubts about winning the competition , because in spite of thinking i did well , i had to play against very strong competition . the idea of going to california for 2 weeks makes me feel very excited . 
according with your letter , july is the period of time suits me best . my job is less demanding in july . 
referring to your letter , july is the time that suits me best . my job is less demanding in july . 
about the accommodation i would prefer to stay in a tent . i have never done it before , so i really fancy the idea . 
about the accommodation , i would prefer to stay in a tent . i have never done it before , so i really fancy the idea . 
i am really surprise about how many activities can be practised in this place . if is possible i would like swimming . i am very good at swimming . 
i am really surprised about how many activities can be done in this place . if it is possible i would like to swim . i am very good at swimming . 
on one hand i think that climbing sounds very exciting , but on the other hand it scares me a lot , so i will play tennis . i am not so bad at tennis but i would like to improve my style . 
on the one hand i think that climbing sounds very exciting , but on the other hand it scares me a lot , so i will play tennis . i am not so bad at tennis but i would like to improve my style . 
by the way , i would like to know if the level of life in usa is similar to uk . how much money should i bring with me ? 
by the way , i would like to know if the cost of living in the usa is similar to the uk . how much money should i bring with me ? 
another point is about the clothes , could you confirm me that i'll need summer clothes ? i would be very pleased . 
another point is about clothes . could you confirm that i'll need summer clothes ? i would be very pleased . 
please if you need further information from me , don't hesitate to contact me again . 
please , if you need further information from me , don't hesitate to contact me again . 
yours sincerely . 
yours sincerely . 
normally i enjoy really much shopping . 
normally i enjoy really shopping really enjoy shopping . 
in fact when i don't feel very happy i decide to do shopping to try to cher myself up . and really , it works . 
in fact when i don't feel very happy i decide to go shopping to try to cheer myself up . and really , it works . 
but not everything about shopping is enjoyable . for example , i hate when i get into a shopping centre and it is crowded . i don't like when i have to try on differents sizes because the small doesn't fit on my body because i have got weight . it is in this moment when really i realiase i am getting fat and it is a horrible feeling . 
but not everything about shopping is enjoyable . for example , i hate it when i get into a shopping centre and it is crowded . i don't like it when i have to try on different sizes because the small size doesn't fit me because i have put on weight . it is at this moment when really i realise i am getting fat and it is a horrible feeling . 
i think women , in general , are very impulsive purchasing things . many times we buy things that in fact , we don't need and , sometimes you surprise when you check the balance of your bank account and then you need to cut down your expenses for 2 months . 
i think women , in general , are very impulsive when purchasing things . many times we buy things that , actually , we don't need and , sometimes you are surprised when you check the balance of your bank account and then you need to cut down on your expenses for 2 months . 
but from another point of view , it is silly to be earning money and don't spend it as you want . at the end of the day money is just money . 
but from another point of view , it is silly to be earning money and not spending it as you want . at the end of the day money is just money . 
dear mrs ryan:
dear mrs ryan:
thank's for accept me in the competition . i hear that the competition there are very good , and the camp california is very famous for his competitions . i would like to travel on july because before it's impossible for me and in july it's my birthday and i wish to spend my birthday at the camp , also 'cause in august the planes are full . another thing is my accommodation i prefer to have log cabins because it's easyeast for me . i will choose for activities tennis and swimming , i'm good on tennis because i play since 1990 and i loved it and swimming because i like to swim and i've been two competition and i won both . 
thanks for accepting me in the competition . i hear that the competition there is very intense , and that camp california is very famous for its competitions . i would like to travel in july because before then it's impossible for me and it's my birthday in july and i wish to spend my birthday at the camp , also 'cause in august the planes are full . another thing is my accommodation . i prefer to have log cabins because it's easiest for me . i will choose for my activities tennis and swimming . i'm good at tennis because i have played since 1990 and i love it and i chose swimming because i like to swim and i've been in two competitions and i won both . 
i would like to ask you for money and clothes because my parents are travelling and it is impossible for me to have money because my sister doesn't want me to go because i'm only 14 , but when i get there i promise to return you all the money because i don't have cash at this moment . 
i would like to ask you for money and clothes because my parents are travelling and it is impossible for me to get any money because my sister doesn't want me to go because i'm only 14 , but when i get there i promise to return to you all the money because i don't have any cash at the moment . 
thanks for all , and i will be there the next month . 
thanks for everything , and i will be there next month . 
your sincerely
yours sincerely
lola villanueva . 
lola villanueva . 
" shopping is not always enjoyable . " 
" shopping is not always enjoyable . " 
for me went to shop it's not the best thing i can do . well i think the opposite like a year before but recently i think this because i see all the people to go shopping they don't realised that they are outside in the real world poor people who need that money and they are only spent on material things , you would put you money in the bank because you don't need it now , but tomorrow you don't know . i like to shop sometimes but not always and not spending a lot of money on things that i don't really need . at the rest of you who don't understand this it's on your memories to keep shopping and spending all your money on things that you don't really need . 
for me going shopping is not the best thing i can do . well i thought the opposite about a year ago but recently i have thought this because i see all the people going shopping and they don't realise that outside in the real world there are poor people who need that money which they are only spending on material things . you might put your money in the bank because you don't need it now , but tomorrow you don't know . i like to shop sometimes but not always and i don't like spending a lot of money on things that i don't really need . as to the rest of you who don't understand this , it's on your mind to keep shopping and spending all your money on things that you don't really need . 
and sometimes i get bored when i'm shopping because now i don't really enjoy it . 
and sometimes i get bored when i'm shopping because now i don't really enjoy it . 
bye and think on this . 
bye and think about this . 
your friend
your friend
lola villanueva j . 
lola villanueva j . 
dear mrs helen ryan
dear mrs helen ryan
with reference to the letter from you . i would like to inform some further information as follow . 
with reference to the letter from you , i would like to inform you of some further information , as follows . 
first of all , i am able to joy the camp only in july because then will be my school holiday . i would prefer tents to long cabins because i think it will be more interesting and exciting than live in long cabins . i am also interested in swimming and sailing , i am always go to swimming pool when i have time , our family used to live near the sea side , we would go sailing on the weekend and i miss it very much
first of all , i am able to join the camp only in july because that month is my school holiday . i would prefer tents to log cabins because i think it will be more interesting and exciting to live to stay in log cabins . i am also interested in swimming and sailing . i always go to the swimming pool when i have time . our family used to live near the seaside . we would go sailing on the weekend and i miss it very much
finally , i don't know much about there , is there anything should i bring with me ? what is the weather going to be like ? because i want to know what kind of clothes should i bring with me ? and how much meney should i have ? 
finally , i don't know much about there . is there anything i should bring with me ? what is the weather going to be like , because i want to know what kind of clothes i should bring with me ? and how much money i should take ? 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
rattanakosin areva
rattanakosin areva
shopping is not always enjoyable
shopping is not always enjoyable
most people believe that shopping is the most entertaining way . some people when they are in a sadness , they will go shopping to forget every thing and the fact is that every body knows how to shopping . if you have chilldren , you will know it very well when you are busy doing something and the chilldren see something they want to have , they will do everything they can do to make you buy it for them , sometime they even cry or shout to you and it is really anoy you . however they are happy after they have it . anyway , even in families they usauly have this problem that when they bought a new one , suddenly they have a problem that where the old one is going to be and that is the begining of argument between mother and farther or parents and chilldren . eventually i like shopping to and i beleive every body like shopping , but before you buy something think before you will not have any problems after that and the most important thing is make sure you have enough meney for survive . 
most people believe that shopping is the most entertaining way . some people when they are sad , will go shopping will go shopping when they are sad to forget everything and the fact is that everybody knows how to shop . if you have children , you will know very well that when you are busy doing something and the children see something they want to have , they will do everything they can do to make you buy it for them , sometimes they even cry or shout at you and it is really annoy annoying . however , they are happy once they have it . anyway , in families they usually have this problem that when they buy a new one , suddenly they have a problem about where the old one is going to be and that is the beginning of an argument between mother and father or parents and children . eventually i like shopping too and i believe everybody likes shopping , but before you buy something think first and you will not have any problems after that and the most important thing is make sure you have enough money to survive . 
dear mrs ryan , 
dear mrs ryan , 
i am writing to answer to your letter in which you told me i won first prize in our competetion , which is two weeks , i was very happy with this result since i did not think i could win . 
i am writing to reply to your letter in which you told me i won first prize in your competition , which is two weeks . i was very happy with this result since i did not think i could win . 
first of all i would like to tell you that i will be able to travel only in july because in the other months i will be too busy with my work . in the second place i add that i would prefer an accomodation in a tent , even though it is not very comfortable , because i want to put myself to the test by living in a condition i am not used to . 
first of all i would like to tell you that i will be able to travel only in july because in the other months i will be too busy with my work . in the second place i add that i would prefer an accommodation to stay in a tent , even though it is not very comfortable , because i want to put myself to the test by living in conditions i am not used to . 
besides this , in connexion with the activities we will have the chance to do , i would like to inform you that i choose swimming and tennis because i am quite good at both , especially at tennis . 
besides this , in connection with the activities we will have the chance to do , i would like to inform you that i choose swimming and tennis because i am quite good at both , especially at tennis . 
in addition to this i would like to ask you which kind of clothes and how much money it is necessary to have , since i am undecided about it not knowing the cost of life in california . 
in addition to this i would like to ask you what kind of clothes and how much money is necessary to have , since i am undecided about it , not knowing the cost of living in california . 
i look forward to hearing from you soon , 
i look forward to hearing from you soon , 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
marino rizzo
marino rizzo
the aim of this report is to suggest which activities of our daily life at school shoud be filmed to give the other students the idea of what we usually do not only during the lessons but also the rest of the time . 
the aim of this report is to suggest which activities in our daily life at school should be filmed to give the other students an idea of what we usually do , not only during the lessons but also the rest of the time . 
most of the students agree in saying that two are the main features of our daily life at school which should be filmed: it would be very funny to dwell on us working and speaking together without the help of the teacher to show our efforts and sometimes successful and sometimes ridiculous and also to film some amusing moments we spent waiting for the teacher . 
most of the students agree in saying that there are two main features in our daily life at school which should be filmed: it would be very funny to concentrate on us working and speaking together , without the help of the teacher , to show our efforts and sometimes successful and sometimes ridiculous and also to film some amusing moments we spend waiting for the teacher . 
a little percentage , on the contrary , said it would be very useful to film the teacher when she is explaining us something important , to give the idea of the real life in our classroom . which is the most . 
a small percentage , on the contrary , said it would be very useful to film the teacher when she is something important to us , to give an idea of real life in our classroom . which is the most . 
warsaw , 13th of june 2000
warsaw , 13th of june 2000
dear mrs . ryan , 
dear mrs . ryan , 
i am writing in response to your letter which i received two days go and in order to answer all questions i was asked to . 
i am writing in response to your letter which i received two days go and in order to answer all questions i was asked . 
first of all , the only month i will be able to visit the u . s . a . is july due to the fact that i have already arranged another trip for august . 
first of all , the only month i will be able to visit the u . s . a . is july due to the fact that i have already arranged another trip for august . 
second of all , i would prefer to live in a tent . i am used to this kind of accommodation since i have been taking part in survival camps for a long time . 
secondly , i would prefer to stay in a tent . i am used to this kind of accommodation since i have been taking part in survival camps for a long time . 
as far as the activities are concerned , i have chosen sailing and surfing . the reason of my decision is that other activities are availiable to take also in my county , except climbing , but i have fear of heights so this one is not destinated for people like me . 
as far as the activities are concerned , i have chosen sailing and surfing . the reason for my decision is that other activities are available also also available in my country , except climbing , but i have a fear of heights so this one is not destined for people like me . 
furthermore , i would like to ask you some questions . what type of clothes should i take and how much money would be enough ? is this a kind of " all inclusive " holidays ? 
furthermore , i would like to ask you some questions . what type of clothes should i take and how much money would be enough ? is this a kind of " all inclusive " holiday ? 
thank you in advance . 
thank you in advance . 
yours faithfully , 
yours faithfully , 
ursula sobczak
ursula sobczak
warsaw , 13 june 2000
warsaw , 13 june 2000
dear kim , 
dear kim , 
i think i told you about my plans of entering a group that helps at concerts , didn't i ? well , i took my chance and i was chosen to help at michael jackson's concert . amazing , isn't it ? the event took place a month ago in the rock stadium . there was about 100 000 people . we had a lot of things to do . acctually , they put me very close to the stage , in the middle of the real hell . many people fainted and some of them , the most serious cases , had to be taken to hospital . the biggest problem was connected with some foreigners who couldn't speak polish or english and we didn't know how to help them . despite this fact , the atmosphere was terrific . 
i think i told you about my plans joining to join a group that helps at concerts , didn't i ? well , i took my chance and i was chosen to help at michael jackson's concert . amazing , isn't it ? the event took place a month ago in the rock stadium . there were about 100 000 people . we had a lot of things to do . actually , they put me very close to the stage , in the middle of the real hell . many people fainted and some of them , the most serious cases , had to be taken to hospital . the biggest problem was connected with some foreigners who couldn't speak polish or english and we didn't know how to help them . despite this fact , the atmosphere was terrific . 
after the concert many people lost their way home , mostly foreigners who didn't know the buses' schedule . we had to order taxis for them as they didn't have mobile telephones . however , they were very nice people . 
after the concert many people lost their way home , mostly foreigners who didn't know the buses' schedule . we had to order taxis for them as they didn't have mobile telephones . however , they were very nice people . 
i didn't manage to meet michael as i had expected , but apart from that , i really enjoyed time i spent there . 
i didn't manage to meet michael as i had expected , but apart from that , i really enjoyed the time i spent there . 
you should also try . 
you should also try it . 
best wishes , 
best wishes , 
ursula . 
ursula . 
dear mrs helen ryan , 
dear mrs helen ryan , 
i am very happy to have won the first prize of the competition , and i am going to clear up some details you asked me in your letter . 
i am very happy to have won the first prize in the competition , and i am going to clarify some details you asked me about in your letter . 
firstly , because of my school exam , i would like to travel only july . moroever , i have chosen this month because i think the weather will be fine . at camp california , i hope i will be in tents because i like very much this kind of style life : i love the contact with the nature . 
firstly , because of my school exam , i would like to travel only in july . moreover , i have chosen this month because i think the weather will be fine . at camp california , i hope i will be in a tent because i like very much this kind of lifestyle : i love to be in contact with nature . 
on the other hand during my stay in camp california , i want to go swimming because i practice this activitie regularly and i often do competitions: this is one of my hobbies . in addition to this , i wish i am going to sail : i have never try it , but it seems to be great ! 
, during my stay at camp california , i want to go swimming because i practise this activity regularly and i often enter competitions: this is one of my hobbies . in addition to this , i wish to go sailing : i have never tried it , but it looks great ! 
finally , i have two questions more: i wonder if i can change my french money in the camp and what kind of clothes i have to buy before coming ? 
finally , i have two questions more: i wonder if i can change my french money in the camp and what kind of clothes i have to buy before coming ? 
yours sincerely . 
yours sincerely . 
didier bovie
didier bovie
dear kim , 
dear kim , 
as you asked me in your last letter , i am going to tell you more about the last month's pop concert . 
as you asked me in your last letter , i am going to tell you more about last month's pop concert . 
firstly , i arrived five hours before the begining of the concert in order to help the musicians to move the material from the van to the scene . as soon as all the conections was made , we tested the nivel of the sound : i found it too loud , so i advised them to regular it , and they listed to me ! then , there was only one hour left to install the differents color lights : it was just enought time . 
firstly , i arrived five hours before the beginning of the concert in order to help the musicians to move the equipment from the van to the stage . as soon as all the conections were made , we tested the level of the sound volume : i found it too loud , so i advised them to lower it , and they listened to me ! then , there was only one hour left to install the different coloured lights ; it was just enough time . 
thus , it was a fantastic afternoon because i like very much music , even if i don't play any music instrument . moreover , i learnt a lot about music , especially concerning the way of using an instrument . consequently , i hope i will play an instrument in the future , especially because the group promises me to help me to learn any instrument . 
so , it was a fantastic afternoon because i like music very much , even if i don't play any musical instrument . moreover , i learnt a lot about music , especially concerning how playing to play an instrument . consequently , i hope i will play an instrument in the future , especially because the group promises to help me to learn any instrument . 
see you soon . 
see you soon . 
best wishes
best wishes
didier bovie
didier bovie
dear mrs ryan , 
dear mrs ryan , 
thank you very much for your letter you sent me last week . i'm very proud to be the winner of your competition ! i have never been in such a camp before and so i'm looking forwart to spending two weeks there . here are the information you asked for:
thank you very much for your letter you sent me last week . i'm very proud to be the winner of your competition ! i have never been to such a camp before and so i'm looking forward to spending two weeks there . here is the information you asked for:
it is only possible for me to travel in july because of my unregular work . in july we have got low season and it will be easier to go then on hollyday . further i would prefer tents . i have been in a sport camp last year and it was funny to sleep in tents . 
it is only possible for me to travel in july because of my irregular work . july is the low season and it will be easier to go then on holiday on holiday then . further i would prefer a tent . i was at a sports camp last year and it was fun to sleep in tents . 
from the activities i choose tennis and surfing . i play tennis in a cup for five years but surfing i have never done before . 
from the activities i choose tennis and surfing . i have played tennis in a championship for five years but surfing i have never done before . 
we need some special sport clothes for this two activities ? and is it also allowed to bring my dog with ? he's a smal one ! 
do we need some special sports clothes for these two activities ? and am i allowed to bring my dog with me ? he's a small one ! 
i'm looking forwart to hearing from you
i'm looking forward to hearing from you
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
estelle brauer
estelle brauer
dear kim , 
dear kim , 
you know that i always wanted to help at a concert . to be in a staff team would be wonderful , i thougth . and i was right ! but now from the beginning:
you know that i always wanted to help at a concert . to be part of the staff would be wonderful , i thought . and i was right ! but now from the beginning:
as you know i wrote to that organisation who is always responsble for big events . one week later they invited me to a pop concert which took place in zurich last month . 
as you know i wrote to that organisation which is always responsible for big events . one week later they invited me to a pop concert which took place in zurich last month . 
when i arrived we first had a meeting . all from the staff team and the organisation spok about the rules and how to save people . after the meeting we recieved all the same clothes . we were a groupe ! one team ! before the concert we had a break to eat something and to talk to each other . it was interesting to see that all people have other hobbies and work . 
when i arrived we first had a meeting . all of the staff and the organisation spoke about the rules and how to save people . after the meeting we received all we all received the same clothes . we were a group ! one team ! before the concert we had a break to eat something and to talk to each other . it was interesting to see that all people have different hobbies and jobs . 
the concert was verry loud and long but we didn't have to work hard . i was happy that there was no danger for the people during the concert . after a nice concert we had to clean everything and i was happy when i arrived at home early in the morning . . ! 
the concert was very loud and long but we didn't have to work hard . i was happy that there was no danger for the people during the concert . after a nice concert we had to clean everything and i was happy when i arrived at home early in the morning . . ! 
greating and hope to see you soon
greetings and hope to see you soon
estelle
estelle
dear mrs/ms ryan , 
dear mrs/ms ryan , 
i am writing you because i would like to answer the information that you ask for . 
i am writing to you because i would like to provide the information that you ask for . 
firstly , i would like to travel there in july because it is the only month that i have free in my job . it will be impossible another choise , but if you have any problem you will be able to advise me , although i prefer to go there in july because i think is the best month to travel , the weather is nicer and warmer than in other seasons . 
firstly , i would like to travel there in july because it is the only month that i have free from my job . it will be impossible at another choice time , but if you have any problem you will be able to advise me , although i prefer to go there in july because i think it is the best month to travel ; the weather is nicer and warmer than in other seasons . 
secondly , my choise is the accommodation in tents , i think it could be more interesting , i could enjoy my time with other people playing , eating and talking outside , in my opinion if i choose the log cabins it will be like be at home . 
secondly , my choice is the accommodation in tents . i think it could be more interesting . i could enjoy my time with other people playing , eating and talking outside . in my opinion if i choose the log cabin it will be like being at home . 
about the two activities i need to select , i think the best one are swimming and painting . i choose swimming because i really love doing it , i used to swim every day in the sea a few years ago , i felt really healthy . my other choise is painting , i paint since i was ten years old , i used to go to special classes and i don't mind if you need me to help in the class . 
about the two activities i need to select , i think the best ones are swimming and painting . i choose swimming because i really love doing it . i used to swim every day in the sea a few years ago . i felt really healthy . my other choice is painting . i have been painting since i was ten years old . i used to go to special classes and i don't mind if you need me to help in the class . 
a thing i would like ask is if i need special clothes , i don't know what kind of camp i am going . it should be a dry place , i think but i would like to make sure my guess , as well , i would like to know how much money i will need , because it is also all paid i don't know if there will be some gift shops . 
one thing i would like to ask is if i need special clothes . i don't know what kind of camp i am going to . it should be a dry place , i think , but i would like to make sure . as well . also , i would like to know how much money i will need , because it is also all paid i don't know if there will be any gift shops . 
i look forward hearing from you . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
patricia reyes
patricia reyes
- shopping is not always enjoyable -
- shopping is not always enjoyable -
the most popular " sport " that all the people do it's obiously shopping . this is the thing that move hundred and hundreds of people in the world and we don't have to go to japan we have the evidences here in england . but the question is: is shopping always enjoyable ? 
the most popular " sport " that everyone does is obviously shopping . this is the thing that moves hundreds and hundreds of people in the world and we don't have to go to japan , we have the evidence here in england . but the question is: is shopping always enjoyable ? 
some people think that going shopping can keep you away from depression . you can enjoy your time spending all the money you have , buying clothes , jewells , furnitures , etc . and you could have a real great time . 
some people think that going shopping can keep you away from depression . you can enjoy your time spending all the money you have , buying clothes , jewels jewellery , furniture , etc . and you could have a really great time . 
but other people don't think like this , for example , there is a case of a woman who was shopping with her little daughter and without inttetion the girl get lost . the mother was shock , she didn't know how to look for her because all the shops and streets were full of people going out and in the places , it was nightmare but fortunaly the police found her . 
but other people don't think like this . for example , there is a case of a woman who was shopping with her little daughter and without intention the girl got lost . the mother was shocked . she didn't know how to look for her because all the shops and streets were full of people going in and out the places . it was a nightmare but fortunately the police found her . 
sometimes going shopping can be stressful . can you imagen be in japan or china and have to go to the shops ? i don't thing that i'll enjoy it , all the people knicking you , you can't walk properly or buy something , and also there are lot of cases which show how people can be in shops , i mean that some people can fight to get something . where we are going ! ! 
sometimes going shopping can be stressful . can you imagine being in japan or china and having to go to the shops ? i don't think that i'd enjoy it , all the people kicking you , you can't walk properly or buy anything . and also there are a lot of cases which show how people can be in shops . i mean that some people can fight to get something . where are we going ! ! 
in my opinion shopping is not the thing that i would like to do in my free time . i think that it's too stressful , too many people in the shops , so i prefer spend my free time go swimming or painting and i go shopping in the days that usually there are not too many people . 
in my opinion shopping is not a thing that i would like to do in my free time . i think that it's too stressful , there are too many people in the shops , so i prefer to spend my free time swimming or painting and i go shopping on the days when usually there are not too many people . 
dear sir , 
dear sir , 
thank you very much for your nice letter which informed me to have won first prize in my competition . 
thank you very much for your nice letter which informed me that i have won first prize in your competition . 
i'am really surprising and happy about it . 
i'm really surprised and happy about it . 
in your letter you needed some informations about me . unfortunately , i have only the possibility to travel in july because in august i will start a new job for six months . i won't be free , however all july i am at home . 
in your letter you asked for some information about me . unfortunately , i can only travel in july because in august i will start a new job for six months . i won't be free , however all july i am at home . 
for accommodations at this camp , i would prefer being in a tent to being in a log cabin . it is more amusing and friendly . it will allow me to make friends more quickly . 
regarding accommodation at this camp , i would prefer staying in a tent to staying in a log cabin . it is more fun and friendlier more sociable . it will allow me to make friends more quickly . 
two of my best activities are swimming and photography . the first one is a needless for me . i go every day swimming one mile . the last summer i won a prize in competition of swimming . the second one is more a hobby . i like go in nature and make photography . i started it two months ago . i don't have any material . 
two of my favourite activities are swimming and photography . the first one of these is a needless for me . i go swimming every day and swim one mile . last summer i won a prize in a swimming competition . the second activity is more of a hobby . i like to go to the countryside and take photographs . i started two months ago . i don't have any equipment . 
could you tell me if you would lend me some material for photography ? 
could you tell me if you could lend me some equipment for photography photographic equipment ? 
what sort of clothes will i need for these two weeks ? 
what sort of clothes will i need for these two weeks ? 
how much money will i take with me ? 
how much money should i take with me ? 
i look forward to hearing from you soon . 
i look forward to hearing from you soon . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
henri devereux
henri devereux
dear kim , 
dear kim , 
i'm so happy with the experience i lived last month . 
i'm so happy about the experience i had last month . 
i told you that i have helped at a pop concert last month . i was really great . 
i told you that i helped at a pop concert last month . it was really great . 
firstly i was designed to sell the tickets . i was already happy to help in such a big concert than the mylene farmer's concert . 
first i was chosen to sell the tickets . i was really happy to help at a concert as big as mylene farmer's . 
i was starting to sell the tickets when a person who organised told me to go into the lodge . they needed one person for putting the clothes into a wardrobe . it was the lodge of mylene farmer . are you thinking ? i was so exciting ! unfortunately , i didn't see her but it allowed me to talk with her manager john and her musicians . all were very kindly and pleasant . it was a big moment for me . finally these people are like us , they have just a special job with special times . the next year , if it will be possible , i would like go back with you . they will organise a same concert pop but with an other singer . i look forward to hearing from you soon . 
i was starting to sell the tickets when an organiser told me to go into the dressing room . they needed one person to put the clothes into a wardrobe . it was the dressing room of mylene farmer . what do you think of that ? i was so excited ! unfortunately , i didn't see her but it allowed me to talk with her manager , john , and her musicians . they all were were all very kind and pleasant . it was a big moment for me . these people are like us , they just have a special job with special times . next year , if it is possible , i would like go back with you . they will organise the same pop concert but with another singer . i look forward to hearing from you soon . 
love , 
love , 
henri
henri
dear mr. helen ryan
dear mr. helen ryan
i am very happy to here from you that i have won first prize in your competition - twe weeks at camp california in the u . s . a . and i am writing for my information to tell you . 
i am very happy to hear from you that i have won first prize in your competition - two weeks at camp california in the u . s . a . and i am writing to tell you my information . 
firstly , i will be able to travel only in july because i go to univercity and i normaly spend the most of time for work . to do . and i have holiday only in july . 
firstly , i will be able to travel only in july because i go to university and i normally spend most of the time working . to do . and i have holiday only in july . 
secondly , it is accommodation . i prefer in tents . when i go to camp , i stay in a log cabins all the time so i would like to try different way to stay , this time . 
secondly , accommodation . i prefer tents . when i go camping , i stay in log cabins all the time so i would like to try a different way to camp , this time . 
and i choose phtograghy and tennis from the activities list . i am taking photograghy courses at univercity and i started tennis , when i was 10 so i am good at bouth of them . 
and i choose photography and tennis from the activities list . i am taking photography lessons at university and i started tennis when i was 10 so i am good at both of them . 
endly , i have questions about clothes and money . 
finally , i have questions about clothes and money . 
how much money should i take and should i take only casual clothes and trainers ? 
how much money should i take and should i take only casual clothes and trainers ? 
i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
your sincerely
yours sincerely
dear kim . 
dear kim . 
thank you for your lovely letter and i hope you are well . 
thank you for your lovely letter and i hope you are well . 
the other day , i worked at a pop concert to help . it was really interesting than i expected . my job at behind the stage was helping make-up , hare and clothes staylist . it was very hard . the singers often changed them clothes and them make-up was easy to be off because of the sweat . it was different from i did at college . there was no time to rest . but i met a lot of famous singer and spoke to them . in front of the stage was so many people and they couldn't see them very well , but i was at very near from the stage and i could see them just there . 
the other day , i worked at a pop concert to help . it was really more interesting than i expected . my job behind the stage was helping with make-up , hair and clothes staylist . it was very hard . the singers often changed their clothes and their make-up was easy to be off because of the sweat . it was different from when i did it at college . there was no time to rest . but i met a lot of famous singers and spoke to them . in front of the stage were so many people so many people were in front of the stage and they couldn't see them very well , but i was very near to the stage and i could see them just there . 
you like pop music , don't you ? so , don't go to a concert ! work at a concert ! that's much more exciting . 
you like pop music , don't you ? so , don't go to a concert ! work at a concert ! that's much more exciting . 
anyway , shall we meet sometime ? we haven't met each other so long time and i'll tell you more story of this . 
anyway , shall we meet sometime ? we haven't seen each other for so long time and i'll tell you more stories about this . 
write soon , 
write soon , 
bye bye . 
bye bye . 
dear helen ryan , 
dear helen ryan , 
at first , i am very happy to win this first prize and as expected i'm following your instruction . 
firstly , i am very happy to win this first prize and as expected i'm following your instructions . 
i can enjoy this gifted prize only after 7th of july , because before this date i will be in jamaica doing a english course . i have been traveling around jamaica for a year without any conpert due to an inclination for adventure , so i would rather you provided a tend , i don't mind . 
i can enjoy this prize only after the 7th of july , because before this date i will be in jamaica doing an english course . i have been travelling around jamaica for a year without any conpert due to an inclination for adventure , so i would rather you provided a tent , i don't mind . 
from the 10 opitions that i have to chose i will chose two , climbing , wich i have been praticing for three years and because that i know by heart how to do it , and swimming wich i have also been doing every day in my daily rotine in portugal . 
from the 10 options that i have to choose from i will choose two , climbing , which i have been practising doing for three years because i know it by heart , and swimming which i have also been doing every day as part of my daily routine in portugal . 
i would like to know about wich sort of close i have got to take ? and i also would like to ask how much money i have got to take . i hope that after jully won't disturb the camp california's plans for me . 
i would like to know about which what sort of clothes i have got to take ? and i also would like to ask how much money i have got to take . i hope that coming after july july won't disturb camp california's plans for me . 
all reggards 
all regards best regards 
school days
school days
as known , every body have to spend all the childhood and youth at the school , because that everybody have a similar daily life such as , wake up , got to the school , study and the best , meet all the friends . 
as known , everybody has to spend all their childhood and youth at school , because of that everybody has a similar daily life such as , wake up , got to the school , study and the best , meet all the friends . 
a survey has been done , and the issue is , wich subjects ( lessons ) and activities the students thinks are the most enjoyables . someone says it is maths , pratical , usefull but the majority says it is boring , unless you're chose a job which charges all your math's knowledge as accounting , otherwise you can use a calculator or a computer . the majorite has chosen history , which means a big journey around the world , either at the roman life style , or in the midle age , when a revolution happened with deaps and new lands . people must get some rest often , and as a result they look forward some happiness at the free time such as , party , games , and every one loves party , it should have been filmed . 
a survey has been done , and the issue is which subjects ( lessons ) and activities the students think are the most enjoyable . someone says it is maths - practical , useful - but the majority say it is boring , unless you're choosing a job which demands all your maths knowledge such as accounting , otherwise you can use a calculator or a computer . the majority have chosen history , which means a big journey around the world , either at the roman life style , or in the middle ages , when a revolution happened with deaps and new lands . people must get some rest often , and as a result they look forward to some happiness at the free time such as , party , games , and every one loves party . it . that should be filmed . 
at all schools there is a similar daily life wich must be filmed , this is a important part of our life , wich is full of emotions in development . 
at all schools there is a similar daily life which must be filmed . this is an important part of our life , which is full of emotions in development . 
dear sir or madam , 
dear sir or madam , 
i am writing this letter to let you know my decision about your letter , which i have received recently . i would like to thank you for competition which was organised by your agency and i must say that i was very surprised when i received the result of the competition . 
i am writing this letter to let you know my decision in reply to your letter , which i have received recently . i would like to thank you for the competition which was organised by your agency and i must say that i was very surprised when i received the result of the competition . 
i think , i could have an holiday just in july because i will have been working in my previous company for one year by the end of the june and i will have a one month holiday period from my company . i would rather prefer to stay in the tent than to stay in the log cabin because the tent is more enjoyable . 
i think i could have a holiday only in july because i will have been working for my company for one year by the end of the june and i will have a one-month holiday from my company . i would prefer to stay in a tent than stay in the log cabin because a tent is more enjoyable . 
i might say that i am really good at swimming and sailling because i have been joining these kinds of activities for five year and i had really good training about sea-sports . 
i might say that i am really good at swimming and sailing because i have been doing these kinds of activities for five years and i have had a really good training in water sports . 
should i take my clothes with me or are they arranged in the camp placement ? also , how much does it cost . 
should i take my clothes with me or are they provided in the camp placement ? also , how much does it cost ? 
i am looking to hear from you . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours faithfully , 
yours faithfully , 
dear kim
dear kim
i hope you and all your family are well and everything is ok . i'd like to tell you about what exciting experience i had last month during a pop concert . i wish you were there and saw the concert , it was really brilliant . 
i hope you and all your family are well and everything is ok . i'd like to tell you about the exciting experience i had last month during a pop concert . i wish you had been there and seen the concert , it was really brilliant . 
as you know i'd never been to any activities like to be a valunteer before . the concert tickets were very expensive and i'd seen an adversitement on the tv . it said , " be a valunteer for our concert and get a free ticket " . after that i applied and they accepted my application . 
as you know , i'd never been to any activities as a volunteer before . the concert tickets were very expensive and i'd seen an advertisement on tv . it said , " be a volunteer at our concert and get a free ticket . " after that i applied and they accepted my application . 
you should have seen , there was really terrible rush before concert and everybody was runing around to do something . i helped to carry huge speakers to the concert venue . than i was told to stay in front of the entrance door and check the tickets . some people tried to enter without any ticket but they weren't allowed by police . 
you should have seen it , there was a really terrible rush before the concert and everybody was running around doing something . i helped to carry huge speakers to the concert venue . then i was told to stay in front of the entrance and check the tickets . some people tried to enter without a ticket but they weren't allowed by the police . 
finally , i helped them , in return i had good experience as well as enjoyed listening music . 
finally , i helped them and in return i had a good experience as well as enjoying listening to the music . 
love
love
dear sir/madam . 
dear sir/madam , 
i've just recived your leter , and i must say that i am so surprised , i wasn't expecting to win it . 
i've just received your letter , and i must say that i am so surprised . i wasn't expecting to win it . 
i still studing at the moment i will finish at the end of june so i will be able to leave at the begining of july . 
i am still studying at the moment i will finish at the end of june so i will be able to leave at the beginning of july . 
about the acomodation , i would prefer a log cabin instead of a tent so as to get a better rest . i've got some problem to sleep and a log cabin will be more peaceful than a ten . 
regarding the accommodation , i would prefer a log cabin instead of a tent so as to get a better rest . i have a problem sleeping and a log cabin will be more peaceful than a tent . 
you are asking me to choose just 2 activities . it's quite dificult for me because there are 4 of them i like a lot wich are climbing , tennis , surfing and photography , but if i have to make a choise , i choose climbing and surfing . i'm rather trained in climbing , i have done it once a mounth since i was 17 . but in the other hand , i have never done surfing , i am a completely beginer but i am dieing to do it . 
you are asking me to choose just 2 activities . it's quite difficult for me because there are 4 of them i like a lot , which are climbing , tennis , surfing and photography , but if i have to make a choice , i choose climbing and surfing . i'm rather experienced at climbing . i have done it once a month since i was 17 . but on the other hand , i have never been surfing . i am a complete beginner beginner but i am dying to do it . 
i've got just one question to do , i know it is all include , but is there anything i will have to pay for ? if there is , please let me know . 
i've got just one question to ask . i know it is all inclusive , but is there anything i will have to pay for ? if there is , please let me know . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you very soon , and please let me know if you need any further information . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you very soon , and please let me know if you need any further information . 
yours faithfully:
yours faithfully:
first of all , i think we should have a protagonist for it . a good idea to start will be a clock alarm ringing close to his bed , because that's the way everyone get up in the morning , ( unless the people who don't do anythink ) 
first of all , i think we should have a protagonist for it . a good idea to start will be an alarm clock ringing close to his bed , because that's the way everyone gets up in the morning ( apart from the people who don't do anything ) . 
after that , we should have a morning view of one of the most busiest london tube station in order to show stressed people going in and out , including our protagonist going out peacefully with a couple of books on his hand - then the school's door , and him going in . 
after that , we should have a morning shot of one of the busiest london tube stations in order to show stressed people going in and out , including among them our protagonist leaving peacefully with a couple of books in his hand - then the school's door , and him going in . 
after all this introduction , will be the time to show some of the acitivities every one can join in the school , such as lesons or others like the library , our protagonist having a cofe with some coleagues in the cofe bar , the reception service . . 
after this introduction , it will be time to show some of the activities everyone can do at the school , such as lessons or others like the library , our protagonist having a coffee with some colleagues in the cafe bar , the reception service . 
and finally a view of all the students leaving the school would be a nice end . 
and finally a shot of all the students leaving the school would be a nice ending . 
dear helen ryan
dear helen ryan
thank you very much for your letter . i was very glad to hear that i had won first prize in the competition . 
thank you very much for your letter . i was very glad to hear that i had won first prize in the competition . 
anyway , to participate in two-weeks camp california in the u . s . a i readily give you my personal details and information . first of all , the most favorable time for me to travel is july , because i am in the final year of university , so i have to attend classes for a thesis almost throughout the year apart from july , when i can take a relatively long summer holiday . second of all , i would prefer to stay in log cabins to staying in tents , since i have had a horrible experience being attaked by a herd of midges , when i camped out . additionally , i am very happy to be given the chance to do some activities during the stay . i would willingly like to choose swimming and painting . i used to belong to a swimming club and practise swimming a couple of times a week . i have also gone in for some competitions . painting is one of my hobbies as well , although i do not specialise in it or anything . i'm looking forward to painting beautiful landscapes of california . last but not at least , what sort of clothes do you think i must bring with me , and is there any laundry system there ? also should i take some money just in case ? 
anyway , to participate in two-weeks at camp california in the u . s . a i readily give you my personal details and information . first of all , the most favourable time for me to travel is july , because i am in the final year of university , so i have to attend classes for a thesis almost throughout the year apart from july , when i can take a relatively long summer holiday . secondly , i would prefer to stay in log cabins to staying in tents , since i have had a horrible experience being attacked by a swarm of midges , when i camped out . additionally , i am very happy to be given the chance to do some activities during the stay . i would like to choose swimming and painting . i used to belong to a swimming club and practise swimming a couple of times a week . i have also gone in for some competitions . painting is one of my hobbies as well , although i do not specialise in it or anything . i'm looking forward to painting beautiful landscapes of california . last but not at least , what sort of clothes do you think i must bring with me , and is there any laundry system there ? also should i take some money just in case ? 
i'm looking forward to hearing from you soon , and i would be very grateful for your help . 
i'm looking forward to hearing from you soon , and i would be very grateful for your help . 
yours faithfully 
yours sincerely 
introduction
introduction
the aim of this report is to describe and assess daily life at this school and suggest which lessons and other activities should be filmed . this is based on a questionnair conducted in the school and our english department's investigation . 
the aim of this report is to describe and assess daily life at this school and suggest which lessons and other activities should be filmed . this is based on a questionnaire conducted in the school and our english department's investigation . 
lessons
lessons
according to statistics based on the questionnair , the majority of students feel the most enthusiasm for an english class . this may be thanks to native speaker teachers who came to the school last year . in fact , i visited some englishe classes to find out that most students tried to answer questions and speak to native teachers . furthermore less numbers of students were nodding off comparing with other classes like maths . consequently it might be a good idea to film the english class so that the vibrant and active atomosphere may be able to be filmed . this may also contribute to the promotion of english department . 
according to statistics based on the questionnaire , the majority of students feel the most enthusiasm for an english class . this may be thanks to native-speaker teachers who came to the school last year . in fact , i visited some english classes to find out that most students tried to answer questions and speak to native teachers . furthermore , fewer students were nodding off compared with other classes like maths . consequently , it might be a good idea to film the english class so that the vibrant and active atmosphere may be able to be filmed . this may also contribute to the promotion of the english department . 
extra activities
extra activities
it was found that hockey is the most popular sport among students . as the record says , our hockey team has been on the top of the league for three successive years . the girls' football team is also famous for its reputation of keeness on practice . although every school has a boys' football team , our school is the only one which possesses a girls' team . team members can be interviewed . 
it was found that hockey is the most popular sport among students . as the record says , our hockey team has been at the top of the league for three successive years . the girls' football team is also famous for its reputation of keenness on practice . although every school has a boys' football team , our school is the only one which possesses a girls' team . team members can be interviewed . 
conclusion
conclusion
to sum up , our school is famous for achievements in several fields as well as academic achievements . the whole point of making a video is to tell people that we are not only bugs of books but also enjoying our school life . it might also be a good idea to film our computing rooms and sports facilities that we can be proud of . 
to sum up , our school is famous for achievements in several fields as well as academic achievements . the whole point of making a video is to tell people that we are not only bookworms but also enjoying our school life . it might also be a good idea to film our computing rooms and sports facilities that we can be proud of . 
13th june 2000
13th june 2000
dear ms ryam , 
dear ms ryam , 
i was very happy to receive your letter since i was eager to spend some time in the usa . 
i was very happy to receive your letter since i was eager to spend some time in the usa . 
i would like to reach the camp in july , and spend there the last two weeks of the month because in august i must start studying for my examinations . 
i would like to reach the camp in july , and spend there the last two weeks of the month because in august i must start studying for my examinations . 
as to accomodation i would like to choose a tent because i am used to travelling with my sleeping bag and my tent all over europe . 
as to accommodation i would like to choose a tent because i am used to travelling with my sleeping bag and my tent all over europe . 
as far as activities are concerned i would prefer basketball and climbing . i am very good at basketball , and even if i am not a tall boy , i am a good playmaker and i play in a local team . as to climbing i am almost inexperienced but i would like to improve . 
as far as activities are concerned i would prefer basketball and climbing . i am very good at basketball , and even if i am not a tall boy , i am a good player and i play in a local team . as to climbing i am quite inexperienced but i would like to improve . 
i would like to ask you some other things . which kind of clothes have i to put in my case ? i would like to know , for instance , whether the evenings there are cold or hot . please let me know if the camp california accepts credit cards
i would like to ask you about some other things . what kind of clothes should i put in my case ? i would like to know , for instance , whether the evenings there are cold or hot . please let me know if camp california accepts credit cards
i look forward to hearing from you
i look forward to hearing from you
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
fabienne mull
fabienne mull
13th june 2000
13th june 2000
dear kim , 
dear kim , 
i was very happy to receive your last letter . as you know i had a great time helping at a pop concert . 
i was very happy to receive your last letter . as you know i had a great time helping at a pop concert . 
i was at the concert when i met a friend of mine whose job is to organise shows like that . he told me he needed a boy who could help on stage . as you known i can do a little of everything so i accepted . i connected wires , i caried loudspeakers , and so on . 
i was at the concert when i met a friend of mine whose job is to organise shows like that . he told me he needed a boy who could help on stage . as you know , i can do a little of everything so i accepted . i connected wires , i carried loudspeakers , and so on . 
when the show started i was on the stage close to famous singers , bono vox and david bowie . towards the end of the concert i hansled a bottle of wine to poolo conte . 
when the show started i was on the stage close to two famous singers , bono vox and david bowie . towards the end of the concert i handed a bottle of wine to poolo conte . 
i couldn't believe in it ! poolo conte asked me to drink with him . as you know he's my favorite singer . we started talking about music and i asked him many things about his texts , which are beautiful but sometimes difficult to understand . i think i won't never forget that evening . 
i couldn't believe it ! poolo conte asked me to drink with him . as you know he's my favourite singer . we started talking about music and i asked him many things about his lyrics , which are beautiful but sometimes difficult to understand . i don't think i will ever forget that evening . 
i'm looking forward to hearing from you . 
i'm looking forward to hearing from you . 
with my best wishes
with my best wishes
fabienne
fabienne
dear helen ryan . 
dear helen ryan . 
i am writing to reply your letter about my first prize in your competition and give you all information for my two weeks at camp california . 
i am writing to reply to your letter about the first prize in your competition and to give you all the information for my two weeks at camp california . 
first of all , i prefer travelling in july , because it will be my school vacation and i'm not allowed to travel during school times . it'd be great if i could be accommodated in tents , because i've never slept in tents before , and i think it is an interesting experience . 
first of all , i would prefer travelling in july , because i will be on vacation and i'm not allowed to travel during term . it'd be great if i could stay in a tent , because i've never slept in a tent before , and i think it is an interesting experience . 
secondly , the two activities wich i'd like to pratice during the campsite are sailing and surfing . i have already surfed when i was travelling in brazil , but since them i have hadn't a chance to do it again . although i know how surfing , i have no idea about sailing , i just only read about it and i am very interested to practice . is there any problem ? 
secondly , the two activities which i'd like to practise do during the camp are sailing and surfing . i have already surfed when i was travelling in brazil , but since then i haven't had a chance to do it again . although i know how to surf , i have no idea about sailing . i have only read about it and i am very interested in to practise to try trying . is there any problem ? 
i'd like to ask you some questions: is necessary bring money to the camp ? how much ? and about clothes ? what is more appropiated ? 
i'd like to ask you some questions: is it necessary to bring any money to the camp ? how much ? and about clothes ? what is more appropriated appropriate ? 
finally , i want to thank you for the great opportunity i look forward to hearing from you . 
finally , i want to thank you for this great opportunity . i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely . 
yours sincerely . 
camila beatriz de j . branco
camila beatriz de j . branco
a programme not often good . 
a programme is not often good . 
shopping is said that an enjoyable programme in all situations . however sometimes it isn't so wonderful as it seems to be . 
shopping is said to be an enjoyable programme in all situations . however sometimes it isn't so wonderful as it seems to be . 
when you go to a sale shop it is dificult to find what you look for without a help of the shop assistant . the problem is find a shop assistant who hear your problems and can help you . after that you have to wait a long time in the qeue to pay and many times isn't possible pay with your credit card and you don't have a money in cash . so you had lost hours to buy nothing . you can't talk to manager even to give him suggestions to improve his business , because he is always absent . and don't try to complain to someone else because they won't hear you . 
when you go to a shop it is difficult to find what you are looking for without the help of the shop assistant . the problem is finding a shop assistant who listen listens to your problems and can help you . after that you have to wait a long time in the queue to pay and many times it isn't possible to pay with your credit card and you don't have any money in cash . so you had wasted have wasted hours buying nothing . you can't talk to the manager even to give him suggestions on how to improve his business , because he is always absent . and don't try to complain to someone else because they won't hear you . 
to conclude , although you can have good moments while shopping all of us know that it is not always enjoyable , isn't it ? 
to conclude , although you can have good times while shopping all of us know that it is not always enjoyable , is it ? 
dear mr. ryan , 
dear mr. ryan , 
even if i worked hard on it , i was very surprised of winning just the first prize . 
even if i worked hard on it , i was very surprised to win the first prize . 
at the moment , i'm worried of about not being able to enjoy it because i have recently achieved a new job and i started working just three months ago . for this reason i am afraid i won't be allowed to chose the period for my holidays . 
at the moment , i'm worried about not being able to enjoy it because i have recently got a new job and i started working just three months ago . for this reason i am afraid i won't be allowed to choose the time of my holidays . 
consequently i hope that is possible to join the camp during the last two weeks of july , when the company i work with suspends its activities . as far as i am concerned , i would prefer an accomodation in a log cabin , but in case there are no cabins left i can stay in a tend as well . 
consequently i hope that it is possible to join the camp during the last two weeks of july , when the company i work for suspends its activities . as far as i am concerned , i would prefer an accommodation to stay in a log cabin , but in case there are no cabins left i can stay in a tent as well . 
as you already know , i am trying to become a professional photographer , consequently i would choose photograpy as the first activities and painting as the second . 
as you already know , i am trying to become a professional photographer , consequently i would choose photography as the first activity and painting as the second . 
however i would like to know if by any chance the photograpy activities are only for beginners . in this case i would rather do some climbing , which i have never done before . 
however , i would like to know if by any chance the photography activities are only for beginners . in this case i would rather do some climbing , which i have never done before . 
yours faithfully 
yours sincerely 
- shopping is not always enjoyable - . 
- shopping is not always enjoyable - . 
in general , shopping is considered a pleasant activity . actualy most people work hard to earn their money and consequently , the occasion in which this money is spent to buy something useful , or simply something they like , should be considered a very pleasant situation . in fact , the shopping you do for the daily needs is seldom enjouble , as it is clearly more a duty than a pleasure and morover you are often faced with some nasty situations . shops and markets are often noisy and crowded , you don't know where to park your car , shop assistants are rude and sometimes they don't know how to do their job . anyway if you can choose the time and the place , and if you go shopping just because you like it , and not because you need it , shopping can be a very nice activity . 
in general , shopping is considered a pleasant activity . actually most people work hard to earn their money and consequently , the occasion on which this money is spent to buy something useful , or simply something they like , should be considered a very pleasant occasion . in fact , the shopping you do for your daily needs is seldom enjoyable , as it is clearly more a duty than a pleasure and moreover you are often faced with some nasty situations . shops and markets are often noisy and crowded , you don't know where to park your car , shop assistants are rude and sometimes they don't know how to do their job . anyway if you can choose the time and the place , and if you go shopping just because you like it , and not because you need to , shopping can be a very nice activity . 
personally i don't like dealing with shop assistants and looking around the shops , so i buy all what i can using " on-line " services . 
personally i don't like dealing with shop assistants and looking around the shops , so i buy all that i can using " on-line " services . 
god bless the one who invented the internet ! 
god bless the person who invented the internet ! 
13th june 2000
13th june 2000
dear helen ryan , 
dear helen ryan , 
first of all , i would like to thank you and your organisation for giving me this opportunity . i've just received your letter this morning . i am very happy an exciting about it . 
first of all , i would like to thank you and your organisation for giving me this opportunity . i've just received your letter this morning . i am very happy and excited about it . 
i can only travel during july because i have many a-levels examinations to take during june . i would prefer staying in a tent because i haven't done it before and i would like to give it a go . i also would like to chose basketball and surfing as two activities to do while i am at the camp . i am very keen on basketball . i am a captain of school's basketball team and we have won many competitions . however , my surfing skill is very average as i have only been surfing for three months . there are two questions i would like to ask . first question is how many and what type of clothes do i have to take with me ? another question is how much money do i have to take with me ( roughly ) ? 
i can only travel during july because i have a lot of a-level examinations to take during june . i would prefer staying in a tent because i haven't done it before and i would like to give it a go . i would also like to choose basketball and surfing as two activities to do while i am at the camp . i am very keen on basketball . i am the captain of the school's basketball team and we have won a lot of competitions . however , my surfing ability is very average as i have only been surfing for three months . there are two questions i would like to ask . the first question is how many and what type of clothes do i have to take with me ? another question is how much money do i have to take with me ( roughly ) ? 
i am really looking forward to take part at camp california . 
i am really looking forward to taking part in camp california . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
duangkamol ( denis ) saowaluk
duangkamol ( denis ) saowaluk
13th june 2000
13th june 2000
dear kim , 
dear kim , 
how are you ? i am fine . remember i have told you that i have been selected to help at a pop concert of a local band ? well , it turned out really well and everybody had a great time . 
how are you ? i am fine . remember i told you that i had been selected to help at a pop concert of a local band ? well , it turned out really well and everybody had a great time . 
it was last month that i was selected . i had to help the director writing a script of the concert and design the background of the stage . i have also been told that they were going to make a music video from that concert , so i tried as well as i could . i didn't get involved that much in writing a script because it was very hard and the director wrote most of it but the main idea of the background of the stage was my , and i am very proud of it . everything has been finally planed two days before the concert . 
it was last month that i was selected . i had to help the director write a script for the concert and design the background of the stage . i had also been told that they were going to make a music video of that concert , so i tried as well as i could . i didn't get involved that much in writing the script because it was very hard and the director wrote most of it but the main idea for the background of the stage was mine , and i am very proud of it . everything was finally planned two days before the concert . 
on saturday night , the concert began . everything went really well , the music was great and the fans were loving it . when they've finished singing the last song i was surprice when they called me up on the stage and said thank you to me in front of hundreds of people . i am sure that i'll never forget that moment . 
on saturday night , the concert began . everything went really well . the music was great and the fans were loving it . when they finished singing the last song i was surprise surprised when they called me up on the stage and said thank you to me in front of hundreds of people . i am sure that i'll never forget that moment . 
love , 
love , 
dear helen
dear helen
i am writing to thank you for the first prize in your competition and reply to your letter . 
i am writing to thank you for the first prize in your competition and to reply to your letter . 
first of all , according to your letter you asked me my prefered travel dates . if it is possible , i would only like to travel in july because i am going to go on my holiday in july . 
first of all , in your letter you asked me my preferred travel dates . if it is possible , i would only like to travel in july because i am going to be on holiday in july . 
on your letter , you are going to provid me one of tents and log cabins with accommodation at camp california . i would like to be in tents because i can find it being in tents more comfortable than being in log cabins . 
in your letter , you are going to provid me one of tents and log cabins with accommodation at camp california . i would like to be in tents because i find being in tents more comfortable than being in log cabins . 
i am very happy because i can have a chance to do activities while i am at the camp . i would like to take part in the golf and the sailing . i am not goot at both of them . i have been interested in them so i would like to turn up them on this chance . 
i am very happy because i can have a chance to do activities while i am at the camp . i would like to take part in the golf and the sailing . i am not good at either of them . i have been interested in them so i would like to turn up them on this chance . 
finally , i would like to know something about travel . could you let me know whether i need extra money or what sort of clothes i need . i would also like to know whether someone will be at the airport for me because this will be the first time in the u . s . a . 
finally , i would like to know something about travel . could you let me know whether i need extra money or what sort of clothes i need . i would also like to know whether someone will be at the airport for me because this will be my first time in the u . s . a . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
dear kim
dear kim
i was happy to get your letter . i haven't writen a letter to you for ages . i'm sorry about that . 
i was happy to get your letter . i haven't written a letter to you for ages . i'm sorry about that . 
on your letter , you want to hear about my experience at a pop concert . i'll tell you my experience about helping the pop concert . 
in your letter , you want to hear about my experience at a pop concert . i'll tell you about my experience helping at the pop concert . 
at first , i applyed for the volenteer at the pop concert and then i got a responsibility for control the audience . i had to make the fan to keep a queue . i also make them find their seats . it was very hard working . for example , i always spoke loudly and run fast . 
at first , i applied to be a volunteer at the pop concert and then i got responsibility for controlling the audience . i had to make the fans keep in a queue . i also made helped them find their seats . it was very hard work . for example , i always spoke loudly and ran fast . 
however , there was something good to me . i saw a lot of singers and entertainers . i didn't need to pay enterence fee because i was working there . 
however , there was something good for me . i saw a lot of singers and entertainers . i didn't need to pay an entrance fee because i was working there . 
plus , i got a authography from a popular singer . i'll give you the authography for present . it is valuable of keeping on your suvinier . 
plus , i got an autograph from a popular singer . i'll give you the autograph as a present . it is valuable of keeping on your souvenir . 
i'll tell you more experience on next letter . 
i'll tell you more about the experience in my next letter . 
looking forward to hearing from you . 
looking forward to hearing from you . 
best whishes 
best wishes 
dear helen ryan
dear helen ryan
in response to your letter that i received last saturday i am writting to answer your questions . 
in response to your letter that i received last saturday i am writing to answer your questions . 
i am very happy that i won this competition . i would like to travel as soon as possible because now i am on holiday . my holidays will finish in the begining of september and will be good to travel during this time . ( august-september ) . 
i am very happy that i won this competition . i would like to travel as soon as possible because now i am on holiday . my holidays will finish at the beginning of september and it will be good to travel during this period . ( august-september ) . 
the accommodation i would prefer to stay in tents because i like adventures and also i will have more contact with the nature . 
the accommodation i would prefer to stay in is a tent because i like adventures and also i will have more contact with nature . 
for the time that i will spend there i would like to chose more the two activities but i know is not possible so i chose swimming and singing . i usualy sing in my spare time and my friends love when i sing and about swimming i was champion last year in my city . so , i am quite good . 
for the time that i will spend there i would like to choose more than two activities but i know it is not possible so i choose swimming and singing . i usually sing in my spare time and my friends love it when i sing and regarding swimming i was champion last year in my city . so , i am quite good . 
i would like to ask you some questions like which kind of clothes i have to go with ? will i need to go with how much money ? is necessery tablets ( for headach , insects ) ? can i go with a friend ? 
i would like to ask you some questions like what kind of clothes do i have to take with me ? will i need to take how much money how much money will i need to take ? are necessary tablets are tablets necessary ( for headache , insects ) ? can i go with a friend ? 
thank you for your attention . 
thank you for your attention . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you soon . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you soon . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
introduction
introduction
this report is going to give us ideas about which lessons and other activities should be filmed in our daily life at school . 
this report is going to give us ideas about which lessons and other activities should be filmed from our daily life at school . 
why to film the school ? 
why film the school ? 
firstly we should film our school to show how important it is for our growing . secondly , parts of our life like breaks , lunch time , spending time with friends will be good to make the video interesting . 
firstly we should film our school to show how important it is for our development . secondly , parts of our life , like breaks , lunch time , spending time with friends , will be good to make the video interesting . 
suggesting places to film . 
suggesting places to film . 
a good place to be filmed is our geography class . the students in this class have lots of freedom to speak and we can travel around the world in one hour and fifteen minutes . is wonderfull how the tecnology make things so easy . also we should film our sports class because with this we will show how important is to be healthy nowadays . 
a good place to film is our geography class . the students in this class have lots of freedom to speak and we can travel around the world in one hour and fifteen minutes . it is wonderful how technology makes things so easy . also we should film our sports class because with this we will show how important it is to be healthy nowadays . 
conclusion
conclusion
to conclude we could film our teachers life too . will be great because teachers are part of our life and they have to receive all our attention and friendship because if are not them we will never grow and learn how to live our lives more confidents and with lots of good experiences that we will never forget . 
to conclude we could film our teachers' lives too . that will be great because teachers are part of our life and they have to receive all our attention and friendship because if it wasn't for them we would never grow and learn how to live our lives more confident confidently and with lots of good experiences that we will never forget . 
dear miss helen ryan , 
dear miss helen ryan , 
thank you for informing me that i have won the first prize in your competition . i am writing to give you some of my information and i would like to have some further information on the camp in california . 
thank you for informing me that i have won the first prize in your competition . i am writing to give you some of my information and i would like to have some further information on the camp in california . 
firstly , i would like to start my journey on the second week of july because i will have a 3 weeks holiday in july . i could not travel in june and may because i will have my standard grade exam during these two months . 
firstly , i would like to start my trip in the second week of july because i will have a 3-week holiday in july . i could not travel in june and may because i will have my standard grade exam during these two months . 
as for the accommodation i would like to stay in a log cabin because i hate sleeping in the tents . i stayed in a tent once when i had my duke of edinburgh walk . i felt really uncomfortable in the tent . secondly , i would like to have a chance to do singing and swimming while i am the camp . i am keen on singing and i have won sevral singing competitions at school . i have chosen swimming because it is my favourite sport . i enjoy doing it very much . i note that all accommodation and travel costs are paid for , but does it include my expenses in california ? lastly , i would like to know what the weather in california likes and which type of clothes i have to bring . 
as for the accommodation , i would like to stay in a log cabin because i hate sleeping in tents . i stayed in a tent once when i had my duke of edinburgh walk . i felt really uncomfortable in the tent . secondly , i would like to have a chance to do singing and swimming while i am at the camp . i am keen on singing and i have won several singing competitions at school . i have chosen swimming because it is my favourite sport . i enjoy doing it very much . i note that all accommodation and travel costs are paid , but does it include my expenses in california ? lastly , i would like to know what the weather in california is like and what type of clothes i have to bring . 
would it be possible for you to send me a map of california so i know where the camp site is situated ? i would be grateful if you could send me some information . i look forward to hearing from you . 
would it be possible for you to send me a map of california so i know where the campsite is situated ? i would be grateful if you could send me some information . i look forward to hearing from you . 
your sincerely
yours sincerely
annabel koh
annabel koh
dear kim , 
dear kim , 
hi ! how are you ? how are you getting on with your school work ? do you enjoy your schoollife ? as you know i had a wonderful experience in last month so i am writing to tell you . 
hi ! how are you ? how are you getting on with your school work ? do you enjoy your school life ? as you know , i had a wonderful experience last month so i am writing to tell you about it . 
i was chosen to help at a pop concert by chance in last month . at that time , i was so nervous because i did not know what to do . however , i was excited to meet lots of people and the pop star , kelly chen . when i first entred the concert hall , i was given a pass for working here . there were five other students , like me , who were waiting to help . we were sitting at the back of the concert hall and chatting with each other . i found that they were all kelly's fans . we were told that we were responsible for decorating the hall . there were lots of decorations and i had to put the decorations to the right place . it was a tiring work because i had to run from place to place for hanging the decorations . after i had finished my work , i saw kelly chen walking into the concert hall . she smiled at me and said thank you to me . i was very happy at that time and i thought it was the happiest moment that i ever had . at last , the concert was started . there were many people at the show and i was sitting on a good seat to watch the concert . 
i was chosen to help at a pop concert by chance last month . at that time , i was so nervous because i did not know what to do . however , i was excited to meet lots of people and the pop star , kelly chen . when i first entered the concert hall , i was given a pass for working here . there were five other students , like me , who were waiting to help . we were sitting at the back of the concert hall and chatting with each other . i found that they were all kelly's fans . we were told that we were responsible for decorating the hall . there were lots of decorations and i had to put the decorations in the right place . it was tiring work because i had to run from place to place to hang the decorations . after i had finished my work , i saw kelly chen walking into the concert hall . she smiled at me and said thank you to me . i was very happy at that time and i thought it was the happiest moment that i ever had . at last , the concert started . there were many people at the show and i was sitting in a good seat to watch the concert . 
i had a really good time in this experience because i could meet my favourite singer . could you tell me what your happiest moment is ? 
i had a really good time with this experience because i could meet my favourite singer . could you tell me what your happiest moment is ? 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
your faithfully 
yours sincerely 
13th june 2000
13th june 2000
dear mrs ryan
dear mrs ryan
regarding your letter dated on the 6th of june i'm so happy to receive the first price . thanks very much . 
regarding your letter dated the 6th of june i'm so happy to receive the first prize . thanks very much . 
i would like to travel in july to california . the reason is that we have long holidays at school on this time . although , the accommodation isn't so important for me . i would prefer the log cabin because of the comfort and the better bed . 
i would like to travel in july to california . the reason is that we have long holidays at school at that time . although the accommodation isn't so important for me , i would prefer the log cabin because of the comfort and the better bed . 
i have choosen the activities surfing and photography . i'm a beginner on both activities . 
i have chosen as my activities surfing and photography . i'm a beginner at both activities . 
i have some questions as follow :
i have the following questions :
1 . what kind of clothes are needed ? 
1 . what kind of clothes are needed ? 
2 . what i have to pay by myself ? 
2 . what do i have to pay myself ? 
3 . should i take some money with me ? 
3 . should i take some money with me ? 
4 . how is the wheather in california ? 
4 . how is the weather in california ? 
i'm looking forward to hearing from you . 
i'm looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerelly , 
yours sincerely , 
a . becker
a . becker
shopping is not always enjoyable
shopping is not always enjoyable
most of the time is shopping fun and enjoyable . 
most of the time shopping is fun and enjoyable . 
there are a lot of reasons that could be awful to go shopping . even if you run out of money or you have to buy a particular thing which is difficult to find . i had once this problem . i was looking for a special fruit . 
there are a lot of reasons why it can be awful to go shopping . even if you run out of money or you have to buy a particular thing which is difficult to find . i once had this problem . i was looking for a special fruit . 
the sales assistants in the stores aren't so nice and helpful . sometimes they give me a bad feeling as , , customer treat with order " . 
the sales assistants in the stores aren't so nice or helpful . sometimes they give me a bad feeling like , , customer treat with order " . 
last week i was shopping with my younger brother . awful . he wanted everything what his eyes saw . all the stuff for children are in the same level as they have their eyes . afterwards , i felt tired and unsatisfy the store . 
last week i was shopping with my younger brother . awful ! he wanted everything that his eyes saw . all the stuff for children is on the same level as their eyes . afterwards , i felt tired and unsatisfied with the store . 
the shops have bad opening times . 
the shops have bad opening times . 
when i feel me comfortable for shopping everything will be closed or you haven't enough time to look around . 
when i feel in the mood for shopping everything is closed or i haven't enough time to look around . 
my conclusion on these points are not so bad . i like shopping at all with my best friend . 
my conclusion on these points is not so bad . i like shopping only with my best friend . 
thank you for that information . i don't expected that i can win in your's competition . i like to travel only july becouse now i'm studying at national academy of defense and i don't have a time for enything else . when i will arrive . i would prefer accommodation in log cabins . i prefer that becouse i will travel with my wife and she always prefers that kind of accommodation . i tell you in sicryt that , i don't know whay she do that . you said that i will have the chance to do two activities , sou i choose swimming and sailing . i love all kind of water sports . in summer i always goes to seaside or some kind of lake to swim . i like to catch fisch too . i think that i'm good at swimming . when i was young i had been swimm in many competition . 
thank you for that information . i didn't expect that i could win your competition . i want to travel only in july because now i'm studying at national academy of defense and i don't have time for anything else . when i arrive , i would prefer accommodation in log cabins . i prefer that because i will travel with my wife and she always prefers that kind of accommodation . i tell you in secret that i don't know why she does that . you said that i will have the chance to do two activities , so i choose swimming and sailing . i love all kinds of water sports . in summer i always go to the seaside or some kind of lake to swim . i like to catch fish too . i think that i'm good at swimming . when i was young i had been swim swam in many competitions . 
my live record is 27 . 66 for fivety meters . i would like to ask you about weather at california's julay . what kind of clothes i should bring with me . are there any discoteks or something i would like to know if my wife can come with me , becouse withou't she i can't be there . 
my personal best is 27 . 66 for fifty meters . i would like to ask you about the weather in california in july . what kind of clothes should i bring with me ? are there any discotheques or something ? i would like to know if my wife can come with me , because without her i can't be there . 
daily life at my school
daily life at my school
i'm studying at national academy of defense . there is about two thousands students at my school . there are only men . everybody gets up at six , and first things they do it is run for about two thousends five houndred meters . then they take a schower and everybody goes for breakfast . usually i have eight lessons . two times a week i have w-f . this is very important , becouse every soldier schould be strong . 
i'm studying at national academy of defense . there are about two thousand students at my school . there are only men . everybody gets up at six , and the first thing they do is run for about two thousands thousand five hundred metres . then they take a shower and everybody goes for breakfast . usually i have eight lessons . two times a week i have w-f . this is very important , because every soldier should be strong . 
today there was the sport competition in basketball . my group of students won that competition for second time . i'm not playing basketball well , but my friends do . after this competition there was a mathematic , and two houers of biology . i don't like biology , sow i sleept on the desk in a class-room . i think that competitions should be filmed becouse my school is a kind of sport's school . on video there schould be howe we get's up . houe we run , houe we eat breakfast . then you should schow houe ouer school looks from outside . there schould be an intereview witch students and with profesons . daily life at my school that is not only school and teachers and mathematicas problems . there is a military problems too . we spends a lot of time outside the school during the military things . we must knou haue to use a gun , or have to drive a tank . that kind of thinks should be filmed somehow . 
today there was the sport competition in basketball . my group of students won that competition for the second time . i don't play basketball well , but my friends do . after this competition there was mathematics , and two hours of biology . i don't like biology , so i slept on the desk in a classroom . i think that competitions should be filmed because my school is a kind of sports school . on video there should be how we get up . how , how we run , how we eat breakfast . then you should show how our school looks from outside . there should be an interview with students and with professors . daily life at my school is not only school and teachers and mathematics problems . there are military problems too . we spend a lot of time outside the school during the military things . we must know how to use a gun , or how to drive a tank . that kind of things thing should be filmed somehow . 
dear mrs . ryan:
dear mrs . ryan:
thank you very much for your letter . i am so glad to know i won the first prize . 
thank you very much for your letter . i am so glad to know i won the first prize . 
regarding your questions , the following are my answers . 
regarding your questions , the following are my answers . 
the only time available for me to travel is july , any time during the month suits me . i need to insist in it , because i am not able to take holidays during the rest of the year . 
the only time available for me to travel is july . any time during the month suits me . i need to insist on it , because i am not able to take holidays during the rest of the year . 
i will love to be in a log cabin . they are more comfortable and really match with the enveiroment . 
i would love to stay in a log cabin . they are more comfortable and really match with the environment . 
it is not easy to chose from the list of activities , all of them look interesting . although this is a new experience , i would prefer climbing and photographe . the first one sounds like a great adventure , while the second will allow me to capture all the unforgettable views . 
it is not easy to choose from the list of activities . all of them look interesting . although this is a new experience , i would prefer climbing and photography . the first one sounds like a great adventure , while the second will allow me to capture all the unforgettable views . 
in addition , i would appreciate if you let me know what is the kind of clothing required for the camp; if i need some money there and for what; and finally if the prize is just for me or if i can go with somebody else . 
in addition , i would appreciate it if you let me know what is the kind of clothing required for the camp; whether i need some money there and for what; and finally whether the prize is just for me or if i can go with somebody else . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
dear kim:
dear kim:
finally i'm writing to let you know about the most exciting experience in my life . can you believe that i was helping in the last britney spears's concert ? 
finally i'm writing to let you know about the most exciting experience in my life . can you believe that i was helping at the last britney spears concert ? 
during the day i helped preparing her room , then she arrived , and i was there to continue helping . 
during the day i helped prepare her room , then she arrived , and i was there to continue helping . 
she was so kind with all of us , of course i asked her for an autograph . i hope to see you soon , i can't wait to show it . 
she was so kind to all of us . of course i asked her for an autograph . i hope to see you soon . i can't wait to show it to you . 
the concert was a big success , lot of excitment . everybody sang and danced , and i was there to see everything from the best position . 
the concert was a big success , a lot of excitement . everybody sang and danced , and i was there to see everything from the best position . 
each time , when she comes back to the room , she asked for something to drink , just a diet coke , because she's always looking after her weight . then she eat something small and she looks full of energy all night long . 
each time she came back to the room , she asked for something to drink , just a diet coke , because she's always looking after her figure . then she ate something small and she looked full of energy all night long . 
at the end , she took the time to say good by to all of the people helping her . i really think she's the best . 
at the end , she took the time to say good bye goodbye to all of the people helping her . i really think she's the best . 
but now , tell me about you . don't be lazy and write more often . 
but now , tell me about you . don't be lazy and write more often . 
dear mrs ryan , 
dear mrs ryan , 
i received your letter last week and i would like to thank you very much . i was really surprised and happy to hear that i won the first prize on your letter you ask me some questions about my wishes :
i received your letter last week and i would like to thank you very much . i was really surprised and happy to hear that i had won the first prize . in your letter you ask me some questions about my preferences :
first of all , i would prefer travelling during the month of july , because i have already booked a holiday with my cousins in august . 
first of all , i would prefer to travel during the month of july , because i have already booked a holiday with my cousins in august . 
secondly , i would prefer sleeping in a tent because i am very active person who loves the outdoor life . thirdly , i am keen on sailing and i have been lucky enough to practice this sport , moreover , i passed my licence last year in port camargue in france so it means that i can teach this sport . i also choose the golf i have never played this sport but i am sure i will enjoy it . would you be kind enough to tell if i need special clothes or equipment ? furthermore could you give me an idea about the pocket money i need ? 
secondly , i would prefer to sleep in a tent because i am a very active person who loves the outdoor life . thirdly , i am keen on sailing and i have been lucky enough to practise do this sport . moreover , i got my licence last year in port camargue in france so that means that i can teach this sport . i also choose golf . i have never tried this sport but i am sure i will enjoy it . would you be kind enough to tell me if i need any special clothes or equipment ? furthermore could you give me an idea about the pocket money i need ? 
please do not hesitate to contact me if you need more information about me . 
please do not hesitate to contact me if you need more information about me . 
looking forward to hearing from you soon . 
looking forward to hearing from you soon . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
brigitte bourgeois
brigitte bourgeois
from: brigitte bourgeois
from: brigitte bourgeois
to: mrs darley - teacher
to: mrs darley - teacher
subject: short video about daily life at our school . 
subject: short video about daily life at our school . 
the purpose of this report is to identify which lessons or other activities should be filmed . in order , to prepare this report i visited in many occasions the classrooms and talked to the students and teachers . 
the purpose of this report is to identify which lessons or other activities should be filmed . in order to prepare this report i visited on many occasions the classrooms the classrooms on many occasions and talked to the students and teachers . 
it seems to me that it will be a nice idea to show our library because according to the librarians , the library has a welcoming atmosphere and is also well-used , moreover the range of books and newspapers is very large and useful . the students mentionned that it would be very interessting to show the english course because some foreign students will probably join our college next year and it is the best way for them to discover our english course . 
it seems to me that it would be a nice idea to show our library because , according to the librarians , the library has a welcoming atmosphere and is also well used moreover , the range of books and newspapers is very broad and useful . the students mentioned that it would be very interesting to show the english lesson because some foreign students will probably join our college next year and it is the best way for them to find out about our english course . 
to sum up , i would suggest to film our library because it is a pleasant place that students really like and the english course which will help foreign students for their future choice . 
to sum up , i would suggest filming our library , because it is a pleasant place that students really like , and the english lesson , which will help foreign students in their future decisions . 
mrs helen ryan , 
mrs helen ryan , 
i have just received your letter where you stated that i won the first prize of the competition of which i need more information . 
i have just received your letter where you stated that i won the first prize in the competition , about which i need more information . 
to begin with , in your letter you asked me when i would like to travell . well , i would be only available in july , because at that time i would be in winter holidays . also , i prefer sleeping in a tent than in a long cabin because it is easier to clean . 
to begin with , in your letter you asked me when i would like to travel . well , i would only be available in july , because at that time i would be on my winter holidays . also , i prefer sleeping in a tent to sleeping in a log cabin because it is easier to clean . 
you mentioned the chance to choose two activities from you list . i would like to do tennis , because i used to play when i was at school and swiming because i like water sports and because i am good at it . could you also let me know what kind of clothes and how much money i would have to take . 
you mentioned the chance to choose two activities from your list . i would like to do tennis , because i used to play when i was at school , and swimming because i like water sports and because i am good at it . could you also let me know what kind of clothes and how much money i would have to take . 
thanking you in anticipation for your help , i look forward to hearin from you . 
thanking you in advance for your help , i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
ka . felipa munoz
ka . felipa munoz
to: the teacher
to: the teacher
from: ka . felipa munoz
from: ka . felipa munoz
subject: suggest lessons and activities to be film . 
subject: suggest lessons and activities to be filmed . 
introduction
introduction
the aim of this report is to suggest which lessons and other activities should be filmed to make a short video about daily life at school . 
the aim of this report is to suggest which lessons and other activities should be filmed to make a short video about daily life at school . 
history
history
it is very interesting lesson where you can learn about the past things that happened in your country . also you can compared the differents cultures of all the countries and sometimes there are planed visities to historical places . 
it is a very interesting lesson where you can learn about the things that happened in your country . also you can compare the different cultures of all the countries and sometimes there are planned visits to historical places . 
french
french
in this lesson you can learn how to speak , write and read this foreing language with teachears that are well prepeared . 
in this lesson you can learn how to speak , write and read this foreign language with teachers that are well prepared . 
gym
gym
there is a well equipated gym where students of all ages can practise any kind of sport in their free time . 
there is a well equipped well-equipped gym where students of all ages can practise any kind of sport in their free time . 
theater 
theatre 
this is an extra activity where you can take part in a play . you can sing , act or just help with the backstage . 
this is an extra-curricular activity where you can take part in a play . you can sing , act or just help backstage . 
conclusion
conclusion
to sum up , it is a big school where you have a lot of interesting lessons and some optionaly activities to do in your free time . 
to sum up , it is a big school where you have a lot of interesting lessons and some optional activities to do in your free time . 
dear madame helen ryan
dear madame helen ryan
competition organiser
competition organiser
i've just received your letter and i thank you very much indeed for that . i didn't expect to win the first prize in your competition , i am very happy . it was always my dream to spend two weeks at camp california in the u . s . a . now it's become a reality . 
i've just received your letter and i thank you very much indeed for that . i didn't expect to win the first prize in your competition . i am very happy . it has always been my dream to spend two weeks at camp california in the u . s . a . now it's become a reality . 
if i can choose the period , i would like to travel only in july because in other months i have a lot of thing to do . 
if i can choose the time , i would like to travel only in july because in other months i have a lot of things to do . 
as accommnodation at camp california , i would prefer to stay in log cabins because i think it is safier than in a tent . 
regarding accommodation at camp california , i would prefer to stay in a log cabin because i think it is safer than a tent . 
i've red that i will have a chance to do two extra activities while i will be at camp . 
i've read that i will have a chance to do two extra activities while i am at camp . 
i think it would be a good idea to practise my photography , because i'm not so good a photographer and i would like to learn swimming as i can't do it . taking part in these two activities would be very useful for me . 
i think it would be a good idea to practise my photographic technique , because i'm not so good a photographer and i would like to learn how to swim as i can't do it . taking part in these two activities would be very useful for me . 
there is another thing i would know , what kind of clothes have i bring with me ? and how much money can i take with me ? 
there is another thing i would like to know . what kind of clothes should i bring with me ? and how much money can i take with me ? 
i'm looking forward to hearing from you . your sincerely -
i'm looking forward to hearing from you . yours sincerely -
shopping is not always enjoyable . this is true . 
shopping is not always enjoyable . this is true . 
some days ago my class had a big discussion about shopping . 
a few days ago my class had a big discussion about shopping . 
in that occasion i hadn't the opportunity for giving my opinion about this task . 
on that occasion i hadn't the opportunity to give my opinion on this task . 
now , my english teacher has asked me to explane all what i think . 
now , my english teacher has asked me to explain what i think . 
in my opinion , nowdays , shopping is very easy and in the same time very hard . 
in my opinion , nowadays , shopping is very easy and at the same time very hard . 
it is very easy because there are a lot of things to buy , shops are plenty of every kinds of things . you can chose the price more suitable for you . choosing from a lot of things and choosing the prices too are very enjoyable for me . 
it is very easy because there are a lot of things to buy , shops are full of every kind of thing . you can choose the price most suitable for you . choosing from a lot of things and choosing the prices too are very enjoyable for me . 
shopping is not enjoyable when you have not enough money to buy what you want , or when you are not sure about what you would like to buy . 
shopping is not enjoyable when you have not enough money to buy what you want , or when you are not sure about what you would like to buy . 
i remember very well two people who thought very different about shopping . 
i remember very well two people who thought very differently about shopping . 
my grandmother thought that shopping was a terrible thing , she hadn't enough money to buy even the bread . 
my grandmother thought that shopping was a terrible thing . she hadn't even enough money to buy the bread . 
my mother , whereas was very keen on shopping everything . 
whereas , my mother was very keen on shopping for everything . 
dear mrs . ryan , 
dear mrs . ryan , 
i am writing to you in order to collect further information about my trip to camp california and to make some things a bit more clear for you . 
i am writing to you in order to get further information about my trip to camp california and to make some things a bit clearer for you . 
firstly , since i'll be very busy during the next three months due to my job's demands , i would like to travel in july . although the weather may not be friendly , it is the only time i have to see the beauty of the camp . 
firstly , since i'll be very busy during the next three months due to my job's demands , i would like to travel in july . although the weather may not be friendly , it is the only time i have to see the beauty of the camp . 
i'll choose to stay in tents , considering that i want to feel the country in a more raw way . and being a photographer during my spare time and a swimmer since i was a child , these will be the activities i'll like to do while at the camp - i think i am fairly good at doing both things ! 
i'll choose to stay in a tent , considering that i want to feel the country in a more raw way . and being a photographer during my spare time and a swimmer since i was a child , these will be the activities i'd like to do while at the camp - i think i am fairly good at doing both things ! 
i would also like to know some more details about what sort of clothes i will have to bring with me and about the amount of money which will be necessary for me to take . 
i would also like to know some more details about what sort of clothes i will have to bring with me and about the amount of money which it will be necessary for me to take . 
i'm looking forward to joining you in july and hoping for this trip to be an amazing experience . 
i'm looking forward to joining you in july and hoping that this trip is an amazing experience . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
pablo picasso
pablo picasso
shopping can be painful
shopping can be painful
as a child , i would be taken to the mall and be forced to go through all the shops and establishments just to please my mother , whose desire to buy , without any sort of control , all kinds of clothes and gadgets was something unbelievable . and due to these bizarre situations i went through as a little boy , everything related to shopping seems like a bitter liquid which i'm forced to drink . 
as a child , i would be taken to the mall and be forced to go through all the shops and establishments just to please my mother , whose desire to buy , without any sort of control , all kinds of clothes and gadgets was something unbelievable . and due to these bizarre experiences i went through as a little boy , everything related to shopping seems like a bitter liquid which i'm forced to drink . 
it is difficult to see any enjoyment in shopping: facing the crowd , having to withstand the rude clerks and shop managers , trying desperately to choose the right thing - these burdens form the dark side of shopping . certainly , buying things can be a pleasant activity , especially if you are acquiring the goods for yourself . but situations in which you do not need to move carefully in order to avoid stepping on someone's feet are quite rare and , when they do happen , time passes by very fast . however , if you are another fool standing amidst the crowd , waiting for the queue to move , time slowly melts . 
it is difficult to see any enjoyment in shopping: facing the crowd , having to withstand the rude clerks and shop managers , trying desperately to choose the right thing - these burdens form the dark side of shopping . certainly , buying things can be a pleasant activity , especially if you are acquiring the goods for yourself . but situations in which you do not need to move carefully in order to avoid stepping on someone's feet are quite rare and , when they do happen , time passes by very fast . however , if you are another fool standing amidst the crowd , waiting for the queue to move , time slowly melts . 
believe me , shopping can also be painful . your feet will turn into pancakes after a long day out in the streets and your muscles can get seriously injured after carrying all those bags which contain loads of objects . amazingly , doctors tell people to look after their bodies during christmas time: shopping can cause you a large variety of undesireble pains . 
believe me , shopping can also be painful . your feet will turn into pancakes after a long day out in the streets and your muscles can get seriously injured after carrying all those bags which contain loads of objects . amazingly , doctors tell people to look after their bodies during christmas time: shopping can cause you a large variety of undesirable pains . 
nonetheless , people still find some obscure pleasure in putting their mental health at stake . they keep claiming that there's no such thing as shopping . in spite of our decadence , some cheap souls still have the courage to say that , by shopping , they're filling their empty spaces . 
nonetheless , people still find some obscure pleasure in putting their mental health at risk . they keep claiming that there's nothing better than shopping . in spite of our decadence , some cheap souls still have the courage to say that , by shopping , they're filling their empty spaces . 
dear helen ryan
dear helen ryan
i am writing to answer the questions you asked me in the last letter you sent me . 
i am writing to answer the questions you asked me in the last letter you sent me . 
firstly , i can only travel on july because that's when i have vacations from school . secondly , i prefer to stay in a tent . i have stayed in tents a few times and i have not had any problems . about the activities that i can do at the camp , i chose to practise basketball , which is my favourite sport , because i want to do some excersise while i am on vacation . i also chose fotography because it is one of my hobbies . i am very good at both activities because i have practised them all my life . 
firstly , i can only travel in july because that's when i have vacations from school . secondly , i prefer to stay in a tent . i have stayed in a tent a few times and i have not had any problems . about the activities that i can do at the camp , i chose to play basketball , which is my favourite sport , because i want to do some exercise while i am on vacation . i also chose photography because it is one of my hobbies . i am very good at both activities because i have done them all my life . 
i would like to ask you a couple of things about the prize i have won . firstly , what kind of clothes i have to take to the camp , clothes for hot or cold weather ? . i also wanted to know if i have to take some money to buy souvenirs and food or that will be paid for me , too ? 
i would like to ask you a couple of things about the prize i have won . firstly , what kind of clothes do i have to take to the camp , clothes for hot or cold weather ? i also wanted to know if i have to take some money to buy souvenirs and food or will that be paid for , too ? 
those are all my questions . i am looking forward receiving your reply . please write me soon . 
those are all my questions . i am looking forward to receiving your reply . please write to me soon . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
eleonora jimenez . 
eleonora jimenez . 
dear kim
dear kim
i am writing to tell you about my experience at a pop concert last month . 
i am writing to tell you about my experience at a pop concert last month . 
as you know , i am a member of a bsb fan club , and last month we had the opportunity to help at a concert they gave in the city where i live . firstly , i helped selling the tickets . that wasn't difficult because everybody wanted to go . the day of the concert we helped to clean the place where the concert was performed and to have everything in order so the concert could be a succes , which it was . 
as you know , i am a member of a bsb fan club , and last month we had the opportunity to help at a concert they gave in the city where i live . first , i helped sell the tickets . that wasn't difficult because everybody wanted to go . the day of the concert we helped to clean the place where the concert was performed and to get everything in order so the concert could be a success , which it was . 
what i particularly liked about this experience was meeting my favourite pop group and talk with them about their lifes as a pop group . i also enjoyed being able to work as a team with both all the members of the club and the bsb . it was one of the best experiences i have had in all my life
what i particularly liked about this experience was meeting my favourite pop group and talking with them about their lives as members of a pop group . i also enjoyed being able to work as part of a team with both all the members of the club and the bsb . it was one of the best experiences i have had in all my life
i am looking forward hearing from you . please write me soon or call me . my new phone number is ( 958 ) 1217653
i am looking forward to hearing from you . please write to me soon or call me . my new phone number is ( 958 ) 1217653
yours
yours
eleonora jimenez
eleonora jimenez
dear ms ryan helen , 
dear ms ryan helen , 
thank you for the information , i am glad i've won first prize ! 
thank you for the information . i am glad i've won first prize ! 
i would like to go in july for it's the only month i can choose . in july i'll be on my vacation . as for accomodation i prefer to live in tents . in my opinion it's the best way of joining nature and fully enjoying it . i'd be glad to choose painting and singing . and i'm good at both because i used to attend to a painting studio when i was at school . i also used to join the school choir and was one of the best sopranos . so i'd be happy to do the activities on two reasons . first i am good enough at both of them . secondly i truly love painting and singing . 
i would like to go in july because it's the only month i can choose . in july i'll be on my vacation . as for accommodation i would prefer to stay in tents . in my opinion it's the best way of joining nature and fully enjoying it . i'd be glad to choose painting and singing . and i'm good at both because i used to go to a painting studio when i was at school . i also used to be in the school choir and was one of the best sopranos . so i'd be happy to do the activities for two reasons . first i am good enough at both of them . secondly i truly love painting and singing . 
i would like to know what the weather is like in california in july to be aware of what clothes i should take . another thing i am interested in is general information of prices in the usa . 
i would like to know what the weather is like in california in july to know what clothes i should take . another thing i am interested in is general information on prices in the usa . 
i would greatly appreciate your soonest answer . 
i would greatly appreciate your prompt answer . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
e . sidorov . 
e . sidorov . 
i enjoy shopping like any woman . it is amazing and sometimes amuzing how charming and strong the spell of luxurious supermarkets and cosy little shops is . and still even this strong spell can be easily shattered . who can prevent me from having a good , probably not for my purse , time in the magic world of shopping ? the assistant of evil power which frustrates the long-looked-forward-to spell is a shop assistant . or i would rather say he or she might be or might happen to be such . it's all very nice to be met by a helpful assistant with a radiant smile , ready to help you . but sometimes i really get annoyed at his or her , persistent in nature and polite in structure , questions or suggestions . to say nothing about his or her giving advice ! i always make my own decisions ! like any human being i am not delighted to feel guilty , especially when i am not . but i do feel ill at ease when i see dissappointed or angry assistants' faces on leaving the magic world without any remembrances of it ! 
i enjoy shopping like any woman . it is amazing and sometimes amusing how charming and strong the spell of luxurious supermarkets and cosy little shops is . and still even this strong spell can be easily shattered . who can prevent me from having a good , though probably not for my purse , time in the magic world of shopping ? the assistant of evil power which frustrates the long-looked-forward-to spell is a shop assistant . or i would rather say he or she might happen to be such . it's all very nice to be met by a helpful assistant with a radiant smile , ready to help you . but sometimes i really get annoyed at his or her , persistent in nature and polite in structure , questions or suggestions . to say nothing about his or her giving advice ! i always make my own decisions ! like any human being i am not delighted to feel guilty , especially when i am not . but i do feel ill at ease when i see disappointed or angry assistants' faces on leaving the magic world without any souvenirs of it ! 
dear helen ryan
dear helen ryan
i've just received your letter saying that i have won the first prize in your competition 2 weeks at camp california in the usa . i am very glad to hear that and would like to tell you all the informations you need to know from me . 
i've just received your letter saying that i have won the first prize in your competition : 2 weeks at camp california in the usa . i am very glad to hear that and would like to tell you all the information you need to know from me . 
i would be able to travel only in july because it is my summer holiday and i assumed that it will be long enough time to fit the trip in . also i cannot go on other holidays because for easter holiday i need to attend tennis competition in the name of my school and we need time to practise . in christmas holiday i would like to go back home and be with my family . also we are going to a ferry trip with my relatives . that are the reasons why i cannot go on your trip at any other times . i do appologize about that . 
i will be able to travel only in july because it is my summer holiday and i assumed that it will be enough time to fit the trip in . also i cannot go during other holidays because for the easter holiday i need to take part in a tennis competition in the name of my school and we need time to practise . in the christmas holiday i would like to go back home and be with my family . also we are going on a ferry trip with my relatives . those are the reasons why i cannot go on your trip at any other time . i do apologize about that . 
i would like to choose these 2 activities , they are tennis and climbing . as i say before that i have to attend tennis competition so i think i am quite good at it . i started playing tennis when i was 9 , now i am 18 years old . i was in the tennis county player i was 12 . i attended 15 competitions already . i have lost 5 games and won 10 games . my dad influences me to play tennis and enjoy it . for climbing , i started to be interested in it since it was 14 . my family live near the sea so we have got quite a lot of chance to go climbing . i'm not scared of height and i think it's challenging . my sister loves nature and climbing so she is the one who influences me . 
i would like to choose these 2 activities , they are tennis and climbing . as i said before , i have to take part in a tennis competition , so i think i am quite good at it . i started playing tennis when i was 9 . now i am 18 years old . i was in the tennis county player when i was 12 . i took part in have taken part in 15 competitions already . i have lost 5 games and won 10 games . my dad encourages me to play tennis and i enjoy it . regarding climbing , i started to be interested in it when i was 14 . my family live near the sea so we get quite a lot of chances to go climbing . i'm not scared of heights and i think it's challenging . my sister loves nature and climbing so she is the one who influences me . 
i would like to ask you a few questions . how hot is it in california in july ? so i know what kind of clothes i need . do i need a lot of money , will we have time for shopping . what kind of food do we eat ? this is because i cannot eat pork . if there is any unconvenience , please feel free to tell me . thank you very much . 
i would like to ask you a few questions . how hot is it in california in july ? so i know what kind of clothes i need . do i need a lot of money ? will we have time for shopping ? what kind of food do we eat ? this is because i cannot eat pork . if this is an inconvenience , please feel free to tell me . thank you very much . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
dear kim
dear kim
how are you ? i am sorry that i didn't write any letter to your during last month . i really wish you were with me last month . quess what i've done ! i've been helping at a pop concert that happened at my school . that's why i have no time and wanted you to be there with me . i will tell you all about it ! 
how are you ? i am sorry that i didn't write any letters to you during the last month . i really wish you had been with me last month . guess what i've done ! i've been helping at a pop concert that was put on at my school . that's why i have had no time and wanted you to be there with me . i will tell you all about it ! 
as you know i took art for my gcse and fortunately i like it and get quite good marks for my project , about light and sound . so my art teacher came to me and my best friend , who is really good at art too , and asked whether i can be able and willing to help for the concert in two weeks time in the concert hall . i immediately say " yes " and also my friend . i really think it sounds so interesting . i have never done light and sound for the real pop concert before and i think it will be a good experience for me . actually i've just done light and sound in drama's day in my school at the end of last term . but this time it'll be different , i thought . do you know that this concert will be on television . 
as you know i took art for my gcse and fortunately i liked it and got quite good marks for my project about light and sound . so my art teacher came to me and my best friend , who is really good at art too , and asked whether we could would be able and willing to help with the concert in two weeks' time in the concert hall . i immediately said " yes " and so did my friend . i really thought it sounded so interesting . i had never done light and sound for a real pop concert before and i thought it would be a good experience for me . actually i'd just done light and sound for a drama day at my school at the end of last term . but this time it'd be different , i thought . do you know that this concert will be on television ? 
the preperation days came . the first day we started to work for this concert , the real professionals came . their jobs are preparing concert . i had a chance to talk to them about their jobs and it was amuzing ! it sounded very interesting to me . then we started to talk about what we have to do for this concert . i have learnt lots of things about preparing stage , light , sound , background . i felt like i'm one of those professional too because they always called me and my friend to help them and that made me learn lots of thing from doing the practical work . all of them were very nice and friendly . another exciting part was , i had to climb to put the lights up . can you imagine the real concert , and how high the lights always like ? it was good fun though ! , but my friend didn't like doing that at all . she didn't seem to enjoyed it as much as i do . 
the preparation days came . on the first day we started to work for this concert , the real professionals came . their job is was to prepare for the concert . i had a chance to talk to them about their jobs and it was amazing ! it sounded very interesting to me . then we started to talk about what we had to do for this concert . i have learnt lots of things about preparing a stage , lights , sound and background . i felt like i was one of those professionals too because they always called me and my friend to help them and that made me learn lots of things from doing the practical work . all of them were very nice and friendly . another exciting part was i had to climb to put the lights up . can you imagine the real concert , and how high the lights always are ? it was good fun though ! but my friend didn't like doing that at all . she didn't seem to enjoy it as much as i did . 
at the end of the day , my ambition is to be like one of the professionals . i really do hope i can be like them . my teacher was very proud of me because after the concert , all the staff were saying how helpful i was and so on . do you know , my ambition make me to try to work very hard and this term i get a for my art and design . it encouraged me so much and i think i can be good at it , if i keep on working hard . i think the concert has changed me so much , now i have my aim about what i should do in my life . i feel like i have to work harder . 
at the end of the day , my ambition is to be like one of those professionals . i really do hope i can be like them . my teacher was very proud of me because after the concert , all the staff were saying how helpful i was and so on . do you know , my ambition makes me try to work very hard and this term i got a for my art and design . it encouraged me so much and i think i can be good at it if i keep on working hard . i think the concert has changed me so much . now i have my aim for what i should do in my life . i feel like i have to work harder . 
i hope you will feel like me one day . i will write to you again soon and tell you how i getting on . 
i hope you will feel like me one day . i will write to you again soon and tell you how i am getting on . 
lots of love
lots of love
13th june 2000
13th june 2000
dear ms ryan
dear ms ryan
thank you very much for your letter which i have received it this morning . 
thank you very much for your letter which i have received this morning . 
i am so pleased that i have won the first prize in your competition . 
i am so pleased that i have won the first prize in your competition . 
firstly , i would like to go to camp california in the u . s . a in july because i still have got an examination in my college until june , 20th . so if it's possible could you arrenge it for me please . and also , i would prefer the log cabins to the tents otherwise i have never slept in the sleepin bag before . i imagine i could'n sleep at all . 
firstly , i would like to go to camp california in the u . s . a in july because i still have got an examination in my college until june , 20th . so if it's possible could you arrange it for me please . and also , i would prefer the log cabins to the tents , as i have never slept in a sleeping bag before . i imagine i couldn't sleep at all . 
secondly , i would like to play basketball and tennis at the camp . they are my two choices of activities . because i used to play tennis and basketball for ages . 
secondly , i would like to play basketball and tennis at the camp . they are my two choices of activities , because i used to play tennis and basketball for ages . 
finally , could you give me your suggestion about money and clothes . what kind of clothes are suitable to take with me and could i have any benefit from you for my trip or not . could you please send me more information about this . 
finally , could you give me your suggestion about money and clothes . what kinds of clothes are suitable to take with me and could i have any benefit from you for my trip or not . could you please send me more information about this . 
i am looking forward to receiving your reply soon . 
i am looking forward to receiving your reply soon . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
yumi nakamura
yumi nakamura
13th june 2000
13th june 2000
dear kim
dear kim
hi ! how are you ? thank you for your kind letter and i am glad to hearing about your news . 
hi ! how are you ? thank you for your kind letter and i am glad to hear about your news . 
kim , i would like to tell you my wonderful experience last month ! on 5th of may which was national holiday in japan , i had a part-time work at a pop concert in the tokyo dome . 
kim , i would like to tell you my wonderful experience last month ! on 5th of may , which was a national holiday in japan , i had a part-time job at a pop concert in the tokyo dome . 
the pop singer called hikaru utada , she is only seventeen years old but she is the most popular singer now in japan . the concert was start 7 . 00 p . m . at that time i was in the second floor where i had to work is . i did a part of gard job . i stood up in front of audiences and i had given an attention to them . i couldn't see 'hikaru' but i still could hear her songs . i thought if you were here i could really enjoy with you . 
the pop singer was called hikaru utada , she is only seventeen years old but she is the most popular singer now in japan . the concert started at 7 . 00 p . m . at that time i was on the second floor where i had to work . i did a part of gard job . i stood up in front of the audience and i had given an attention to them . i couldn't see 'hikaru' but i still could hear her songs . i thought if you were here i could really enjoy it with you . 
all of her funs were stooud up the whole concert and dancing . i was so exciting night . 
all of her fans were stood up the whole concert and dancing . i was so exciting night . 
some of funs were not good at all because they shouted and argued , but most of people were very good . i had enjoyed so much with my wonderful experience . 
some of the fans were not good at all because they shouted and argued , but most of the people were very good . i had enjoyed so much my wonderful experience my wonderful experience so much . 
i am looking
i am looking
please give my regards to your family
please give my regards to your family
love
love
13 june 2000
13 june 2000
dear mrs ryan:
dear mrs ryan:
i am very glad i won the competition to go to camp california . 
i am very glad i won the competition to go to camp california . 
i must say though , i would have to travel on july because it's the summer holydays for schools and i would like to spend some of them in california and visit a few friend if it is possible . 
i must say though , i would have to travel in july because it's the summer holidays for schools and i would like to spend some of them in california and visit a few friends if that is possible . 
log cabines will be ideal accomodation , presumably they are more spacious than tent and it would be easier to keep tidy . it's always nice to have a warm , clean place to go to after sailing which is one of the activities i would like to do . and i'm quite good at . climbing would be my second option , for this i'm afraid i would need some instruction for i've only done it a few times . 
log cabins a log cabins a log cabin would be the ideal accommodation . presumably they are more spacious than tents and it would be easier to keep tidy . it's always nice to have a warm , clean place to go to after sailing , which is one of the activities i would like to do . and i'm quite good at it . climbing would be my second option , but for this i'm afraid i would need some instruction because i've only done it a few times . 
i would like to know how much money do people ussually take and how many clothes . 
i would like to know how much money people usually take and how much clothing . 
sincerely yours
sincerely yours
13 july
13 july
dear kim:
dear kim:
well , you want to know what i did in the concert ? help . . 
well , you want to know what i did at the concert ? help . . 
i know it sound extremely boring and that is exactly what i thought when i was asked to help , but to my suprise it turned out to be much more fun that expected . 
i know it sounds extremely boring and that is exactly what i thought when i was asked to help , but to my surprise it turned out to be much more fun than expected . 
about 20 people were helping apart from me , we had some kind of rotation system so that all the volunteers could also enjoy some of the concert . 
about 20 people were helping apart from me . we had a kind of rotation system so that all the volunteers could also enjoy some of the concert . 
of course there was the cooking and bar-tending for anyone who was hungry during the brakes . the hard work , though , started when everyone left at the end of the concert . it was in fact more fun than the concert itself; believe it or not , all the popstars came to help us clean up and we all had a food fight with the left-overs ! 
of course there was the cooking and bar-tending for anyone who was hungry during the breaks . the hard work , though , started when everyone left at the end of the concert . it was in fact more fun than the concert itself; believe it or not , all the pop stars came to help us clean up and we all had a food fight with the leftovers ! 
it was so fun , that i enjoyed it a lot . if you ever know of a concert that needs volunteers tell me , i'm in ! ! ! 
it was so fun , and i enjoyed it a lot . if you ever know of a concert that needs volunteers tell me , i'm in ! ! ! 
write back soon
write back soon
dear mrs ryan , 
dear mrs ryan , 
i am writing to provide you with the information you require . 
i am writing to provide you with the information you require . 
first of all , i want to inform you that i would like to travel only in july , because in california at that time of the year is very hot and i prefer going on summer to going on winter or during other season , because i can do lots of activities that in winter would be impossible to do . 
first of all , i want to inform you that i would like to travel only in july , because in california at that time of the year it is very hot and i prefer going in summer to going in winter or during it other season , because i can do lots of activities that in winter it would be impossible to do . 
secondly , i would rather be accomodationed in log cabins than go in tens . in my opinion staying in log cabins is funnier and much cleaner . 
secondly , i would rather be accommodated stay in a log cabin than stay in a tent . in my opinion staying in log cabins is more fun and much cleaner . 
thirsthly , i would prefer to swimming and playing tennis , because i have been practising them since i was i child , and i think i very good in each other . 
thirdly , i would prefer to swim and play tennis , because i have been doing this since i was i child , and i think i am very good at each activity . 
finally , i would like to ask you if i have to take some money , or everything is provided for the organisers . furthermore , i would be grateful if you could tell me what type of clothes i have to take . 
finally , i would like to ask you if i have to take some money , or if everything is provided by the organisers . furthermore , i would be grateful if you could tell me what type of clothes i have to take . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
dear kim , 
dear kim , 
sorry for not writing you before , but i have been so busy , because last weak i went to a pop concert to help the singers . 
sorry for not writing to you before , but i have been so busy , because last week i went to a pop concert to help the singers . 
first , when i arrived they told me to go to a big room , where the singers try on their clothes and they are made-up . there , in the room i had to helped them , i mean the singers , to put on theirs clothes , and i had to make-up them . a few minutes later the show started and the grup appeared on the stage . while they were singing a man told me to clean the room , where the singers get dressed . later , when the show had finished , i stayed with the grup in their room for a few minutes . then , they went to the airport , and my dream finished . 
first , when i arrived they told me to go to a big room , where the singers try on their clothes and they have their make-up put on . there , in the room i had to help them , i mean the singers , to put on their clothes , and i had to put make-up on them . a few minutes later the show started and the group appeared on the stage . while they were singing a man told me to clean the room where the singers get dressed . later , when the show had finished , i stayed with the group in their room for a few minutes . then , they went to the airport , and my dream finished . 
what i really liked doing was to helped them with their clothes and to make-up them , because i learnt how to make-up a person and i spend a few minutes with the most popular grup of the world . 
what i really liked doing was helping them with their clothes and make-up , because i learnt how to do make-up for someone and i spent a few minutes with the most popular group in the world . 
write me soon . 
write to me soon . 
love , 
love , 
dear mrs . ryan , 
dear mrs . ryan , 
i am writing this letter , concerning the information you have asked me to give you . 
i am writing this letter concerning the information you have asked me to give you . 
first of all , i would like to thank you , for giving me the chance to visit camp california . 
first of all , i would like to thank you for giving me the chance to visit camp california . 
as far as i am concerned , my exams at school will have finished up to the middle of june . to be honest , i would like to spend some days with my family , before i go to california . therefore , it would be better to go there in july . july should be the hotest month ! the best season for holidays . 
as far as i am concerned , my exams at school will have finished by the middle of june . to be honest , i would like to spend a few days with my family , before i go to california . therefore , it would be better to go there in july . july should be the hottest month ! the best season for holidays . 
about the accomodation , i would be pleased to stay in a tent , because this reminds me the holidays with my family . 
regarding the accommodation , i would be pleased to stay in a tent , because this reminds me of my holidays with my family . 
according on the table with the activities , i will choose singing and swimming because i am a very good swimmer and very fanatic singer from very young . i joined my choir , when i was eight years old and i have sung solo in two concerts . 
according to concerning the table of activities , i choose singing and swimming because i am a very good swimmer and have been a very keen singer from a very young age . i joined my choir when i was eight years old and i have sung solo in two concerts . 
i would be grateful to tell me how much money i will need with me . 
i would be grateful if you would tell me how much money i will need with me . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours faithfully , 
yours sincerely , 
dear kim , 
dear kim , 
i am really impressed from your interest about my experience from the concert . i thought that you didn't like pop music and things have to deal with that . 
i am really impressed with your interest in my experience at the concert . i thought that you didn't like pop music and things have to deal with that . 
anyway , i've enjoyed it very much ! it was the best experience i've ever had in my whole life . i was trying to be with the singers all the time . it was fantastic . i wanted to touch them , as the only way to convince myself that i was with them . 
anyway , i enjoyed it very much ! it was the best experience i've ever had in my whole life . i was trying to be with the singers all the time . it was fantastic . i wanted to touch them , as the only way to convince myself that i was with them . 
i didn't really have to do anything special . i should just take care of them , serving some drinks and food during the rehearshals . 
i didn't really have to do anything special . i just had to take care of them , serving some drinks and food during the rehearsals . 
that's the advantage of being a volunteer . you get good experiences which you'll never forget ! 
that's the advantage of being a volunteer . you have good experiences which you'll never forget ! 
you have to try once in your life and if you don't like , don't do it again . 
you have to try it once in your life and if you don't like it , don't do it again . 
regards , 
regards , 
dear helen ryan , 
dear helen ryan , 
i'm really happy to know that i won in your competition . and first of all , before to ask for informations about the travel , i want to tell you thanks a lot . 
i'm really happy to know that i won your competition . and first of all , before i ask for information about the trip , i want to say thanks a lot . 
i would like to travel in july because is the best period to take a break from my work . 
i would like to travel in july because it is the best time to take a break from my work . 
for the accomodation , if is possible i would like to stay in camping because i think is a relaxing place where to stay . further because i like to live in contact with the nature . also is possible to meet a lot of people , and chatting during the night , might around the fire , playing a clutone and singing i think is a nice way to have fun . 
regarding the accommodation , if possible i would like to stay in a tent because i think it is a relaxing place to stay . furthermore because i like to live in contact with nature . also it is possible to meet a lot of people , and to chat during the night , perhaps around the fire , playing a clutone and singing . i think it is a nice way to have fun . 
i'm really happy to know that is possible to play sports . i would like to play tennis , and swimming . i choose tennis because is a sport that you can play with others people , also because i like the competition in the sport . the other sport that i would like to do is swimming . swimming is my favourite sport because you can relax your body and your mind . 
i'm really happy to know that it is possible to play sports . i would like to play tennis and go swimming . i choose tennis because it is a sport that you can play with other people , also because i like competitive sports . the other sport that i would like to do is swimming . swimming is my favourite sport because you can relax your body and your mind . 
i would like to ask you for further informations about this travel . 
i would like to ask you for further information about this trip . 
first of all which kind of clothes i have to bring with me ? how much money i need to do this travel ? 
first of all , what kind of clothes do i have to bring with me ? how much money do i need for this trip ? 
also , if is possible i want to know if there is the possibility to organise a trip around the most important cities near the camp ? and if during the nights there are entrotenements ? 
also , if possible i want to know if there is any possibility of organising a trip around the most important cities near the camp ? and if during the nights there are any entertainments ? 
thanks for all these informations , i'm looking forward to hearing you again . 
thanks for all the information . i'm looking forward to hearing from you again . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
after the discussion that we had in the english class , i understood that a lot of people sometimes don't enjoy during the shopping . 
after the discussion that we had in the english class , i understood that a lot of people sometimes don't enjoy shopping . 
i can't understand these people because this situation never happen to me . by the way usually the people that don't like shopping are men or children . i think is difficult to find a woman that doesn't like shopping . but i have to admit that sometimes i don't really like shopping above all when i'm tired or when i'm not in the right mood . in fact if i'm not in the right mood i become nervous because i can't find anything . 
i can't understand these people because this never happens to me . by the way , usually the people who don't like shopping are men or children . i think it is difficult to find a woman who doesn't like shopping . but i have to admit that sometimes i don't really like shopping , above all when i'm tired or when i'm not in the right mood . in fact if i'm not in the right mood i become irritable because i can't find anything . 
for me , the best moments for the shopping are two opposite situations . 
for me , the best moments for the shopping are two opposite situations . 
for the first situation happen to me , when i'm hungry with somebody really close to me like my boyfriend or a component of my family , so for relaxing my mind i go to shopping and usually i enjoy a lot . 
for the first situation happen to me , when i'm angry with somebody really close to me like my boyfriend or a member of my family , so to relax i go shopping and usually i enjoy it a lot . 
the opposite situation is when i pass my exams and i really need to buy something for me as a preseant for myself . 
the opposite situation is when i pass my exams and i really need to buy something as a present for myself . 
dear madam:
dear madam:
how delighted i was when i receved your letter ! 
how delighted i was when i received your letter ! 
about the information required , i would like to go in july because is my half term at university and summer time would be ideal . 
about the information required , i would like to go in july because it is my half term at university and summertime would be ideal . 
for accommodation i would rather go in a tent , i want to enjoy wild life and admire the landscape . 
regarding accommodation , i would rather stay in a tent . i want to enjoy the wildlife and admire the landscape . 
in relation with leisure activities , my favourites are basketball , which i have been playing for two years because i have been selected for my university team and i think a time practising with players from different countries will help me develop my skills at international level . 
as regards leisure activities , my favourite is basketball , which i have been playing for two years , because i have been selected for my university team and i think some time practising with players from different countries will help me develop my skills at an international level . 
secondly , i would like to practise tennis , which is my hobby and i think it helps my mind to keep working . 
secondly , i would like to play tennis , which is my hobby and i think it helps my mind to keep working . 
i would like to ask you how much money do i need , how is the weather in order to pack the necessary clothe and wheter i need something else . 
i would like to ask you how much money i need , how the weather is , in order to pack the necessary clothing , and whether i need anything else . 
yours sincerely . 
yours sincerely . 
dear kim:
dear kim:
what a fantastic experience i had helping my favourite group ! 
what a fantastic experience i had helping my favourite group ! 
you wouldn't believe it ! i was working helping to mantle and dismantle the stage , sometimes i had to check the sound by saying something on the microphone , that was my chance and i always pretended to be a singer and that i sand in duo with the vocalist of the group , it was such a great fun ! 
you wouldn't believe it ! i was working helping to build and dismantle the stage . sometimes i had to check the sound by saying something into the microphone . that was my chance and i always pretended to be a singer and that i sang in a duet with the vocalist of the group . it was such great fun ! 
but the most exciting part of my job , and the one that i was looking forward to , was the last night of concert , because all the staff were promised to have a party with all the members of the band . that night was the best of my entire life . 
but the most exciting part of my job , and the one that i was looking forward to , was the last night of the concert , because all the staff were promised a party with all the members of the band . that night was the best of my entire life . 
i send you some pictures , the best ones because there were some quite embarrasing . 
i am sending you some pictures , the best ones only because there were some quite embarrassing ones . 
i hope you like them and i am already waiting for your next letter . 
i hope you like them and i am already waiting for your next letter . 
yours faithfully
yours faithfully
dear mrs ryan , 
dear mrs ryan , 
thank you very much for your letter informing me that i have won the competition and that i have got a prize for a two week holiday at camp california in the usa . 
thank you very much for your letter informing me that i have won the competition and that i have got the prize of a two week holiday at camp california in the usa . 
due to my business , i am very busy and that it is the best moment for my business so , i can't manage my time to go on holiday but i'd be able to travel at anytime in july . i would prefer to stay in a tent as i feel that it would be more exciting than staying in a log cabin . as you offered me two activities , i would like to go on swimming . i am not a good swimmer yet but soon i will be . i have been learning swimming for the last eight months and i really enjoyed it . another sport i experience is basketball which i used to play for a school's team when i studied at secondary school . i have not been practising it at all recently but only wish i had . this trip will certainly be a good opportunity for me to start playing it again . 
because of my business , i am very busy and this is the best time for my business so i can't organise any time to go on holiday , but i'd be able to travel at anytime in july . i would prefer to stay in a tent as i feel that it would be more exciting than staying in a log cabin . as you offered me two activities , i would like to go swimming . i am not a good swimmer yet but soon i will be . i have been learning to swim for the last eight months and i have been really enjoying it . another sport i play have played is basketball , which i used to play for the school's team when i was at secondary school . i have not been playing it at all recently but only wish i had . this trip will certainly be a good opportunity for me to start playing it again . 
i wonder if you could answer me some questions ? have you had any recommendations what type of cloths should i take with me ? do you suggest me to take cash or can i used my credit card ? will there be any tour-guide during the trip ? 
i wonder if you could answer some questions for me . have you any recommendations regarding what type of clothes i should take with me ? do you suggest i take cash , or can i use my credit card ? will there be a tour guide during the trip ? 
i thank you again for your assistance and am looking forwards to hearing from you soon . 
i thank you again for your assistance and am looking forwards to hearing from you soon . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
prasert charoenkul
prasert charoenkul
dear kim , 
dear kim , 
it has been quite a long time since i last written to you . i hope you are well . i have something really exciting to share with you . 
it has been quite a long time since i last wrote to you . i hope you are well . i have something really exciting to share with you . 
there was a concert of michael jackson in my city last month . it was a charity concert which was organised by a university i am studying . my classmates and i , we were asked to do decorating the stage , cleaning the concert's area . but guess kim , what was the most exciting for us was , we were asked to be the singer's interviewer . it wasn't a spokeperson kim but just asked him a couple of questions behind the stage . i was so nervous that i couldn't remember what to say . if you imagined yourself talking to the most famous pop singer such as him how would you feel ? but what i really enjoyed on that evening was when we took a photographs with him after his concert and he signed it for us on the back side of each picture . 
there was a michael jackson concert in my city last month . it was a charity concert , which was organised by the university where i am studying . my classmates and i , we were asked to decorate the stage , and clean the concert area . but guess , kim , what the most exciting thing for us was . we were asked to be the singer's interviewer . it wasn't a spokesperson kim but just asked him a couple of questions behind the stage . i was so nervous that i couldn't remember what to say . if you imagine yourself talking to a famous pop singer such as him , how do you think you would feel ? but what i really enjoyed that evening was when we took our photographs had our photographs taken with him after his concert and he signed them for us on the backside back of each picture . 
we had a wonderful evening . his concert was absolutely brilliant . everyone was screaming , shouting and dancing while he was singing . i wish you were here with us . 
we had a wonderful evening . his concert was absolutely brilliant . everyone was screaming , shouting and dancing while he was singing . i wish you had been there with us . 
are there anything wondering happen over there ? please write me when you have time . i am looking forwards to hearing from you . 
is there anything happening over there ? please write to me when you have time . i am looking forwards to hearing from you . 
love , 
love , 
prasert charoenkul
prasert charoenkul
13 . jun . 2000 dear sir or madam , i am very pleased to hear that i won the first prize in the competition . it would be great for me to go to the u . s . a as the prize and to stay for two weeks . below is the information you requested me . firstly , i would like to travel in july because i have got a prior plan to teach the korean children in brighton about korean and korean history in the early august . secondly , i would like to stay at log cabins which would have a good smell of nature in them . also if i have to choose two of the activities , i would like to play tennis and to go surfing because playing tennis is my first choice and i am very good at it . and also the reason why i would like to go surfing is that i am always dreaming of surfing on the coast of california like on tv , but i have never tried to surf yet , which doen't mean i am bad at swimming . finally , i would like you to let me know which clothes would be suitable for the weather at that time and how much money i should take . i look forward to hearing from you soon . yours faithfully , haneul gay kay . 
13 . jun . 2000 dear sir or madam , i am very pleased to hear that i won the first prize in the competition . it would be great for me to go to the u . s . a as the prize and to stay for two weeks . below is the information you requested from me . firstly , i would like to travel in july because i have got a prior plan to teach korean children in brighton about korea and korean history in early august . secondly , i would like to stay in log cabins which would have a good smell of nature in them . also if i have to choose two of the activities , i would like to play tennis and to go surfing because playing tennis is my first choice and i am very good at it . and also the reason why i would like to go surfing is that i am always dreaming of surfing on the coast of california like on tv , but i have never tried to surf yet , which doesn't mean i am bad at swimming . finally , i would like you to let me know which clothes would be suitable for the weather at that time and how much money i should take . i look forward to hearing from you soon . yours faithfully , haneul gay kay . 
when you spend money on goods and services , it gives you satisfaction and happiness but going shopping is not always enjoyable . there are a few reasons . 
when you spend money on goods and services , it gives you satisfaction and happiness but going shopping is not always enjoyable . there are a few reasons . 
firstly , you cannot always get the right one although you scour about all the shops to find something you want . you may only get tired on your feet . and also you would have to thread your way between the shoppers because there are too many shoppers , especially , on the special occasion like on sale . secondly , you cannot exclude that you might get a pick-pocket which would make you upset and irritated when you think of that you could avoid it and that you could take less money in your wallet from home . 
firstly , you cannot always get the right thing although you scour all the shops to find something you want . you may only get tired feet . and also you would have to thread your way between the shoppers because there are too many shoppers , especially on special occasions like during a sale . secondly , you cannot exclude that you might get robbed by a pick-pocket which would make you upset and irritated when you think of how you could avoid it and that you could take less money in your wallet . 
in addition to this , even if you buy something you would like , you can change your mind at home . sometimes , a moment comes up that you would like to buy something you have not wanted because while you are shopping , you might get something beautiful or good to you . so you would spend more money you have expected . 
in addition to this , even if you buy something you like , you can change your mind at home . sometimes , a moment comes that you would like to buy something you have not wanted because while you are shopping , you might get something beautiful or good to you . so you spend more money than you had expected . 
to sum up , you should spend money as your plan and you should be cautious and sensible to make it enjoyable . 
to sum up , you should spend money according to your plan and you should be cautious and sensible to make it enjoyable . 
13th june 2000
13th june 2000
dear edouard , 
dear edouard , 
firstly , let me thank you for your nice letter of june 10th . i was so surprised but so glad to read that i won the first prize in your competition . 
firstly , let me thank you for your nice letter of june 10th . i was so surprised but so glad to read that i had won the first prize in your competition . 
in response to your question and if you don't mind , i would prefer to travel in july because i've already chosen my holiday and my boss won't give me another one . 
in response to your question and if you don't mind , i would prefer to travel in july because i've already booked my holiday and my boss won't give me another one . 
i would be grateful if i could accommodate in a log cabin . i'm no more a young girl ! and do appreciate a little bit of comfort . 
i would be grateful if i could stay in a log cabin . i'm not a young girl anymore and do appreciate a little bit of comfort . 
as you asked me , my favourite activities would be painting and climbing . i like very much the moutains and would particularly enjoy painting them after a walk . would you be so kind as to write me as soon as possible because i need the accurate date of the journey . i've got four children and have to organise their time without mother . 
as you asked me , my favourite activities would be painting and climbing . i like very much the mountains the mountains very much and would particularly enjoy painting them after a walk . would you be so kind as to write to me as soon as possible because i need the precise date of the journey . i've got four children and have to organise their time without their mother . 
furthermore , i would like to know exactly which kind of clothes i have to take with and how much money i'll be supposed to spend there . i'm really looking forward to hearing from you . 
furthermore , i would like to know exactly what kind of clothes i have to take with me and how much money i should expect to spend there . i'm really looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours faithfully , 
yours sincerely , 
edith-marilyn piaf
edith-marilyn piaf
shopping is my everyday life . i'm a mother of four children and you can easily imagine how many things i have to buy in a week . it starts with food ( monstruous ) and goes on with clothes , pills , games and so on . it never ends ! but unlikely to what you could think , i love shopping . i find it a very relaxing moment . at home , you have to work hard and you're often stressful because of your children always asking you for something . when you're shopping , you can finally relax , just admiring what you're seeing . your only work consist in choosing what suits you or buying what you prefer for dinner for instance; furthermore you're not disturbed: it's a dream ! 
shopping is a part of my everyday life . i'm a mother of four and you can easily imagine how many things i have to buy in a week . it starts with food ( monstrous ) and goes on to clothes , pills , games and so on . it never ends ! but contrary to what you might expect , i love shopping . i find it very relaxing . at home , you have to work hard and you're often stressed because your children are always asking you for something . when you're shopping , you can finally relax , just admiring what you see . your only task consists in choosing what suits you or buying what you prefer for dinner , for instance; furthermore you're not disturbed: it's a dream ! 
to be fair , i must say that i've noticed one disadvantage on shopping: you need money ! 
to be fair , i must say that i've noticed one drawback to shopping: you need money ! 
you'll understand , i'm sure , that i prefer shopping at the beginning of every month . in order to change this situation i could win the lottery: a dream too ! 
you'll understand , i'm sure , why i prefer shopping at the beginning of every month . in order to change this situation i would have to win the lottery: another dream ! 
dear mrs . ryan , 
dear mrs . ryan , 
i received your letter last monday . i want to say thank you that i was the lucky person who won that competition . it will be a great opportunity for me to see the united states and i am so happy about that , i can not explain it . 
i received your letter last monday . i want to say thank you for making me the lucky person who won that competition . it will be a great opportunity for me to see the united states and i am so happy about that i cannot explain it . 
you want to know some further information from me . about the date , when i want to travel can i say that it is only possible for me on july because i have to do some exams at the school . i would prefer to the accommodation at the camp a tent , the reason is that i like to live realy natural and it is more enjoyable to live in a tent then in cabins . 
you want some further information from me . about the date when i want to travel , can i say that it is only possible for me in july because i have to do some exams at school . i would prefer regarding the accommodation at the camp regarding the accommodation at the camp , i would prefer a tent . the reason is that i like to live really naturally and it is more enjoyable to live in a tent than in a cabin . 
as activities i can say that i like every sport , but basketball and tennis would be perfect for me . in basketball i have more practise then in tennis . i play every weekend on competitions with my local team and about tennis it is that i tried but it is not like my basketball experience . 
regarding activities , i can say that i like every sport , but basketball and tennis would be perfect for me . in basketball i have had more practice than in tennis . i play every weekend in competitions with my local team and about tennis it is that i tried but it is not like my basketball experience . 
also i want to know how much clothes and money i would need for these two weeks . please write me your answer as quick as possible . 
also i want to know how many clothes and how much money i will need for these two weeks . please write to me with your answer as quickly as possible . 
i hope i can hear from you soon . 
i hope i can hear from you soon . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
dear kim , 
dear kim , 
how are you my lovely penfriend ? i hope good . you want to know how was it to work and help at a pop concert ? it is marvelous . you see the stars so near and also you can chat with them . on my first day i should help to bring the staff for the band , things like guitars , drums and others . it was maybe hard work for a while but i was so happy about that to help on a real big pop concert i can't decribe it . on the other two days i helped to prepare the breakfast , lunch and diner for the band . you are always so near to these people and after a while it is normal to stay and chat with brian adams , for example . i realy enjoyed that and it was one of the greatest , when not the greatest experience in my life . on the other hand it was a good paid job with 15 pounds per hour , what do you can say . 
how are you my lovely penfriend ? i hope well well , i hope . you want to know how it was to work and help at a pop concert ? it was marvellous . you see the stars so near and also you can chat with them . on my first day i had to help to bring the stuff for the band , things like guitars , drums and other things . it was hard work for a while but i was so happy to help at a really big pop concert i can't describe it . on the other two days i helped to prepare the breakfast , lunch and dinner for the band . you are always so near to these people and after a while it is normal to stay and chat with brian adams , for example . i really enjoyed that and it was one of the greatest , if not the greatest experience of my life . on the other hand it was a well paid well-paid job at 15 pounds per hour . what can you say ! 
the organizer of the tournement have spoken with me and asked me if i want i could do the same work in two months at the concert by the rolling stones is that not fantastic . i couldn't believe it but he gave me the contract to fill it out . i hope kim you was not too jealous about that , sorry . please write me soon , i'm waiting . 
the organizer of the tournament tour spoke with me and asked me if i wanted to do the same work in two months at the rolling stones concert . is that not isn't that fantastic ! i couldn't believe it but he gave me the contract to sign . i hope , kim , you were not too jealous about that , sorry . please write to me soon . i'm waiting . 
loves 
love 
thank you very much for the prize . i turned crazy when i knew i was the winner of your competition . i am just looking forward to going to camp california . i've never been in the states before and having the chance to do it so makes me real happy . 
thank you very much for the prize . i went crazy when i knew i was the winner of your competition . i am looking forward to going to camp california . i've never been to the states before and having the chance to do so makes me really happy . 
so let's answer the question you told me to in order to make that two weeks there as funnier as possible . you asked me when would i like to travel to california . definitely , in july . that's my only month for holidays in the whole year . if possible , i'd like to spend my time there in a tent . i hope just the sleeping one . that's the best suitable accomodation for a camping . it just keeps you in touch with nature . that's what camping is about , isn't it ? i've found the list of activities you sent me very interesting . if i have to choose two of them i'll take tennis first . i'm an expert on it and i'll have a good time beating everyone there . can't say the same about golf . it will be my first experience with the putt . i just hope not to get injured . one thing you have not told me is weather i have to pay all things by my own in california or not . please , let me know . 
so let's answer the question you asked me to in order to make those two weeks there as much fun as possible . you asked me when i would like to travel to california . definitely , in july . that's my only month for holidays in the whole year . if possible , i'd like to spend my time there in a tent . i hope just the sleeping one . that's the most suitable accommodation for a camping holiday . it keeps you in touch with nature . that's what camping is about , isn't it ? i've found the list of activities you sent me very interesting . if i have to choose two of them i'll take tennis first . i'm an expert on it and i'll have a good time beating everyone there . can't say the same about golf . it will be my first experience on the green . i just hope i don't get injured . one thing you have not told me is whether i have to pay for everything myself in california or not . please , let me know . 
waiting for your answer , 
waiting for your answer , 
jos
jos
dear kim , 
dear kim , 
as i told you in my previous letter i finally had the opportunity to take part on the sting concert here in segovia . no , not as a singer . not yet . my only role was to carry things from one place to another . very heavy things , those which sting uses to make his show even more spectacular . have you seen the giant screen behind him in every concert ? i was the one who put it there in segovia . well , some others helped me in the task , but that did not make it much easier . 
as i told you in my previous letter i finally had the opportunity to take part in the sting concert here in segovia . no , not as a singer . not yet . my only role was to carry things from one place to another . very heavy things , those which sting uses to make his show even more spectacular . have you seen the giant screen behind him in every concert ? i was the one who put it there in segovia . well , some others helped me with the task , but that did not make it much easier . 
any way , it was a great experience and i enjoy it very much . the part i enjoyed most was the one when they paid me . it wasn't much but that means nothing when you have the chance to take part in an event like that . they also gave me a ticket to wotch the concert live . great show . 
anyway , it was a great experience and i enjoyed it very much . the part i enjoyed most was the one when they paid me . it wasn't much but that means nothing when you have the chance to take part in an event like that . they also gave me a ticket to watch the concert live . great show . 
next time come with me . i think ernestina is coming to the city very soon . see you then ! 
next time come with me . i think ernestina is coming to the city very soon . see you then ! 
jos
jos
dear mrs ryan ! 
dear mrs ryan ! 
i'm very happy that i won first prize in your competion . two weeks at california in the usa is the thing about i dreamed a lot . you asked me few questions in your letter . i would like to answer . 
i'm very happy that i won first prize in your competition . two weeks at california in the usa is the thing i dreamed about a lot . you asked me few questions in your letter . i would like to answer . 
the only one term for me to visit you is july . i can come to usa on july becouse on august i will be working with my father . we are building a new house for our family . what about accommodation , i prefer tents to log cabins . nights in hol . on july are hot . tent will be more cooler to sleep then the cabin . 
the only time for me to visit you is july . i can come to usa in july because in august i will be working with my father . we are building a new house for our family . what about accommodation ? i prefer tents to log cabins . nights in hol . in july are hot . a tent will be cooler to sleep in than a cabin . 
you offer a great veriety of activities . my best sports disciplines are swimming and basketball . i am a life guard and i could work in your camp as a rescuer next summer . basketball is the game which i love . i always watch the nba matches on t . v . it will be great for me to train basketball in usa . i have qustions to . how much money should i take with me and what sort of clothes are requested 
you offer a great variety of activities . my best sports disciplines are swimming and basketball . i am a life guard and i could work in your camp as a rescuer next summer . basketball is the game which i love . i always watch the nba matches on t . v . it will be great for me to do basketball in the usa . i have questions too . how much money should i take with me and what sort of clothes are required ? 
thank you . 
thank you . 
yours sincerely k . 
yours sincerely k . 
shoping is not always enjoyable . 
shopping is not always enjoyable . 
ten or fifteen years ago we had in poland empty shelves in shops . we could only buy things from russia . people alwas queued for stuff from west . if you had wanted something special for example for a gift you had to stay in a line all night . it was the worst side of shopping in poland couple years ago . nowadays we have capitalism , free market lots of privete shops , markets and super-markets . we can buy everything what about we imagine . polish super market are not polish origin shops . they are imported from enother western europe country . 
ten or fifteen years ago we had empty shelves in shops in poland . we could only buy things from russia . people always queued for stuff from the west . if you had wanted something special for example for a gift you had to stay in a line all night . it was the worst side of shopping in poland a couple of years ago . nowadays we have capitalism , free market , lots of private shops , markets and supermarkets . we can buy everything we imagine . polish supermarket supermarkets are not polish-origin shops . they are imported from another western european country . 
i apprieciate this shops for lots of products , cheep prices end big spaces . but the problem is when i want to buy only one thing , for example bread . on friedy evening and at on the weekdays each supermarkets are crowded . they are filled by people who went buy everything . 
i appreciate these shops for lots of products , cheap prices and big spaces . but the problem is when i want to buy only one thing , for example bread . on friday evening and on the weekdays all supermarkets are crowded . they are filled with people who want to buy everything . 
i do not like crowded places . this is the reason why i do not like shopping . 
i do not like crowded places . this is the reason why i do not like shopping . 
dear mrs ryan , 
dear mrs ryan , 
i am really surprised about the free journey to california , because i've never ever won anything before . 
i am really surprised about the free trip to california , because i've never ever won anything before . 
my summer holidays last for two months , but i just have time in july . in august i am going to work in an office , so there is not possibility to travel away this month . 
my summer holidays last for two months , but i only have time in july . in august i am going to work in an office , so there is no possibility of travelling that month . 
i would prefer the accommodation in a log cabin . for one night it would not disturb me to sleep in a tent , but for a period of two weeks it would be too uncomfortable . 
i would prefer to stay in a log cabin . for one night it would not bother me to sleep in a tent , but for a period of two weeks it would be too uncomfortable . 
at the camp i would like to go sailing a lot . once my family and i went to greece and rent a sailing boat for three weeks . because most of the work did my parents , i don't know exactly how to handle a sailing boat . 
at the camp i would like to go sailing a lot . once my family and i went to greece and rented a sailing boat for three weeks . because my parents did most of the work , i don't know exactly how to handle a sailing boat . 
as the second activity i have chosen to make photos . i'm used to be the photographer at the holidays with my family and i know how a camera works . 
as the second activity i have chosen to take photos . i used to be the photographer on family holidays and i know how a camera works . 
finally i have some questions concerning the clothes i am going to need and how much money i should estimately take with me . i just want to know , what i will have to pay alone . 
finally i have some questions concerning the clothes i am going to need and how much money i should approximately approximately how much money i should take with me . i just want to know what i will have to pay for myself . 
thank you very much for giving me the chance to discover a new type of landscape ! 
thank you very much for giving me the chance to discover a new type of landscape ! 
yours
yours
the statement mentioned is perfectly suitable to my opinion . if you want to buy new clothes for summer the biggest difficulty is to find a shop , which sells what you are looking for . once you've found you should take everything you like and go into the cabin . 
the statement mentioned is perfectly in tune with my opinion . if you want to buy new clothes for summer the biggest difficulty is to find a shop which sells what you are looking for . once you've found it you should take everything you like and go into the fitting room . 
it's a big advantage to go shopping with a friend , because he or she can bring you all the clothes in a suitable size if the one you took doesn't fit . often it happens that the salesman hasn't got the size you need and that's always a pity . 
it's a big advantage to go shopping with a friend , because he or she can bring you all the clothes in the right size if the item you took doesn't fit . often it happens that the salesman hasn't got the size you need and that's always a pity . 
after trying on about twenty different tops , dresses or jeans your legs and your back start to hurt terribly . at the end you may have found only two or three things you really like , but they are all the work worth . 
after trying on about twenty different tops , dresses or jeans your legs and your back start to hurt terribly . in the end you may have found only two or three things you really like , but they are worth all the work . 
miss helen ryan , 
dear miss helen ryan , 
i was receveid your letter concerning two weeks at camp california in the usa . so i will answer you about this different points . 
i have received your letter concerning two weeks at camp california in the usa . so i will answer your questions . 
i would like to travel only july because i think , it's the best month for enjoy my holidays . 
i would like to travel only in july because i think it's the best month for me to enjoy my holidays . 
about my accommodation , i would prefer a log cabin because it's more confortable than a tent and less hot with the sun . nevertheless , i hope , there are water and light inside this log cabine . 
regarding my accommodation , i would prefer a log cabin because it's more comfortable than a tent and less hot with the sun . however , i hope , there is water and light inside this log cabin . 
between your different activities , i will like to practice :
from your different activities , i would like to practise :
1 . surfing because i never do it and i will like to learn it . 
1 . surfing because i never do it and i would like to learn . 
2 . photography because during my freetime i make some pictures about persons , country , -- - so , i will want to have more experience and a better technique to
2 . photography because in my free time i take some pictures of people , countryside , -- - so , i want to have more experience and a better technique to
succed at a good level . 
succeed at a good level to be more successful . 
nowthere , i would like know if it's possible to change my activities during my sejar . can i change some moneys in the camp or near it ? is it possible to come with another person ? and know the different prices for the same holidays ? 
nowthere , i would like to know if it's possible to change my activities during my stay . can i change some money at the camp or near it ? is it possible to come with another person ? and are there different prices for the same holiday ? 
thank you for answer my different questions . 
thank you for answering my different questions . 
salutations . 
yours sincerely , 
the shopping is great when you have lots of moneys , times ; you can buy clothes , shoes , make-up; cd , whatever . but , it's not easy for workers , because the shops close their doors about 5 . 30 pm ( half past five ) . when you work in a office , a manufactory , a society , you have the same planning to them . so you just can go to do a shopping during your lunch break . if not , you can go the saturdays but badly , there are too costumers . you can't walk , try clothes , it's very hot . the salewomen are too busy and haven't a moment for give you a counsil service . 
shopping is great when you have lots of money and time ; you can buy clothes , shoes , make-up; cds , whatever . but it's not easy for workers , because the shops close their doors about 5 . 30 pm ( half past five ) . when you work in an office , a factory , a company , you have the same hours as them . so you can only go shopping during your lunch break . if not , you can go on saturdays but it's hard , because there are too many customers . you can't walk , or try clothes on , and it's very hot . the saleswomen are too busy and haven't a moment to give you advice . 
in england , there aren't paper for make a present . it's different than the other european countries . 
in england , there aren't paper for make a present . it's different to the other european countries . 
sometimes the sales women aren't friendship , because they have some stress or they aren't the sale feeling . 
sometimes the saleswomen aren't friendly , because they are stressed or they aren't the sale feeling . 
finally i think , it will be better if the shops stay open until 7 . 30 pm ( half past seven ) . it will be a good service for their costumer and more cool for them . 
finally i think it will be better if the shops stay open until 7 . 30 pm ( half past seven ) . it will provide a good service for their customers and be cooler for them . 
dear mr. ryan , 
dear mr. ryan , 
i have just received your letter and i am writing to give you further information about myself . 
i have just received your letter and i am writing to give you further information about myself . 
first of all , july is the only month i can travel in because i will have to start working from august , and i would like to stay in a tent when i am at the camp so that i can enjoy the great atmosphere which tents only can make and i love . 
first of all , july is the only month i can travel in because i will have to start working from august , and i would like to stay in a tent when i am at the camp so that i can enjoy the great atmosphere which tents only can make and i love . 
i would also like to tell you which two activities i am keen to do at the camp . one of them is basketball , which i have been playing for over seven years , and i am the captain of my university basketball team . the other one is tennis , which is also my favorite sports and i have been playing for several years . i go to elementary school to teach children how to play tennis every wednesday and friday . 
i would also like to tell you which two activities i am keen to do at the camp . one of them is basketball , which i have been playing for over seven years , and i am the captain of my university basketball team . the other one is tennis , which is also my favourite sport and i have been playing for several years . i go to elementary school to teach children how to play tennis every wednesday and friday . 
i am therefore writing to enquire about some things . what i would like to know is what the weather is like so that i can bring appropriate clothes and also how much money i should bring . lastly , i would like to know how many people are comming to the camp i will go . 
i am therefore writing to enquire about some things . what i would like to know is what the weather is like so that i can bring appropriate clothes and also how much money i should bring . lastly , i would like to know how many people are coming to the camp i will go to . 
i sould be grateful if you would send me further information that i asked and i look forward to hearing from you soon . 
i should be grateful if you would send me the further information that i asked for and i look forward to hearing from you soon . 
yours sincerely , 
yours faithfully , 
makoto tanaka
makoto tanaka
for a short video
for a short video
introduction
introduction
the aim of this report is to summarize the results of a survey about lessons and other activities which should be filmed . this report is based on a sample of over 80 students of my school . 
the aim of this report is to summarize the results of a survey about lessons and other activities which should be filmed . this report is based on a sample of over 80 students of my school . 
favorite lessons
favourite lessons
interestingly , over half of the students who were asked enjoy attending history class , while 30 per cent are keen to take an art and music class , and a small number of the student ( less than 15 per cent ) like to take social studies class . 
interestingly , over half of the students who were asked enjoy attending history class , while 30 per cent are keen to take an art and music class , and a small number of the student ( less than 15 per cent ) like to take social studies class . 
favorite activities
favourite activities
not surprisingly , football was well-preferred as an activity which students do after school generally ( over 30 per cent ) and also about 25 per cent preferred baseball . amazingly , over 20 per cent of the students would like to take up handball from next year . 
not surprisingly , football was well-preferred as an activity which students do after school generally ( over 30 per cent ) and also about 25 per cent preferred baseball . amazingly , over 20 per cent of the students would like to take up handball from next year . 
conclusion
conclusion
to sum up , it seems that there are so many interesting lessons and activities at our school , 
to sum up , it seems that there are so many interesting lessons and activities at our school , 
dear ms ryan , 
dear ms ryan , 
thank you very much for informing that i won the prize . i was very pleased to hear that . i am writing to inform you the information you asked me . 
thank you very much for informing that i won the prize . i was very pleased to hear that . i am writing to give you the information you asked me for . 
as for the date to travel , i would like to go there in july . owing toe the summer course i take starting in august , july is the only month i have free time . 
as for the date to travel , i would like to go there in july . owing to the summer course i take starting in august , july is the only month i have free time . 
with regard to place to stay , i would be most grateful if i could stay in a log cabin . i never could sleep in a tent in my life . 
with regard to the place to stay , i would be most grateful if i could stay in a log cabin . i never could sleep in a tent in my life . 
i was also very pleased to hear that i could do some activities . since i have studied photography for several years , i would like to take some picture of beautiful scenaries in california . as photography , swimming is my best way of relaxation . it would be grateful if i could go swimming during the stays . 
i was also very pleased to hear that i could do some activities . since i have studied photography for several years , i would like to take some pictures of beautiful sceneries scenery in california . after photography , swimming is my best method of relaxation . it would be great if i could go swimming during the stay . 
finally , i would like to know what kind of clothes i should take there , and how much money i would need . 
finally , i would like to know what kind of clothes i should take there , and how much money i would need . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
although shopping is one of the most popular ways to reduce your stress , this is not always the case . there are some negative points that i would like to make about shopping . 
although shopping is one of the most popular ways to reduce your stress , this is not always the case . there are some negative points that i would like to make about shopping . 
first of all , if you want to buy nice dresses , the first thing you have to do is looking around all shops and department stores in a city . if you are lucky enough , you might find them within 30 minutes , but if you don't , you might have to keep walking for several hours and still couldn't find ones ! ! that's would be so exhausting . 
first of all , if you want to buy nice dresses , the first thing you have to do is look around all the shops and department stores in a city . if you are lucky enough , you might find them within 30 minutes , but if you don't , you might have to keep walking for several hours and still not find any ! ! that would be so exhausting . 
next thing you have to do is trying them on . you have to be patient enough to tolerate long queues for fitting rooms . after that what is waiting for you is the struggle with ill-fitted clothes taking off and putting on . that's a hell ! ! 
next thing you have to do is try them on . you have to be patient enough to tolerate long queues for fitting rooms . after that what is waiting for you is the struggle with ill-fitting clothes , taking off and putting on . that's hell ! ! 
that's not the end of the story . you need to go home with bulky bags in both of your hands ! ! 
that's not the end of the story . you need to go home with bulky bags in both of your hands ! ! 
to sum up , although there is certainly a good side of shopping , such as pleasures of getting new stuff and spending money on something you really wanted for long time , you also have some unpleasant moments to get through . 
to sum up , although there is certainly a good side to shopping , such as the pleasures of getting new stuff and spending money on something you really wanted for a long time , you also have some unpleasant moments to get through . 
i'm very please to recived these prize . thank you very much . 
i'm very pleased to received receive this prize . thank you very much . 
the only time i can travel to u . s . a is in july , because that is the only time i can leave my work . other worker are taking on other month so there is only july that is availible for me . 
the only time i can travel to the u . s . a is in july , because that is the only time i can leave my work . other workers are taking on other months so there is only july that is available for me . 
about the accommodation at camp california , i would like to stay in a tents . i'm a very out door person , who like to go camping and hiking , so staying in a tents is like a second home to me . 
about the accommodation at camp california , i would like to stay in a tent . i'm a very outdoor person , who likes to go camping and hiking , so a tent is like a second home to me . 
the two activities that i could like to do are tennis and climbing . i'm very good at tennis , and i was a profeshional tennis player . i won the u . s . open and the french open in 1986 and 1988 . unforgivly , my climbing skill is no where like my tennis skill , but i alway love climbing . i'm afrade of hights and eversince i alway want to conqure that fear ! 
the two activities that i would like to do are tennis and climbing . i'm very good at tennis , and i was a professional tennis player . i won the u . s . open and the french open in 1986 and 1988 . unforgivably , my climbing skill is nowhere nothing like my tennis skill , but i always love climbing . i'm afraid of heights and ever since i always want have always wanted to conquer that fear ! 
at this point , i would like to know which air line i will be traveling in and if it possible can you send me more information about the camp california . also i would like to know how long i will be staying at this camp so i can prepare how much money i'm going to need and how many clothes i'm going to take . 
at this point , i would like to know which airline i will be travelling on and if it is possible can you send me more information about camp california . also i would like to know how long i will be staying at this camp so i can decide how much money i'm going to need and how many clothes i'm going to take . 
i would like to thank you again for the prize that you give me . 
i would like to thank you again for the prize that you have given me . 
filming about life at school mean filming students acts and behaveare . we need to show what students interests in and which subject are interested . 
filming life at school means filming the students' actions and behaviour . we need to show what students' interests are and which subjects they are interested in . 
i think science are one of the interesting subject in school . it is very interesting and fun with the experement . lot and lot of experements which give out quit an interest and amazing results and i think science is very useful in life . we can see a lot of interest faces on the students wile we filming them . also it not a very easy subject so we can capture other students faces in confuse and puzzal . 
i think science is one of the interesting subjects in school . it is very interesting and fun with the experiment . lots and lots of experiments produce quite interesting and amazing results and i think science is very useful in life . we can see a lot of interested faces among the students while we are filming them . also it is not a very easy subject so we can capture other students' faces in confusion and puzzle puzzlement . 
also drama is one of the most fun and interest subject . we can see students expressing their feeling , wonderful and excitting story that the student made up or from a will know story . 
also drama is one of the most fun and interesting subjects . we can see students expressing their feelings , wonderful and exciting story that the student made up or from a well known well-known story . 
another excitting subject which most of the students likes very much is p . e . many students like to play sports . ( i'm one of them ) . it a good idea to have that in . plus you can use me as a main person because i'm very good at it . 
another exciting subject which most of the students like very much is p . e . many students like to play sports . ( i'm one of them ) . it would be a good idea to have that in . plus you can use me as the main person because i'm very good at it . 
we can also film life after school . after school activities is one of the main thing in school . there are lot of interest activities doing on such as , painting , swimming , football , basketball , reading , drama , and much much more . we can capture bits of each activities and used it as a finish clips for our film . 
we can also film life after school . after school activities are one of the main things in school . there are lots of interesting activities doing things such as painting , swimming , football , basketball , reading , drama , and much much more . we can capture bits of each activity and use them as finish clips for our film . 
dear helen ryan , 
dear helen ryan , 
i would like to thank you for your letter ! i went in for your competition and i was really anxious about the results . i am surprised that i won the first prize but also very happy about it ! therefore it would be my pleasure to reply to your letter . 
i would like to thank you for your letter ! i went in for your competition and i was really anxious about the results . i am surprised that i won the first prize but also very happy about it ! therefore it is my pleasure to reply to your letter . 
firstly , i would like to arrive at the camp in july if that is possible because i am working and i will not have spare time before this month . 
firstly , i would like to arrive at the camp in july if that is possible because i am working and i will not have spare time before then . 
secondly , you are mentioning " tents or log cabins " as the accommodation provided . i would rather live in a tent than a log cabin in order to be close to nature i adore the sound of the wind , trees , animals and everything which is surrounding . i could feel the environment . 
secondly , you mention " tents or log cabins " as the accommodation provided . i would rather stay in a tent than a log cabin in order to be close to nature . i adore the sound of the wind , trees , animals and everything which surrounds me . i could feel the environment . 
thirdly , as far as the activities i have to choose , i would prefer swimming as well as tennis . i have gained some experience in playing tennis due to the tennis court that we used to have at home . i do sports a lot so apart from tennis i am a member in our local swimming centre . i can reasure you that gradually i am improving my sports skills . 
thirdly , regarding the activities i have to choose , i would prefer swimming and tennis . i have gained some experience in playing tennis due to the tennis court that we used to have at home . i do a lot of sports , so apart from playing tennis i am a member of our local swimming centre . i can reassure assure you that i am gradually improving my sports skills . 
finally , i would like to ask you which kind of clothes do i have to bring with me . is the weather changeable ? i was also wondering if i will need any money . i would appreciate if you could let me know as soon as possible . 
finally , i would like to ask you what kind of clothes i should bring with me . is the weather changeable ? i was also wondering if i will need any money . i would appreciate it if you could let me know as soon as possible . 
i hope the information given will be of use . i have tried to be as helpful as possible . 
i hope the information given will be of use . i have tried to be as helpful as possible . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
dear kim , 
dear kim , 
i am writing to you about my previous experience . i know how impatient you are about it and i just want to let you know that it was something amazing ! 
i am writing to you about my recent experience . i know how impatient you are to hear about it and i just want to let you know that it was amazing ! 
as i've told you , last month i went at a pop concert and i really enjoy helping with the preparation . it took place in a huge stadium which had over 4 . 000 seats for the " spactetors " if you can call them like this . can you imagine ? 
as i've told you , last month i went to a pop concert and i really enjoyed helping with the preparation . it took place in a huge stadium which had over 4 , 000 seats for the " spectators " if you can call them that . can you imagine ? 
there was a large stage which we had to clean by sweeping . that was a little bit odd but and funny at the same time . another thing we had to do was help the staff to tranfer some equipment . the musicians brough it in order to achieve a high standard of quality sound . we had to be very careful . have you any idea how much does this stuff worth ? you don't even want to know . 
there was a large stage which we had to sweep clean . that was a little bit odd but funny at the same time . another thing we had to do was help the staff to transfer move some equipment . the musicians brought it in order to achieve a high standard of sound quality . we had to be very careful . have you any idea how much this stuff is worth ? you don't even want to know . 
apart from these we were mainly helping the singers to be prepared for the concert . they had to chose their clothes , give one last performance before the big night and everything had to be perfect ! 
apart from this , we were mainly helping the singers to prepare for the concert . they had to choose their clothes , and do one last rehearsal before the big night and everything had to be perfect ! 
even if i could use 100 sheets it wouldn't be enough to describe my experience and the things that i've gained through it ! i've learned the meaning of the words " reliability " and " responsibility " . anyway the result of the whole preparation is far more enjoyable and relaxing . 
even if i could use 100 sheets it wouldn't be enough to describe my experience and the things that i gained from it ! i've learned the meaning of the words " reliability " and " responsibility " . anyway the result of the whole preparation is far more enjoyable and relaxing . 
looking forward to hearing from you . 
looking forward to hearing from you . 
best wishes
best wishes
dear sir or madam , 
dear sir or madam , 
i am glad to hear that i have won first prize , two weeks at camp california in the u . s . a . 
i am glad to hear that i have won first prize , two weeks at camp california in the u . s . a . 
i would like to travel in july because i will have my off in july . i would rather stay in a log cabin than a tent . i think it would be more comfortable than a tent . i want to join swimming and tennis courses . i have been swimming from my five years of age until 1993 as a member of school team . i am good at timing on swim . i am also good at playing tennis . i won a prize in a competition in 1999 . 
i would like to travel in july because i will have my holiday in july . i would rather stay in a log cabin than a tent . i think it would be more comfortable than a tent . i want to attend swimming and tennis courses . i have been swimming since i was five years of age and until 1993 i was a member of the school team . i am good at timing on swim . i am also good at playing tennis . i won a prize in a competition in 1999 . 
i would like to ask about the money . is everything free ? do i need to bring money for anything extra ? but also i would like to learn about clothes . do i need any special clothe ? will you provide it ? and do i have to pay for clothes ? 
i would like to ask about money . is everything free ? do i need to bring money for anything extra ? but and also i would like to know about clothes . do i need any special clothes ? will you provide them ? and do i have to pay for clothes ? 
if you reply my letter until 28th of june i'll be pleased with it because i have to give information about my holiday dates to my company . 
if you could reply to my letter by the 28th of june i'd be grateful because i have to give information about my holiday dates to my company . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
- shopping -
- shopping -
who doesn't like shopping ? everybody likes from a child to an old lady in sixties but it is not always enjoyable . 
who doesn't like shopping ? everybody likes it , from a child to an old lady in her sixties , but it is not always enjoyable . 
when you get home tired after spending all your morning and afternoon at shopping you'll want to go to bed because you were looking for only a suit during all day and you couldn't find the perfect one . 
when you get home tired after spending all your morning and afternoon shopping you want to go to bed because you spent the whole day just looking for a suit and you couldn't find the perfect one . 
the only thing is we need to know what kind of thing do we want to buy and where could we buy cheaper and more quality stuff . 
the only thing is , we need to know what kind of thing we want to buy and where can we we can buy cheaper and better quality stuff . 
we have few possibilities . we can look up a magazine or a booklet which deliver with newspaper weekly . we can order a free book from big shops or companies monthly . we can also watch some special channels on the television . the easiest and latest way is the internet shops recently so you don't need to see long-face staffs in the shops . you won't wait in the quee . you don't need to go out to buy something . you can order everything on the computer . 
we have a few possibilities . we can look in a magazine or a booklet which is delivered with the newspaper weekly . we can order a free catalogue from big shops or companies monthly . we can also watch some special channels on the television . the easiest and latest way is internet shopping so . so you don't need to see long-faced staff in the shops . you won't wait in the queue . you don't need to go out to buy something . you can order everything on the computer . 
i think you won't be tired and bored end of your shopping on the computer . think about that way for enjoyable shopping . 
i think you won't be tired and bored at the end of your shopping on the computer . think about that way for enjoyable shopping . 
dear mrs . ryan , 
dear mrs . ryan , 
i have just received your letter and i would like to thank you about the two weeks in california i won in the competition . california has always been in my dreams . 
i have just received your letter and i would like to thank you for the two weeks in california i have won in the competition . california has always been in my dreams . 
i will be leaving university in a few month's time but is in my plans to continue my studied at another university trying to do a master of two years . having decided to take a month off between university and course it would be great to have my holidays from 1st to 15th july . 
i will be leaving university in a few months' time but it is in my plans to continue my studies at another university , trying to do a master's of two years two year master's . having decided to take a month off between university and course , it would be great to have my holidays from 1st to 15th july . 
i have always wanted to spend my holidays in tent but my father has never given me the permission , and this would be an ideal opportunity for me to learn about camp life . 
i have always wanted to spend my holidays in a tent but my father has never given me permission , and this would be an ideal opportunity for me to learn about camp life . 
i am a good swimmer and also well at golf ( handicap twelve ) i took a certificate as teachear in both of them six years ago before i went to " croara golf " in milan where i organised evening's entertainment for customers . 
i am a good swimmer and also good at golf ( handicap twelve ) . i took a certificate to become a teacher teacher in both of them six years ago before i went to " croara golf " in milan where i organised the evening's entertainment for the customers . 
i hope that you can let me know , before i will live , how many degrees there will be so that i cannot make a mistake choosing my clothes and how much aproximately i will spend in money . 
i hope that you can let me know , before i live leave , how hot it will be so that i don't make a mistake choosing my clothes and how much approximately i will spend money approximately how much money i will spend . 
i look forward to reading from you . please do not hesitate to contact me at ( 0297 ) 8245123 in case of need . 
i look forward to hearing from you . please do not hesitate to contact me on ( 0297 ) 8245123 in case you should need me . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
bonfilia conti
bonfilia conti
i do not agree that it is preferable to phone at the shop and give them a list of items you need instead of going to the shop and choose whatever you want . 
i do not agree that it is preferable to phone the shop and give them a list of items you need instead of going to the shop and choosing whatever you want . 
first of all , i belive that if someone has time to go to the shop has the possibility . 
first of all , i believe that if someone has time to go to the shops has the possibility . 
dear misses ryan
dear mrs ryan
i am writing to inquire whether there is possible to have more details about travel and to give my preferences about travel . indeed i would rather to travel only on july since i'm going to work in august in order to earn money to pay my studies next year . 
i am writing to inquire whether it is possible to have more details about travel and to give my preferences regarding travel . indeed i would rather travel only in july since i'm going to work in august in order to earn money to pay for my studies next year . 
moreover i would prefer being accommodate in log cabins because i can't put up with mosquitos and other insects which risk coming into tents . 
moreover i would prefer to stay in a log cabin because i can't put up with mosquitos and other insects which come into tents . 
besides i've chosen two activities from the list: tennis as i practice this sport regularly and i'm very good in this activity and golf because i ignore all about this sport and i wish i will discover it thanks to you . 
i've chosen two activities from the list: tennis ( as i practise do this sport regularly and i'm very good at this activity ) and golf because i don't know anything about this sport and i wish to find out about it . 
on the other hand , i would obtain some details about the kind of clothes that i should carry with me and how much money to take 
i would like some details about the kind of clothes that i should take with me and how much money to take . 
you don't hesitate to contact me in order to have further information . 
don't hesitate to contact me in order to have further information . 
i hope quickly hearing from you 
i hope to hear from you soon 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
dear readers
dear readers
as you have already know , your english class is going to make a short video about daily life at your school , that's why i'm writing a report suggesting which , lessons and other activities , should be filmed . 
as you already know , your english class is going to make a short video about daily life at your school . that's why i'm writing a report suggesting which lessons and other activities should be filmed . 
first of all , he seems obvious that we should , at least once , film a lesson with our english teacher who have had the idea to make this short video . 
first of all , it seems obvious that we should , at least once , film a lesson with our english teacher who had the idea to make this short video . 
besides i would suggest filming a lunch to the restaurant at twelve o'clock in order that people are aware of the high level of noises inside the restaurant because of babbles . 
also i would suggest filming lunch in the restaurant at twelve o'clock in order that people are aware of the high level of noise inside the restaurant because of the babbling . 
at the end , to my opinion , it would be interesting to film a course of sport in order that our parents realise that we improve our body's abilities , and not only our brain's abilities at school . 
at the end , in my opinion , it would be interesting to film a lesson of sport sports lesson in order that our parents realise that we improve our bodies bodies' abilities , and not only our mental abilities at school . 
dear helen:
dear helen:
i am very please to receive you letter , and read all the question you ask me , now , i answer the question . 
i am very pleased to receive your letter , and read all the questions you have asked me . now , i will answer your questions . 
i would like to go travel in july , because at that moment , is stay my summer holiday , so i had more freedom time , and i want to live in tents more than log cabin , because when we live in a tent , usually we are in the countryside . at that moment , i think it should be suitable for me . 
i would like to go in july , because at that time , is start my summer holiday my summer holiday starts at that time , so i have more free time , and i want to stay in tents more than log cabins , because when we stay in a tent we are usually in the countryside . at that time , i think it should be suitable for me . 
do you know , i am amuzing to play tennis ? i am tennis first team in my school , so i can show my highly tennis skill during the holidays , and i can play basketball as well , but not very good , you can say i only know how to play . 
do you know i am amazing when it comes to playing tennis ? i am on the first tennis team in my school , so i can show my high tennis skills during the holidays , and i can play basketball as well , but not very well . you could say i only know how to play . 
do you mind tell me what is the weather , when i during the holiday , what kind the money i should bring with me and what language i should know in there ? 
do you mind telling me what the weather will be like when i am on holiday , what kind money i should bring with me and what language i should speak there ? 
please write back . take care
please write back . take care
from
from
what do you think about shopping ? 
what do you think about shopping ? 
very fun , very happy , if go with your girl friend will feel romatic , you should think something like this , but do you know is not always like this . 
great fun , very happy , if go with your girlfriend it will feel romantic , you should think something like this , but do you know it is not always like this ? 
when you go to shopping with your girl friend , she want to watch every clothes in the shopping centre , but you are not interesting of that , romatic , no ! i think you will feel boring . 
when you go shopping with your girlfriend , she wants to look at every item of clothing in the shopping centre , but you are not interested in that , romantic . romantic , no ! i think you will feel bored . 
if you interesting of the clothes as well , but you need to remember , one is male , but one is female , they should had diffence fashion , at that moment should be had one is boring or have some bad chat , so at the last you both two will feel unhappy or angry to each other . 
if you interested in the clothes as well , but you need to remember , one is male , but one is female , they should have difference different fashion , at that moment should be had one is boring or have some bad chat , so in the end you both will feel unhappy or angry with each other . 
if you go out with your same sex friend that should be fine , same fashion , but everytime go to the same place , everyone will feel boring . 
if you go out with your same-sex friend that should be fine , same fashion , but if every time you go to the same place , everyone will feel bored . 
shopping is enjoyable , but not very offer , so don't say to everyone shopping is always enjoyable ! 
shopping can be enjoyable , but not very often , so don't say to everyone that shopping is always enjoyable ! 
dear mrs helen ryan . 
dear mrs helen ryan , 
i am very pleased with the prize that i won and i would like to give you more information about it , because i would really really like to go to california , i have always wanted to go to california . 
i am very pleased with the prize that i have won and i would like to give you more information about me , because i would really really like to go to california . i have always wanted to go to california . 
first of all , i'm very ill at the moment and i need about a week to get better and i would like to travel within the next few weeks if is possible ( july 2000 ) . 
first of all , i'm very ill at the moment and i need about a week to get better and i would like to travel within the next few weeks if that is possible ( july 2000 ) . 
in accodance with what you have told me about the accommodation i would prefer to go and stay in tents , because i think their unusual and is not something that you do everyday . 
in accordance with what you have told me about the accommodation i would prefer to go and stay in tents , because i think they're unusual and that is not something that you do every day . 
you have also asked me to give you two activities ( sports ) which i would like to do while i am at the camp . the kind of activities that i like from the list that you gave me are basketball and swimming . 
you have also asked me to give you two activities ( sports ) which i would like to do while i am at the camp . the kind of activities that i like from the list that you gave me are basketball and swimming . 
i would also like to ask you about the weather to see what kind of clothes shall i take with me . 
i would also like to ask you about the weather to see what kind of clothes should i i should take with me . 
on the other hand i don't know how much money i should take . is the food paid for ? what about all the other expenses like gas , electricity , water and all the others . 
on the other hand i don't know how much money i should take . is the food paid for ? what about all the other expenses like gas , electricity , water and all the others . 
may i ask you to bring me some more information about the question that i have asked you ? 
may i ask you to give me some more information about the questions matters that i have asked you about ? 
thank you very much about your letter 
thank you very much for your letter . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
dear mrs andersen
dear mrs andersen
i would like to give you , and the others in the class my opinion ( for the video that you are going to do ) about which lessons and other activities should be filmed and why . 
i would like to give you and the others in the class my opinion ( concerning the video that you are going to make ) about which lessons and other activities should be filmed and why . 
well , in my point of view the most interesting lessons that we do at school but in real life are useful , are maths because everything we do is all about maths . the other lesson that i think is very important is physics because of the same reason as maths . on the other hand i think that geography is important as well because we must all know where we live , what are the problems that we have in this world , what problem does every different country have and where does the petroleum come from and what are the advantages and disadvantages for it and the gold as well , there are loads of thinks about geography that we must know . 
well , from my point of view the most interesting lessons that we have at school and which are useful in real life are maths because everything we do is all about maths . the other lesson that i think is very important is physics for the same reason that maths is important . on the other hand i think that geography is important as well because we should all know where we live , what the problems are that we have in this world , what problem every different country has and where the petroleum comes from and what are the advantages and disadvantages of using it the advantages and disadvantages of using it are and about the gold as well . there are loads of things about geography that we ought to know . 
in accordance with all that i have written to you above i think that there is something else you must put in the video film . you can put a few activities ( sports ) like basketball , football , tennis , but only those because their are very popular and people will have interest on them . 
in accordance with all that i have written to you above i think that there is something else you must put in the video . you can put in a few activities ( sports ) like basketball , football , and tennis , but only those because they are very popular and people will be interested in them . 
my advise for you is: " do not put to much subjects , just put a few subject and make them look interesting " 
my advice for you is: " do not put in too many subjects . just put in a few subject and make them look interesting . " 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
dear mrs ryan , 
dear mrs ryan , 
i am very glad to hear that i have won first prize in your competition . here are some further information you need from me:
i am very glad to hear that i have won first prize in your competition . here is some further information you need from me:
i would like to travel in july . it is the only time of the year i have two weeks holiday . i would be grateful if you could give me a log cabin . it is more secure and there is no problem if it rains . 
i would like to travel in july . it is the only time of the year i have two weeks' holiday . i would be grateful if you could give me a log cabin . it is safer and there is no problem if it rains . 
as for the two activities , i would enjoy climbing and playing tennis . i have been climbing for more than 7 years . it should not be a problem . on the other hand , i have never played tennis in my life . but i watch every tournament on television . i like this sport very much . 
as for the two activities , i would enjoy climbing and playing tennis . i have been climbing for more than 7 years . it should not be a problem . on the other hand , i have never played tennis in my life . but i watch every tournament on television . i like this sport very much . 
i would like to know if i need special clothes , extra money or any other things . could you please send me more details about that . . . 
i would like to know if i need any special clothes , extra money or any other things . could you please send me more details about that ? 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
charline cholmondeley
charline cholmondeley
shopping is not always enjoyable . 
shopping is not always enjoyable . 
there are two kinds of shopping; the first one is shopping for fun . you often see young ladies looking for the nicest dress , the most beautiful shoes and so on . . . they are all excited when thinking about the party they have been invited to . this is very nice when you can do your shopping like that . 
there are two kinds of shopping; the first one is shopping for fun . you often see young ladies looking for the nicest dress , the most beautiful shoes and so on . . . they are all excited when thinking about the party they have been invited to . it is very nice when you can do your shopping like that . 
the second kind of shopping is not enjoyable . it is when you have to buy what is necessary for you: bread , butter , milk etc . . . it is always the same . you have to find the best article for the best price . you are among thousands of people , but at the same time , you are alone . besides , when you want to pay for the things you have taken , you can believe that the ladies behind the cashdesks are unable to smile . after that , you have to carry your bag ( of course far too heavy for you ) to your car . when you are at home , there is no reward except that your husband or your children notice that the fridge is full again . 
the second kind of shopping is not enjoyable . it is when you have to buy what is necessary for you: bread , butter , milk etc . . . it is always the same . you have to find the best article for the best price . you are among thousands of people , but , at the same time , you are alone . besides , when you want to pay for the things you have chosen , you can believe that the ladies behind the cash desks are unable to smile . after that , you have to carry your bag ( of course far too heavy for you ) to your car . when you are at home , there is no reward except that your husband or your children notice that the fridge is full again . 
shopping is annoying but also necessary , it is why it is not always enjoyable . 
shopping is annoying but also necessary . it . that is why it is not always enjoyable . 
dear helen ryan . 
dear helen ryan , 
my name is agripina t . i just recive your letter and i would like to answer and ask some questions . i would like to travel only on july because it's the only month when i'm free . on june i have to take some english lessons . i would prefer to live in log cabins because i think they are more comfortable than tents . i don't really like living in tents . if it's possible to live in log cabins i'll be pleased . while i'm at the camp , i would like to do two favorite activities which are basketball and singing . i love to play basketball . i'm not good at it but i try my best . before i was in a basketball team and i enjoyded a lot . also i like singing . in future i would like to be a singer . i like this kind of activity . there is something else i would like to ask . at the camp , is there a free uniform or we will have to wear something spessial ? also i would like to ask about money . how much money should i take with me ? and is it nesessary to bring money , will we need them ? 
my name is agripina t . i just receive received your letter and i would like to answer and ask some questions . i would like to travel only in july because it's the only month when i'm free . in june i have to take some english lessons . i would prefer to stay in log cabins because i think they are more comfortable than tents . i don't really like staying in tents . if it's possible to stay in log cabins i'll be pleased . while i'm at the camp , i would like to do two of my favourite activities , which are basketball and singing . i love to play basketball . i'm not good at it but i try my best . in the past i was in a basketball team and i enjoyed it a lot . also i like singing . in future i would like to be a singer . i like this kind of activity . there is something else i would like to ask . at the camp , is there a free uniform or will we have to wear something special ? also i would like to ask about money . how much money should i take with me ? and is it necessary to bring money , will we need it ? 
this is all what i wanted to ask . thank you for everything . 
this is all that i wanted to ask . thank you for everything . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
agripina tymoshenko . 
agripina tymoshenko . 
i suggest to film our english lessons and math lessons . from activities i suggest to film sport lessons . and music lessons . we have very interesting english lessons . they are always funny and nice . we always learn something new . at some lessons students are always work , but us we work , joke , discuss many topics , tell some stories about our life . students think that we don't do anything and we don't learn anything spessial . it's not true . we practice our english and i think we have to film our english lessons , so others can see that to study this way is better than to study the way how they do . also math . lessons are so interesting . many people don't like math because they think that it's boreing subject . i think it's all depends of teacher . our math . teacher knows how to teach so we don't get tired of his lessons . i think we should film the math . lessons , so students and some teachers will change their opinion about math . for activities we should film sport lessons because we always do something new . we do many competitions with other schools , and we always have fun . our music lessons are speccial . we try to play on many instruments , sing even if we don't know how . and it's always interesting to wach others while they do something like that . 
i suggest filming our english lessons and maths lessons . from the activities i suggest filming sports lessons and music lessons . we have very interesting english lessons . they are always funny and nice . we always learn something new . at some lessons students are always working , but as we work , we joke , discuss many topics , tell some stories about our life . students think that we don't do anything and we don't learn anything special . it's not true . we practise our english and i think we have to film our english lessons , so others can see that to study this way is better than to study the way they do . also maths lessons are so interesting . many people don't like maths because they think that it's a boring subject . i think it all depends on the teacher . our maths teacher knows how to teach so we don't get tired of his lessons . i think we should film the maths lessons , so students and some teachers will change their opinion about maths . for activities , we should film sports lessons because we always do something new . we have many competitions with other schools , and we always have fun . our music lessons are special . we try to play many instruments , and sing even if we don't know how . and it's always interesting to watch others while they do something like that . 
report by agripina tymoshenko . 
report by agripina tymoshenko . 
dear mrs helen ryan , 
dear mrs ryan , 
i received your letter this morning . i am very pleased to hear that i have won first prize in your competition . you can find futher information from me about camp california in the usa . 
i received your letter this morning . i am very pleased to hear that i have won first prize in your competition . you can find further information from me about camp california in the usa . 
first of all i should go to camp california only july because i will start working in our local leisure centre as a swimming instructer 
first of all i can go to camp california only in july because i will start working at our local leisure centre as a swimming instructor . 
and i would like to swimming activities at the camp . my second chose is painting because i love water colour painting and i am a member of the our water colour painting club in my town . 
and i would like to choose swimming as an activity at the camp . my second choice is painting because i love watercolour painting and i am a member of the watercolour painting club in my town . 
i would like to stay in log cabins because i have bad experiens about tents . i do not like to stay in such a small place . 
i would like to stay in a log cabin because i have had bad experience experiences with tents . i do not like to stay in such a small space . 
lastly , i would like to know how much money i should bring with me and could you give me clue about what i must bring as a clothes and what i do not need it . 
lastly , i would like to know how much money i should bring with me , and could you give me an idea about what i must bring in the way of clothes and what i do not need . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours faithfully , 
yours sincerely , 
shopping is not enjoy anymore
shopping is not enjoyable anymore
we are all costemers of the big supermarkets they have all what we need it . they are a bit far from town but they have huge car park . they give us lots of chose to buy what we need it and what we can try for . 
we are all customers of the big supermarkets . they have all that we need . they are a bit far from town but they have huge car parks . they give us lots of choice to buy what we need and what we can try for . 
also they give lots of sale for everything even you can join their club for extra discount . it look wonderful does not it . 
also they have lots of sales special offers on everything , you can even join their clubs for extra discount . it looks seems wonderful doesn't it ? 
but when we thing properly shopping is not enjoyable for example if you forget something that need for salat . you have to go back this supermarket and find nearest parking space then before someone takes the their last fresh lemon for your salat you must find where was the lemon section before because they love change the store again and again . when you get your lemon you have to go to queue to lemons money . 
but when we think about it seriously , shopping is not enjoyable , for example , if you forget something that you need for a salad . you have to go back to the supermarket and find the nearest parking space , then before someone takes the last fresh lemon for your salad , you must find out where is the lemon section the lemon section is , because they love to change the store around again and again . when you get your lemon you have to go to queue to pay for the lemon . 
at it shows shopping is become our dislikes , because of the huge supermarkets . 
as this shows , shopping has become one of our dislikes , because of the huge supermarkets . 
13/6/00
13/6/00
to whom it may concern , 
to whom it may concern , 
i have recently received a letter saying i am a first-prize winner for your competition . i was wonderful news and as you have requested , here is some further information and details . 
i have recently received a letter saying i am the first-prize winner in your competition . it was wonderful news and as you have requested , here is some further information and details . 
i would like to travel in july as it is my summer holiday and is the most convenient time for me . 
i would like to travel in july as it is my summer holiday and is the most convenient time for me . 
at camp california , i would preferably like to stay in a tent as i think it would be more enjoyable . 
at camp california , i would preferably like to stay in a tent as i think it would be more enjoyable . 
the two activities i would like to do are photography and sailing . i think they are a good contrast . i have not done sailing for quite a long time so i might find it difficult but i am looking forward to it . as well as a good exercise , i would also be able to learn something new . i have never done photography before . 
the two activities i would like to do are photography and sailing . i think they are a good contrast . i have not done sailing for quite a long time so i might find it difficult but i am looking forward to it . as well as getting some good exercise , i would also like to be able to learn something new . i have never done photography before . 
i also have some enquiries concerning the trip . i would like to know what the weather would be like at that time of the year so i am able to pack the essential clothings . i would appreciate it if you also advise me on how much money i should take . it is all new for me as i have never been to the usa before . 
i also have some enquiries concerning the trip . i would like to know what the weather is like at that time of the year so i am able to pack the essential clothing . i would appreciate it if you also advised me on how much money i should take . it is all new for me as i have never been to the usa before . 
please send me additional information soon . 
please send me additional information soon . 
thank you for your time and your kind effort . 
thank you for your time and your kind efforts . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
when you think of the word 'shopping' a smile always comes onto your face . shopping is thought of as enjoyable . teenagers go shopping for leisure and to socialize . 
when you think of the word 'shopping' a smile always comes onto your face . shopping is thought of as enjoyable . teenagers go shopping for fun and to socialize . 
there are more than one kind of shopping though and one particular kind is window-shopping . 
there is more than one kind of shopping though and one particular kind is window shopping . 
i would say window shopping is the reason why i have no money now . sometime last month , i was just the same as i am now , with no money . my friend wanted to meet up with me so we made plans to meet up at a high street to go shopping . for me , that was window-shopping . when we went into the first shop , i caught sight of a long black dress . as i had nothing better to do , i tried it on . i fell in love with it . i knew thought that i couldn't get it - not yet anyway . 
i would say window shopping is the reason why i have no money now . sometime last month , i was just the same as i am now , with no money . my friend wanted to meet up with me so we made plans to meet up on a high street to go shopping . for me , that meant window shopping . when we went into the first shop , i caught sight of a long black dress . as i had nothing better to do , i tried it on . i fell in love with it . i knew though that i couldn't get it - not yet anyway . 
i went back everyday just to eye that dress because i just couldn't get over the fact that i had no money . 
i went back every day just to eye that dress because i just couldn't get over the fact that i had no money . 
when i received my monthly pay , i rushed down to the shop and without thinking , bought that dress . i went back to where i was before - with no money ( and a black dress ) all over again . 
when i received my monthly pay , i rushed down to the shop and without thinking , bought that dress . i was back to where i was before - with no money ( and a black dress ) all over again . 
when i think about it now , shopping is not always enjoyable . 
when i think about it now , shopping is not always enjoyable . 
13 , june , 2000
13 , june , 2000
to helen ryan , 
to helen ryan , 
hello , how are you ? i'm fine . thank you for the letter . i got it today and couldn't believe it ! as you asked me for some further information . i will write it down . 
hello , how are you ? i'm fine . thank you for the letter . i got it today and couldn't believe it ! you asked me for some further information . i will write it down . 
i'd like to travel in july and this is the only time i can travel , because i am busy with a school project until the end of june and i am to work in a hospital for the summer holidays in august and september . 
i'd like to travel in july and this is the only time i can travel , because i am busy with a school project until the end of june and i am going to work in a hospital for the summer holidays in august and september . 
for accommodation , i prefer log cabins , because i believe i can meet more people if i stay in log cabins and it's a lot of fun to talk with them . 
for accommodation , i prefer log cabins , because i believe i can meet more people if i stay in log cabins and it's a lot of fun to talk with them . 
i'd like to play tennis and basketball while i am there . i have never played basketball , but i have played tennis for 6 years and i am a good player . 
i'd like to play tennis and basketball while i am there . i have never played basketball , but i have played tennis for 6 years and i am a good player . 
i have never traveled abroad and don't know if i should bring a credit card with me . if you have suggestions , can you write to me again ? 
i have never travelled abroad and don't know if i should bring a credit card with me . if you have suggestions , can you write to me again ? 
thank you again and take care , 
thank you again and take care , 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
13 june , 2000 . 
13 june , 2000 . 
dear kim , 
dear kim , 
hi ! how are you doing ? i'm fine . as you asked me about the concert , i'll write about it today . 
hi ! how are you doing ? i'm fine . as you asked me about the concert , i'll write about it today . 
first of all , we cleared all the seats . there were so many seats that it took long to finish clearing . before the concert started , we sold some snacks and drinks and after that , we stood in front of the audience to prevent them from moving forward . during the concert , all the fans try to get closer to the singers , jumping , shouting and so on and some of them faint when they get to excited . we move them to a safe place so that they won't be kicked or stepped on by other mad fans . 
first of all , we cleared all the seats . there were so many seats that it took a long time to finish clearing . before the concert started , we sold some snacks and drinks and after that , we stood in front of the audience to prevent them from moving forward . during the concert , all the fans try to get closer to the singers , jumping , shouting and so on and some of them faint when they get too excited . we move them to a safe place so that they won't be kicked or stepped on by other mad fans . 
by the time it finished , i was exhausted , but i certainly enjoyed this experience as you can meet many people at a time and what i liked most was that you can see famous stars very close and listen to their live music for free ! 
by the time it finished , i was exhausted , but i certainly enjoyed this experience as you can meet many people at a time and what i liked most was that you can see famous stars very close and listen to their live music for free ! 
have you had an interesting experience ? please write about it in the next letter . 
have you had an interesting experience ? please write about it in the next letter . 
i hope to hear from you soon . 
i hope to hear from you soon . 
yours
yours
dear helen ryan
dear helen ryan
i had received your letter , i am very happy to have won the first price . 
i have received your letter . i am very happy to have won the first prize . 
i would like to go in july after taking my examination at the college in the end of june . so it is impossible for me to go before . 
i would like to go in july after taking my examination at college at the end of june . so it is impossible for me to go earlier . 
i would prefer to stay in a tent to a cabin because it is something i feel mores familia i used to go camping with my family every summer . 
i would prefer to stay in a tent to staying in a cabin . because it is something i feel more familiar with . i used to go camping with my family every summer . 
i am quite good at swimming . i won the first price at the regional championship six years ago . but i think i'd rather do other activities what you show me in your letter like tennis . i have been playing this game with my friends and i like it . 
i am quite good at swimming . i won the first prize at the regional championship six years ago . but i think i'd rather do other activities which you list in your letter , like tennis . i have been playing this game with my friends and i like it . 
i would be please if you give me some more information about the accommodation , and some advices about the cloth ( shal ) i should wear and how much money i should take with me . 
i would be pleased if you could give me some more information about the accommodation , and some advice about the clothing ( shal ) i should wear and how much money i should take with me . 
your faithfully
yours faithfully
shopping is not always enjoyable , even no healthy for your pockets . 
shopping is not always enjoyable . it's not even healthy for your pockets . 
i just wonder how much time we spend shopping at the supermarket or how much time we spend buying cloths . 
i just wonder how much time we spend shopping at the supermarket or how much time we spend buying clothes . 
me for example , i don't particularly like shopping , when i go on my own , it can be bored . 
me , for example , i don't particularly like shopping . when i go on my own , it can be boring . 
my sister loves shopping , she could stay trying clothes on all day in a shop . 
my sister loves shopping . she could stay in a shop all day trying on clothes . 
i am agree that the most of the people enjoy buying cloths , food , something for the house presents . because is something it goes with their culture . 
i agree that most people enjoy buying clothes , food , something for the house , presents etc . because it is something that goes with their culture . 
sometime you can stay all day out just to buy a present for someone , it stard in the morning , and of course you have the breakfast somewhere , and it get later and you still looking for it so you have the lunch , so finaly you spent more money than you thought 
sometimes you can stay out all day just to buy a present for someone . it start starts in the morning , and of course you have breakfast somewhere , and it gets later and you are still looking for it , so you have lunch , and finally you spend more money than you thought you would . 
dear mrs ryan , 
dear mrs ryan , 
i am writing in reply to your letter in which you communicate i have won first prize in your competion . i am glad . thank you very much . now i am answering your questions and then i would like to know further information about travel and accomodation . 
i am writing in reply to your letter in which you tell told me i have won first prize in your competition . i am glad . thank you very much . now i am answering your questions and then i would like to know some further information about travel and accommodation . 
i would like to travel in july because in june i am going to take some exams at university and at the moment i do not know the exact date . i can tell you i am only free in july . 
i would like to travel in july because in june i am going to take some exams at university and at the moment i do not know the exact date . i can tell you i am only free in july . 
i would prefer an accomodation in log cabins because i am not keen on tents and i think that a log cabin is more comfortable than a tent . 
i would prefer an accommodation to stay in a log cabin because i am not keen on tents and i think that a log cabin is more comfortable than a tent . 
as regard as the chance to do two activities while i am at the camp i would like to practise painting and photography . i am a painter in oils from life and my subjects are landscapes , people , animals . i like also taking photographs , for example during my journeys or trips . so when i go back home i can use my best pictures to reproduce them as a painting . 
as regards the chance to do two activities while i am at the camp i would like to do painting and photography . i paint in oils from life and my subjects are landscapes , people , animals . i also like taking photographs , for example during my journeys or trips . so when i go back home i can use my best pictures to reproduce them as a painting . 
would you give me some information about clothes to wear there ? i would like also to know how much money i can bring . looking forward to hearing from you
would you give me some information about me clothes to wear there ? i would also like to know how much money i can bring . looking forward to hearing from you
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
billy esposito
billy esposito
there is somebody who says that 'shopping is not always enjoyable ' and who is happy only when can go shopping . 
there is somebody who says that 'shopping is not always enjoyable , ' and who is happy only when he can go shopping . 
in the first i do not think that shopping is enjoyable when you must do so in a hurry or for duty . if you have to run from one shop to another and always looking at the watch , doing shopping is a terrible activity . 
first i do not think that shopping is enjoyable when you must do it in a hurry or as a duty . if you have to run from one shop to another , always looking at your watch , going shopping is a terrible activity . 
on the other hand if you can walk without anytime problem with a good friend i think that shopping is very enjoyable . for istance , it is funny enter a clothes shop and try on a skirt or a t-shirt although you do not buy anything . 
on the other hand if you can walk around without any time problem with a good friend i think that shopping is very enjoyable . for instance , it is fun to enter a clothes shop and try on a skirt or a t-shirt although you do not buy anything . 
to sum up i enjoy wasting money and buying useful things or not . i often like getting gifts for my relatives and friends . in my opinion , shopping is relaxing above all on saturdays when you have finished a work week and you are expecting a wonderful sunday . 
to sum up i enjoy wasting money whether buying useful things or not . i often like buying gifts for my relatives and friends . in my opinion , shopping is relaxing , above all on saturdays when you have finished a working week and you are expecting a wonderful sunday . 
dear mrs h . ryan
dear mrs h . ryan
i am writing with reference to your letter and i would like to give some information which i have been asked . 
i am writing with reference to your letter and i would like to give you some information which i have been asked for . 
because my course finishes at the end of june and i am going to work for a hotel in august and september , i would like to travel in july . it is the best time for me . 
because my course finishes at the end of june and i am going to work for a hotel in august and september , i would like to travel in july . that is the best time for me . 
as far as accommodation is concern , i would like to say that i prefer to stay in tents . i like staying in tents because when we go on holiday with my friends , we always stay in tents , so i am used to staying in tents . 
as far as accommodation is concerned , i would like to say that i prefer to stay in tents . i like staying in tents because when we go on holiday with my friends , we always stay in tents , so i am used to staying in tents . 
moreover , i have also been asked to choose some activities . i would like to choose basketball and swimming . when i was at school , i have been playing for the school team and i am good at swimming . 
moreover , i have also been asked to choose some activities . i would like to choose basketball and swimming . when i was at school , i played for the school team and i am good at swimming . 
finally , could you let me know what sort of clothes would be better to bring . it would also be useful to know that how much money will be enough to bring . 
finally , could you let me know what sort of clothes would be best to bring . it would also be useful to know how much money to bring . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
to: mr. j . y
to: mr. j . y
head teacher
head teacher
from:
from:
re: short video about daily life at i . s . o . school . 
re: short video about daily life at i . s . o . school . 
findings
findings
i have discussed with my friends and school teachers about this subject . here are some information about daily life at i . s . o . 
i have discussed with my friends and schoolteachers about this subject discussed this subject with my friends and schoolteachers . here is some information about daily life at i . s . o . 
morning lessons: although there are a lot of classes , there is special fce class in which students are being prepared for fce exam . there are special methods and materials for students . 
morning lessons: although there are a lot of classes , there is a special fce class in which students are being prepared for the fce exam . there are special methods and materials for students . 
afternoon lessons: the aim of the afternoon lessons is to be able to give ability in speaking . there are some discussion groups , so students may have discussion on any subject . 
afternoon lessons: the aim of the afternoon lessons is to be able to give ability in speaking . there are some discussion groups , so students may have a discussion on any subject . 
break time: we have a lot of facilities for break time . these are computer , video , and sports . 
break time: we have a lot of facilities for break time . these are computer , video , and sports . 
recommondations 
recommendations 
in my opinion we should choose break time activities . because there are a lot of activities which students take part in . it would be much better for video film . 
in my opinion we should choose break time activities . because there are a lot of activities which students take part in , it would be much better for video . 
dear mrs ryan , 
dear mrs ryan , 
i have just received your letter informing me that i won a two week holiday at camp california , so i am writing to you to indicate my preferences for the travel and the accomodation . 
i have just received your letter informing me that i won a two week holiday at camp california , so i am writing to you to tell you my preferences for the travel and the accommodation . 
i have no particular needs but one: it will be necessary for me to travel in july because my work will keep me very busy in all other months . 
i have no particular needs but one: it will be necessary for me to travel in july because my work will keep me very busy in all the other months . 
about the accomodation , i have no problems , but i would prefer staying in tent , so that the holiday may be more adventurous . 
about the accommodation , i have no problems , but i would prefer staying in a tent , so that the holiday may be more adventurous . 
during the holiday , i would like playing tennis and golf . i can play tennis quite well , but i have never played golf , so , if it is possible , i would like taking lessons with a teacher . 
during the holiday , i would like to play tennis and golf . i can play tennis quite well , but i have never played golf , so , if it is possible , i would like to take lessons with a teacher . 
i would like to know also what i will have to pay with my money and how the climate is at camp california , because i have to decide which clothes to bring . i look forward to your answer . 
i would like to know also what i will have to pay for with my money and how the weather is at camp california , because i have to decide which clothes to bring . i look forward to your reply . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
clara mancini
clara mancini
people often have very different opinions about shopping . most women and girls like it , especially when they want to buy clothes and shoes . a man usually is less interested in shopping , maybe because he frequently has to pay what his wife has bought . 
people often have very different opinions about shopping . most women and girls like it , especially when they want to buy clothes and shoes . a man is usually less interested in shopping , maybe because he frequently has to pay for what his wife has bought . 
in my opinion , shopping can be interesting in big stores , where you can find everything , or in shops which sell something special or strange . on the contrary , i don't like going to shops where you see only common things , and i hate it when there is a lot of crowd . in this case , you have to stay in long queues , you can't walk without being pulled or pushed , and you often have to spend a hour to buy some soap or a packet of biscuits . even if you are with a friend , you can't talk , because of the noise and the confusion , and you may find it difficult also to walk close to each other . 
in my opinion , shopping can be interesting in big stores , where you can find everything , or in shops which sell something special or strange . on the other hand , i don't like going to shops where you see only common things , and i hate it when it is crowded . in this case , you have to stay in long queues , you can't walk without being pulled or pushed , and you often have to spend an hour buying some soap or a packet of biscuits . even if you are with a friend , you can't talk , because of the noise and the confusion , and you may find it difficult also to walk close to each other . 
the better thing to do to skip queues and crowd is not to go shopping on saturdays , but it is not always possible . 
the best thing to do to avoid queues and crowds is not to go shopping on saturdays , but it is not always possible . 
dear helen ryan , 
dear helen ryan , 
i recived your letter and i'm very happy because i didn't expect it , so first of all i want you know that i really fancy going at camp california in the u . s . a during two weeks , and specially because i've never been in this country . 
i received your letter and i'm very happy because i didn't expect it , so first of all i want you to know that i really fancy going to camp california in the u . s . a . for two weeks , especially because i've never been to this country . 
on one hand i would like to travel in july because i'm working in a school and the lessons finish at the end of june so if i could go to this extraordinary opportunity in july it would be better for me because in august i will have to be ready to begin preparing the exams of september . if it is any problem let me know as soon as possible because i'll try to sort it out . 
on the one hand i would like to travel in july because i'm working in a school and the lessons finish at the end of june so if i could take this extraordinary opportunity in july it would be better for me because in august i will have to be ready to begin preparing the exams for september . if it is any problem let me know as soon as possible because i'll try to sort it out . 
on the other hand i think i would rather not sleep in a tent because i had a bad experience once and i would like to try log cabins . although it wouldn't be a problem if i finally have to sleep in a tent . 
on the other hand i think i would rather not sleep in a tent because i had a bad experience once and i would like to try log cabins . although it wouldn't be a problem if i finally had to sleep in a tent . 
another point is that i have already chose two activities that you asked me while i am at the camp and are basketball and golf , they are the best for me because i think i am good at both and i used to play them before . 
another point is that i have already chosen two activities that you asked me while i am at the camp and they are basketball and golf . they are the best activities for me because i think i am good at both and i used to play them before . 
finally i want to find out about if is any supermarket near the camping and if there are any facilities in washing my clotches into the camp . 
finally i want to find out if there is a supermarket near the campsite and if there are any facilities for washing my clothes on the camp . 
i look forward to reciving a reply from you . 
i look forward to receiving a reply from you . 
dear kim , 
dear kim , 
last month i had the most exciting experience in my life , as you know i was helping at the pop concert and it was amazing ! 
last month i had the most exciting experience in my life . as you know , i was helping at the pop concert and it was amazing ! 
the concert was in the university in the middle of the field and at the begining when we arrived there weren't many people , only those who had to prepare the stage and the sound and of course us who had the job of serving drinks during the concert . 
the concert was in the university in the middle of the field and at the beginning when we arrived there weren't many people , only those who had to prepare the stage and the sound system and of course us , who had the job of serving drinks during the concert . 
we arrived quite soon because we had to organise how we went to serve people did with which order , so we started putting all the stuff in appropiate place . 
we arrived quite early because we had to work out how we were going to serve people did with which order , so we started putting all the stuff in the appropriate place . 
i was very nervous because i'd never been in a concert before and an hour before everything stated the singer and the musicians were there and i couldn't avoid it and i started crying - you can imagine , they were so handsome that i couldn't belive it - i tried to calm down because i had to work , and later i began feeling more comfortable and when the concert started everything was such exciting that the time ran very fast - although i was working - and it was like a dream . 
i was very nervous because i'd never been to a concert before and an hour before everything started the singer and the musicians were there and i couldn't help it and i started crying - you can imagine , they were so handsome that i couldn't believe it - i tried to calm down because i had to work , and later i began to feel more comfortable and when the concert started everything was so exciting that the time went very fast - although i was working - and it was like a dream . 
well i think i'm going to remember it all my life and i'm sure that if you had been there you would have enjoyed very much . 
well i think i'm going to remember it all my life and i'm sure that if you had been there you would have enjoyed it very much . 
see you soon . 
see you soon . 
best wishes . 
best wishes . 
dear mr. ryan , 
dear mr. ryan , 
in reference to your letter dated 28 may i would like to thank you for informing me about the competition result . i am very glad to hear that i am the wonner of the competition organised by your company last month . it is very pleased to know that i have a chance to spend two weeks at camp california in the usa , where i have never been before . 
in reference to your letter dated 28 may i would like to thank you for informing me about the competition result . i am very glad to hear that i am the winner of the competition organised by your company last month . it is very pleasing to know that i have a chance to spend two weeks at camp california in the usa , where i have never been before . 
according to your requirements i would like to answer your questions regarding travel time , accommodation's preferences and activities which i like to do . answering the first question - i would like to travel in july . the reason is i am working for the telecommunication company as a marketing specialist and we are preparing for the biggest telecommunication fair in the world which is taking place in september . we will be working on this whole august so the only one vacation month i can go is july . 
according to your requirements i would like to answer your questions regarding travel time , accommodation preferences and activities which i like to do . answering the first question - i would like to travel in july . the reason is i am working for the telecommunication company as a marketing specialist and we are preparing for the biggest telecommunication fair in the world which is taking place in september . we will be working on this for the whole of august so the only one vacation month i can go is july . 
concerning the accommodation - please be informed that i would prefer the log cabin as in the meantime i should work on my laptop , preparing some financial reports so the electricity will be needed . i think that the log cabin will be more comfortable at all . regarding two activities - i have choosen tennis and photography . i just started to play tennis that is why i think it would be a possibility to practise and check my skills . photography is my hobby . 
concerning the accommodation - please be informed that i would prefer the log cabin as in the meantime i should work on my laptop , preparing some financial reports so electricity will be needed . i think that the log cabin will be more comfortable over all . regarding two activities - i have chosen tennis and photography . i just started to play tennis . that is why i think it would be a possibility to practise and check my skills . photography is my hobby . 
shopping is not always enjoyable . 
shopping is not always enjoyable . 
people like doing shopping ( aspecially in poland , where many new and modern supermarkets have been opened ) ladies prefer to visit underwear shops or departments in huge hipermarkets and men are happy when they can buy something new for their cars , motors or computers . people all over the world like going to do shopping with friends of families ( it's easier to choose the really needed things for kitchen or bathroom , to get something tasty for dinner , lunch or breakfast ) . 
people like doing shopping ( especially in poland , where many new and modern supermarkets have been opened ) ladies prefer to visit underwear shops or departments in huge hypermarkets and men are happy when they can buy something new for their cars , motorbikes or computers . people all over the world like going to do shopping with friends of family ( it's easier to choose the really needed things for kitchen or bathroom , to get something tasty for dinner , lunch or breakfast ) . 
but some people don't like doing shopping at all . the reasons are; distance , lack of car , crowded streets , traffic on the way to the shop . they can say , , shopping is not enjoyable'' because they prefer to order clothes and food in catalogues or in the pizza hut restaurant situated on the corner . they are too lazy for walking and looking for something nice for birthday present or flowers for girl-friends . on the other hand - it's very comfortable to seat at home , call and wait for the order realisation . people , who don't like shopping have their own reasons of this situations ( maybe they had an accident with a rude shop-assistance , bought not fresh food one day and do not want to do that any more , had bad experience with other people in shops ) . they don't like shopping either because of the weather ( sometimes it's too hot or too cold for going outside ) . 
but some people don't like doing shopping at all . the reasons are; distance , lack of car , crowded streets , traffic on the way to the shop . they can say , , shopping is not enjoyable'' because they prefer to order clothes and food from catalogues or in the pizza hut restaurant situated on the corner . they are too lazy for walking and looking for something nice for a birthday present or flowers for girlfriends . on the other hand - it's very comfortable to sit at home , call and wait for the order . people who don't like shopping have their own reasons for this situation ( maybe they had an accident with a rude shop assistant , bought not fresh food one day and do not want to do that any more , had a bad experience with other people in shops ) . they don't like shopping either because of the weather ( sometimes it's too hot or too cold for going outside ) . 
anyhow everybody shoud do shopping as people need to eat , need clothes and many other important things to live . even if the shopping is not always enjoyable people have to buy things ( and spend money ) . 
anyway everybody should do shopping as people need to eat , need clothes and many other important things to live . even if the shopping is not always enjoyable people have to buy things ( and spend money ) . 
but every individual can choose the way how to do it . it absolutely depends on a life-style , personality and needs . 
but every individual can choose the way to do it . it absolutely depends on lifestyle , personality and needs . 
dear helen ryan
dear helen ryan
thank you for your letter . i'd like to go on holiday for two weeks at camp california in the u . s . a . i can go only on july because i'm a student . it's summer holiday during that time . i want to know if it is avaliabile during that time . 
thank you for your letter . i'd like to go on holiday for two weeks at camp california in the u . s . a . i can go only in july because i'm a student . it's summer holiday at that time . i want to know if it is available at that time . 
first of all i would be pleased if the accommodation is in log cabin because i'm afraid of insects and it's wet in the tent . it'll make me like at the village . 
first of all , i would be pleased if the accommodation was in a log cabin because i'm afraid of insects and it's wet in the tent . it'll make me like the village . 
i like painting , and once i won first prize in the university competition . i think i'll have chance to draw the pictures , and i'll show my friends who have never been there before . another activities i would prefer is sailing . my father was a sailor when i was child . i was draged to learn sailing . i'm good at it . it would be exciting . 
i like painting , and once i won first prize in the university competition . i think i'll have a chance to draw some pictures , and i'll show them to my friends who have never been there before . the other activity i would prefer is sailing . my father was a sailor when i was child . i was dragged into learning sailing . i'm good at it . it would be exciting . 
fathermore i would like to ask you which kind clothes i need to take and how much money i'll spend . 
furthermore , i would like to ask you which kind of clothes i need to take and how much money i'll spend . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
recently we have a class discussion about shopping . all of the students agree with that shopping is not always enjoyable . 
recently we had a class discussion about shopping . all of the students agree that shopping is not always enjoyable . 
women always enjoy shopping . but a lot of incovenients anoy them . so they said they do not always enjoy shopping . first of all the car parking is not convinent and expensive . sometimes you can't find a place to park your car . sometimes you have to park your car in a futher place then walk to the supermarket . 
women always enjoy shopping . but a lot of inconveniences annoy them . so they said they do not always enjoy shopping . first of all the parking is not convenient and is expensive . sometimes you can't find a place to park your car . sometimes you have to park your car in a further place then walk to the supermarket . 
futhermore when you look aroud the supermarket , you can't easyly find the goods which you want to buy . it's very confusing without right singho . sometimes you get lost in the supermarket . 
furthermore , when you look around the supermarket , you can't easily find the goods which you want to buy . it's very confusing without the right signs . sometimes you get lost in the supermarket . 
otherwise men always don't like shopping , while their wives are doing shopping they sit in the car or read newspaper . they would be happy if there are sports and leisure facilities in the supermarket . they'll change their mind . instead of hating shopping they will enjoying shopping . 
additionally , men never like shopping . while their wives are doing the shopping they sit in the car or read a newspaper . they would be happy if there were sports and leisure facilities in the supermarket . then they'll then they'd change their mind . instead of hating shopping they would enjoy shopping . 
in my opinion nowadays shopping is not always enjoyable . 
in my opinion , nowadays , shopping is not always enjoyable . 
i have just received your letter and , firstly , i would like to thank you about good news . i will give you the information which you asked me in your letter and also will ask you some questions . 
i have just received your letter and , firstly , i would like to thank you for this good news . i will give you the information which you asked me for in your letter and also i will ask you some questions . 
as i understand is very imortant to confirm the date of travelling . i would rather choose july because it is only one month when i have got holiday , long enough to spend it by travelling abroad . 
as i understand , it is very important to confirm the date of my trip . i would rather choose july because it is the only month when i have got holiday long enough to spend it travelling abroad . 
now about accomodation . if it is possible i would prefer to stay in tent . as i am young i would like to be a romantic person and to be closer to the nature . i think it will be the best way to understand what california means . 
now about accommodation . if it is possible i would prefer to stay in a tent . as i am young i would like to be a romantic person and to be closer to nature . i think it will be the best way to understand what california means . 
ansering to your question about activities , i am going to choose tennis and swimming . i am quite good in tennis , especially plaing in two pairs . also i like swimming and i've got two year experience in teaching swimming in lesure centre . 
answering to answer your question about activities , i am going to choose tennis and swimming . i am quite good at tennis , especially playing doubles . also i like swimming and i've got two years years' experience of teaching swimming at a leisure centre . 
could i ask you some questions about clothes and money . should i take some clothes for cold weather ? the last question - could you tell me some idea about how much money could i need . 
could i ask you some questions about clothes and money ? should i take some clothes for the cold weather ? the last question - could you give me some idea about how much money will i i will need . 
your sincerely
yours sincerely
shopping is not always enjoyable . 
shopping is not always enjoyable . 
as a women , as a mother and , finally , as an ordinary person , i am doing shopping quite often . do i enjoy it ? if i told you " yes " or " no " , i'd tell you nothing . 
as a woman , as a mother and , finally , as an ordinary person , i am going go shopping quite often . do i enjoy it ? if i told you " yes " or " no " , i'd tell you nothing . 
shopping is part of my life . sometimes i hate it . i can't be concentrate in a shop , but i can't relaxe as well . i am looking on the shelfs but i'm not able to find anything from my shopping list . everybody are pushing me and i think that i came in a wrong place . 
shopping is part of my life . sometimes i hate it . i can't concentrate in a shop , and i can't relax either . i am looking on the shelves but i'm not able to find anything from my shopping list . everybody is pushing me and i think that i came to the wrong place . 
on the other hand , i understand very well that it is really nesseceraly . i also understand that nobody will do that at my place . however , everybody in my family will open their mouths and won't just ask to eat , they will ask me something special and testy . 
on the other hand , i understand very well that it is really necessary . i also understand that nobody will do that in my place . however , everybody in my family will open their mouths and won't just ask to eat , they will ask me for something special and tasty . 
to be honest , sometimes i like shopping . i think it is an opportunity to meet different people ( even if they are pushing you ) , to understand what they like and what they don't , because even some kind of food could be in fashing . when i am with my children i can lean them reading , counting , if they only don't run away from me to educate themself in the huge world , which name is " shopping " . 
to be honest , sometimes i like shopping . i think it is an opportunity to meet different people ( even if they are pushing you ) , to understand what they like and what they don't , because even some kinds of food can be in fashion . when i am with my children i can learn teach them to read , to count only if they don't run away from me to educate themselves in the huge world , the name of which is " shopping " . 
dear competition organiser:
dear competition organiser:
i'm so happy and exciting to receive this letter about i've won the first prize in your competition . 
i'm so happy and excited to receive this letter about the fact that i've won the first prize in your competition . 
i've been dreaming to travel to u . s . a for so many years . the dream happens to me now . so i shall think about it carefully and make everything ready ! 
i've been dreaming of travelling to the u . s . a for so many years . the dream is happening to me now . so i shall think about it carefully and make everything ready ! 
i would like to travel in july because i have to go back to my country in auguest . and i'm sure about that the weather in july will be lovely ! 
i would like to travel in july because i have to go back to my country in august . and i'm sure that the weather in july will be lovely ! 
i prefer living in tents to living in log cabins . i think living in tents is more comfortable for sleeping . also i am not very keen on sleeping with too many people in the same place . 
i prefer staying in tents to staying in log cabins . i think staying in tents is more comfortable for sleeping . also i am not very keen on sleeping with too many people in the same place . 
basket ball is my favourite sporting . it's one of the most popular sports in u . s . a as well in my opinion . and i was school-team player when i was in high school . so i am good at it . the other thing i would like to do is sailing . but i never try it before . i just think it will be exciting and interesting for me . maybe i can't manage it ! 
basketball is my favourite sport . it's one of the most popular sports in the u . s . a as well in my opinion . and i was school-team player when i was in high school . so i am good at it . the other thing i would like to do is sailing . but i have never tried it before . i just think it will be exciting and interesting for me . maybe i can't manage it ! 
also i got two questions to ask you . the first one is that shall i take a lot of money or just a little ? and the last one is that do i need pillow or blanket or something else ? i hope that i will enjoy my journey ! 
also i have two questions to ask you . the first one is , should i take a lot of money or just a little ? and the last one is , do i need pillow or blanket or something else ? i hope that i will enjoy my journey ! 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
shopping is not always enjoyable
shopping is not always enjoyable
more and more people like shopping now . you can see so many people walk along the business street every day and any time , especially in oxford street . sometimes shopping can relax people and increase people's working express . but is it always enjoyable ? 
more and more people like shopping now . you can see so many people walk along the business street every day and any time , especially in oxford street . sometimes shopping can relax people and increase people's working speed . but is it always enjoyable ? 
of course not . the most obvious example is that when you're shopping in the shop you're not sure which one you are going to buy , you turn to the people who sell them , but they sometimes ignore you . so you like them but you don't want them any more . it makes you angry ! 
of course not . the most obvious example is that when you're shopping in the shop you're not sure which one you are going to buy , you turn to the people who sell them , but they sometimes ignore you . so you like them but you don't want them any more . it makes you angry ! 
also for example . you really like some shoes or clothes , when you want to buy them , someone tell you " i'm sorry , this one is sold out " ! what a pity ! you become unhappy immediately . 
also , for example , you really like some shoes or clothes , when you want to buy them , someone tells you " i'm sorry , this one is sold out " ! what a pity ! you become unhappy immediately . 
and sometimes for example , you just bought something last week , but when you go shopping this week , you see the same items but different prices , maybe from 50 down to 20 , and then you'll regret wasting money , although you like it very much . if you were rich man it doesn't mater , but if you were poor man , you will be sad ! how can shopping be enjoyable at thoese situation ! 
and sometimes , for example , you just bought something last week , but when you go shopping this week , you see the same items but different prices , maybe from 50 down to 20 , and then you'll regret wasting money , although you like it very much . if you are a rich man it doesn't mater , but if you are a poor man , you will be sad ! how can shopping be enjoyable in this situation ! 
so i think shopping is not always enjoyable ! 
so i think shopping is not always enjoyable ! 
dear helen , 
dear helen , 
thanks you very much for your recent letter . i can not believe that i won the first prize ( it's great ! ) and of course , i am very happy . 
thank you very much for your recent letter . i cannot believe that i won the first prize ( it's great ! ) and , of course , i am very happy . 
as your questions , i am free to travel only on july because i will having my holiday after finished the exams . and , i have to returned to my university by august . 
as for your questions , i am free to travel only in july because i will have my holiday after finishing the exams . and , i have to return to my university by august . 
i prefer to stay in log cabin rather than in tent because i am not used to with narrow space and feel more comfortable with a place like bedroom . 
i prefer to stay in a log cabin rather than in a tent because i am not used to narrow spaces and feel more comfortable with a place like a bedroom . 
furthermore , i prefer to do painting and photography as my hobbies and my fasinative in art and enjoyed to take a photograph of wildlife . 
furthermore , i prefer to do painting and photography as my hobbies and my fascination for art and enjoy taking photographs of wildlife . 
finally , please could you give me an idea what sort of clothes to bring ? and how much would be spend there . also , please advice for any necessary things to prepare and bring . 
finally , please could you give me an idea what sort of clothes to bring ? and how much will i spend there ? also , please advise me regarding any things it is necessary to prepare and bring . 
i looking forward to hearing from you soon . 
i look forward to hearing from you soon . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
dear kim , 
dear kim , 
sorry for i haven't written to you for such a long time , but i've got a good excute ! 
sorry i haven't written to you for such a long time , but i've got a good excuse ! 
last month , i was partly in the concert teams . it was a big one that i never thougth and i couldn't imagine how amazing was it . 
last month , i was partly in the concert teams . it was a big one that i never thought and i couldn't have imagined how amazing it was . 
i didn't know what is my responsible until they called me to trained . what a surprised ! and unbelieveable , i was responsible for looking after the pop stars . you might understand how excited i was . but , i've got though it . i have to taken care of them during a break , served a drink , clothes , even brought them some cigaratte and anything they wants . i think they are so hospitality and warm with people around them . you know ! because of these are change all my opinions about self-important behavior of superstar . 
i didn't know what was my responsibility until they called me to be trained . what a surprise ! and unbelievable unbelievably , i was responsible for looking after the pop stars . you might understand how excited i was . but , i got through it . i had to take care of them during the break , serving drinks , clothes , i even brought them some cigarette cigarettes and anything they wanted . i think they are so hospitable and warm with people around them . you know , because of this have changed all my opinions about the self-important behaviour of superstars all my opinions about the self-important behaviour of superstars have changed . 
the most appreciated was they've given me their latate cd with signature . marvellous thing ! and of couse as you have seen it i've given one to you . 
what i most appreciated was that they gave me their latest cd with their signatures . marvellous thing ! and of course , as you have seen , i've given one to you . 
i hope you're well and enjoyed with cd and don't forget to write back all about your news during my summer holiday job . 
i hope you're well and enjoyed the cd and don't forget to write back all about your news from during your summer holiday job . 
love , 
love , 
13 of june , 2000
13 of june , 2000
dear helen
dear helen
i am really happy to receive letter about camp california from you . i am exciting and looking forward to doing camp there . 
i am really happy to receive a letter about camp california from you . i am excited and looking forward to camping there . 
i would like to travel in july because i have an important exam in september . plus , it may be lovely weather at that time in u . s . a . 
i would like to travel in july because i have an important exam in september . plus , it may be lovely weather at that time in the u . s . a . 
i would prefer log cabins . to tell the truth , i want to stay in both , but i have never stayed in log cabins before , so i would try new style for me ! 
i would prefer log cabins . to tell the truth , i want to stay in both , but i have never stayed in log cabins before , so i want to try a new style for me ! 
i would like to choose singing and tennis . i used to go to karaoke with my meats in japan as i really like to do that , anytime . on the other hand , i have played tennis for nearly 7 years and it is also one of my hobbies . 
i would like to choose singing and tennis . i used to go to karaoke with my mates friends in japan as i really like to do that , anytime . on the other hand , i have played tennis for nearly 7 years and it is also one of my hobbies . 
if possible , could you please let me know information about the way of getting there , e . g . airport information ? ? 
if possible , could you please let me know information about the way of getting there , e . g . airport information ? ? 
thank you very much . 
thank you very much . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
dear kim
dear kim
hello , kim ! it's been ages to write letters to you . how was your exam ? i believe it went well ! 
hello , kim ! it's been ages to write letters to you . how was your exam ? i believe it went well ! 
by the way , last month i was in that pop concert which you mentioned in your last letters . can you believe it ? actually i helped and support to sell tickets at the reception . i've sold tickets before but not in that kind of big pop concert . before it was packed into by audience , we had to clean around the reception , but totally it was really exciting although i was just a staff in the small reception , because i felt great excitement ( especially girls ! ) from people queing . 
by the way , last month i was in that pop concert which you mentioned in your last letters . can you believe it ? actually , i helped to sell tickets at the reception . i've sold tickets before but not in that kind of big pop concert . before it was packed into by the audience , we had to clean around the reception , but totally it was really exciting although i was just a member of staff in the small reception , because i felt great excitement ( especially girls ! ) from people queueing . 
i liked that especially . i don't like to tidy up , you know ! ! i like to face people whom even i don't know . foremost , after finishing my work , i could meet singers by chance ! ! 
i liked that especially . i don't like to tidy up , you know ! ! i like to face people whom i don't even know . foremost , after finishing my work , i could meet singers by chance ! ! 
that night was brilliant and class ! 
that night was brilliant and class ! 
i keep that in my mind , ever ! 
i keep that in my mind , for ever ! 
anyway , hope to hear from you shortly . 
anyway , hope to hear from you shortly . 
see you . 
see you . 
love
love
from
from
dear helen ryan , 
dear helen ryan , 
i'm writing to you with regard to the letter i've just received as i wish to give you some further information about myself . 
i'm writing to you with regard to the letter i've just received as i wish to give you some further information about myself . 
i would rather travel on july because i'm not as busy as on june or august and because in my opinion during july there's excellent weather . 
i would rather travel in july because i'm not as busy as in june or august and because in my opinion during july there's excellent weather . 
regarding the accommodation i would prefer a log cabin because in my opinion tents are very uncomfortable to sleep and they aren't very cozy . 
regarding the accommodation , i would prefer a log cabin because in my opinion tents are very uncomfortable to sleep in and they aren't very cosy . 
regarding the activities i've chosen swimming as i'm very keen on it and i'm fairly good at it , but i expect the water to be as crystal clear . i've also chosen singing . i'm an awful singer , but i would like to learn . 
regarding the activities , i've chosen swimming as i'm very keen on it and i'm fairly good at it , and i expect the water to be crystal clear . i've also chosen singing . i'm an awful singer , but i would like to learn . 
i would like to ask you for vegetarian food for me as i am a very extrict vegan , and to suggest me what kind of clothes to bring . 
i would like to ask you for vegetarian food for me as i am a very strict vegan , and to suggest what kind of clothes to bring . 
i'm really looking forward to my stay at camp california and to your response in this regard . 
i'm really looking forward to my stay at camp california and to your reply . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
nuria
nuria
valverde . 
valverde . 
have you ever asked yourself which lessons or activities should be filmed in the school video ? well , i've just polled some students and here are their responses . 
have you ever asked yourself which lessons or activities should be filmed in the school video ? well , i've just polled some students and here are their responses . 
70% of students think we should film the speech and drama lesson because is one of the lessons they enjoy the most . 
70% of students think we should film the speech and drama lesson because it is one of the lessons they enjoy the most . 
the vast majority say maths and history should be filmed too , because they love these subjects and think they are very interesting and are also great fun . 
the vast majority say maths and history should be filmed too , because they love these subjects and think they are very interesting and are also great fun . 
60% of students say breaks should be filmed too , because they want to show in the video they can also have fun at school . 
60% of students say breaks should be filmed too , because they want to show in the video that they can also have fun at school . 
most of them said science , english and literature shouldn't be filmed because they are not very interesting and are also very boring . 
most of them said science , english and literature shouldn't be filmed because they are not very interesting and are very boring . 
in my opinion i think basketball should be filmed too because is one of the activities the students are very keen on doing and they usually enjoy it . 
in my opinion i think basketball should be filmed too because it is one of the activities the students are very keen on doing and they usually enjoy it . 
but i don't think we should film breaks , because in my opinion everyone knows how breaks are and what students do during them . 
but i don't think we should film breaks , because in my opinion everyone knows what breaks are like and what students do during them . 
in a nutchel i think maths , basketball , speech and drama , and history should be filmed . 
in a nutshell i think maths , basketball , speech and drama , and history should be filmed . 
nuria valverde . 
nuria valverde . 
dear madam , 
dear madam , 
i have just received your letter and i am glad to be the winner . firsty , i would like to thank you warmly for this great prize . here are some information and details you requested:
i have just received your letter and i am glad to be the winner . firstly , i would like to thank you warmly for this great prize . here is some of the information and details you requested:
concerning the dates of the stay , i will only be able to come during the first two weeks of july , because i am starting a new job on july 15th . 
concerning the dates of the stay , i will only be able to come during the first two weeks of july , because i am starting a new job on july 15th . 
since i have some serious back problems , i would prefer a cabin for sleeping . 
since i have some serious back problems , i would prefer a cabin to sleep in to sleep in a cabin . 
about your activities , i have picked basketball , because i love it: i am a player in a local club and i have been playing for twelve years , so i guess i am a " good " player . i have also chosen photography in your list : that part of california must be beautiful and i would love bringing some " well-taken " photos of the area . 
regarding your activities , i have picked basketball , because i love it: i play in a local club and i have been playing for twelve years , so i guess i am a " good " player . i have also chosen photography from your list . that part of california must be beautiful and i would love to bring home some " well-taken " photos of the area . 
lastly i need to know if all meals are included in your package . 
lastly i need to know if all meals are included in your package . 
i am looking forward to joining you at camp california 
i am looking forward to joining you at camp california . 
yours faithfully 
yours faithfully , 
zacharie gibson
zacharie gibson
we decided to make a short film about our school being seen and showed through the eyes of an imaginary student . it will be called " a day in the life of the mysterious student x . " it will be shot just as if the viewers were student x , not seeing him but being him . he will have breakfast , take a shower , get dressed , etc . . . so viewers will . 
we decided to make a short film about our school as it would be seen through the eyes of an imaginary student . it will be called " a day in the life of the mysterious student x . " it will be shot just as if the viewers were student x , not seeing him but being him . he will have breakfast , take a shower , get dressed , etc - so the viewers will will the viewers . 
student x will meet friends on his way to school and start talking with them . actually one of us will hold the camera while another will stand next to him , as the " voice " of x . 
student x will meet friends on his way to school and start talking with them . actually one of us will hold the camera while another will stand next to him , as the " voice " of x . 
at school we want to show " sights and sounds " from all lessons ( about 5 minutes each ) . student x will answer questions , speak with his classmates , even cheat at an exam ! during the chemistry and biology classes , " we " will make experiences . of course we will also show other activities such as pe the lunch break and the theater workshop . 
at school we want to show " sights and sounds " from all the lessons ( about 5 minutes each ) . student x will answer questions , speak with his classmates , even cheat at an exam ! during the chemistry and biology classes , " we " will carry out experiments . of course we will also show other activities , such as pe , the lunch break and the theatre workshop . 
the main purpose is to show the " real " life of an unreal student . therefore we want this film to be informative and funny as well . 
the main purpose is to show the " real " life of an unreal student . therefore we want this film to be informative and funny as well . 
we expect to show our production during the graduation party . 
we expect to show our finished product during the graduation party . 
dr mrs ryan , 
dr mrs ryan , 
with replay on your letter , i would like to say that i was really pleased with the first prize . it was the real surprise for me . 
in reply to your letter , i would like to say that i was really pleased with the first prize . it was a real surprise for me . 
i would like to travel just in july , because i am going to study at my university untill the end of june . i hope it will not be any problem for you . 
i would like to travel only in july , because i am going to study at my university until the end of june . i hope it will not be any problem for you . 
i am glad that all accommodation and travel costs have been paid . i would prefer to live in the tent cabin , i think it is more comfortable . 
i am glad that all accommodation and travel costs have been paid . i would prefer to stay in a cabin , i think it is more comfortable . 
i see people who run the camp are very good in organize a social life of their guests . i have a lot of posibilities for spending my spare time . the climbing and the painting are preferred by me the most . generally i paint some landscapes by using the watercolours , but sometimes i try to paint like during the impresionist by using blobs , oil paint and canvases . 
i see people who run the camp are very good at organizing the social life of their guests . i have a lot of possibilities for spending my spare time . the climbing and the painting are preferred by me the most . generally i paint some landscapes by using watercolours , but sometimes i try to paint like during the impressionist era by using blobs , oil paint and canvases . 
at the end i would like to ask what kind of clothes i have to take with me and how much money i will need for the normal life at the camp . 
finally i would like to ask what kind of clothes i have to take with me and how much money i will need for the normal life at the camp . 
i am looking to hearing from you soon . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you soon . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
report on making a interesting video film
report on making an interesting video film
the aim of this report is to suggest which lessons and other activities should be place at video film about daily life at our school . 
the aim of this report is to suggest which lessons and other activities should be shown in the video film about daily life at our school . 
in order to preper it i visited some clasrooms during the lessons and i interviewed a number of students from our school . 
in order to prepare it i visited some classrooms during the lessons and i interviewed a number of students from our school . 
some of the teachers are very good just profesionalists . their lessons are valuable , rich in knowledge and funy . for example , the teacher of history and polish language is able to interest students about the subject in differents ways . 
some of the teachers are very good professionals . their lessons are valuable , rich in knowledge and funny . for example , the teacher of history and polish language is able to interest students in the subject in different ways . 
according to students' oppinions the most popular activities are the basketball , tennis , swimming and as well the photography group and the painting team . it is surprising that 45 per cent of the students questioned frequent one of this sport's group and 30 per cent of people go to the photography group . 
according to students' opinions , the most popular activities are basketball , tennis , swimming and also the photography group and the painting team . it is surprising that 45 per cent of the students questioned frequent one of these sports groups and 30 per cent of people go to the photography group . 
on the whole our school have a lot of different possibilities for the students what we can show on our film . it can maks the video more interesting . i recommend to show our teacher of history . it can show that during every day we have a big fun and we recived a good , important knowledge . 
on the whole our school has a lot of different possibilities for the students that we can show in our film . it could make the video more interesting . i recommend showing our history teacher . it will show that during every day we have great fun and we received receive good , important knowledge . 
if we take under an attention this things our film is going to be very interesting
if we take under an attention these things our film is going to be very interesting
dear sir/madam , 
dear sir/madam , 
i have received your letter and i would like to reply for it . 
i have received your letter and i would like to reply to it . 
to begin with , i can join the camp only in july . my school starts a summer holyday from 1st july and i am going to take a summer course from august . therefore , i would like to travel in the middle of july . i also would like to prefer log cabins for accommodation . it seems more comfortable than tents . 
to begin with , i can join the camp only in july . my school starts a summer holiday from 1st july and i am going to take a summer course from august . therefore , i would like to travel in the middle of july . i also would prefer log cabins for accommodation . it seems more comfortable than tents . 
secondly , i would like to choose swimming and tennis for activities . i have been belonging to a swimming club and i got second prize in a competition last summer . i am good at tennis as well as swimming . 
secondly , i would like to choose swimming and tennis as activities . i belonged to a swimming club and i got second prize in a competition last summer . i am good at tennis as well as swimming . 
finally , i would like to ask you about clothes and money . what short of clothes should i prepare ? according to your letter , all travel costs are included in your service , however , how much pocket money do i need ? 
finally , i would like to ask you about clothes and money . what sort of clothes should i pack ? according to your letter , all travel costs are included in your service , however , how much pocket money do i need ? 
i would be grateful if you would give me more information . 
i would be grateful if you would give me more information . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours faithfully , 
yours faithfully , 
rie tanizaki
rie tanizaki
shopping is not always enjoyable . 
shopping is not always enjoyable . 
most people like shopping . especially it is one of the hobbies for women . basically , shopping is fun , but is it always enjoyable ? 
most people like shopping . it is one of the hobbies for women especially . basically , shopping is fun , but is it always enjoyable ? 
there are some advantages when people go shopping . they can refresh , reduce ther stress and they are happy when they find the thing which they wanted . moreover , if they buy some nice things at sale , they must be very satisfied . 
there are some advantages when people go shopping . they can relax , reduce their stress and they are happy when they find the thing which they wanted . moreover , if they buy some nice things at a sale , they must be very satisfied . 
however , shopping sometimes make them stressfull . people often waste money for unvaluable things . then , they really regret it . on the other hand , after they buy something , they find a better one . in addition , a shop assistant gives them a wrong advice . 
however , shopping sometimes makes them stressful stressed . people often waste money on worthless things . then , they really regret it . on the other hand , after they buy something , they find a better one . in addition , a shop assistant gives them wrong advice . 
to sum up , there are many disadvantages as well as advantages . if people want to enjoy shopping , we must consider before buy something - do i really want it ? i also recommend a window shopping . it is the best way to enjoy shopping . you do not have to waste money at all . 
to sum up , there are many disadvantages as well as advantages . if people want to enjoy shopping , they must consider before buying something - do i really want it ? i also recommend window shopping . it is the best way to enjoy shopping . you do not have to waste money at all . 
dear sir or madam , 
dear sir or madam , 
i am writing to say how happy i am to be able to take part of " camp california in the usa " . i would like to inform you that i am able to go there only in july . i am finishing my study in june , then i have a month off ( july ) and on august 1st i am starting a new job . 
i am writing to say how happy i am to be able to take part in " camp california in the usa " . i would like to inform you that i am able to go there only in july . i am finishing my studies in june , then i have a month off ( july ) and on august 1st i am starting a new job . 
i would prefer to live in a tent during your camp . i have always dreamt about sleeping in a tent , in sleeping bags , but my parent always took me to expensive hotels , so it would be a nice adventure for me . 
i would prefer to stay in a tent during your camp . i have always dreamt about sleeping in a tent , in sleeping bags , but my parents always took me to expensive hotels , so it would be a nice adventure for me . 
during the camp i would like to pratise my swimming ( i have attended swimming lessons for 3 years ) and also i would like to learn how to do some good photos . ( i have no experience ! ) 
during the camp i would like to practise my swimming ( i have attended swimming lessons for 3 years ) and also i would like to learn how to take some good photos . ( i have no experience ! ) 
i would be really glad if you could tell me something about clothes i should bring with me . ( do i need any special garments ? ) and could you tell me please , if i need some extra money to pay for anything like trips or photo-paper . 
i would be really glad if you could tell me something about clothes i should bring with me . ( do i need any special garments ? ) and could you tell me please , if i need some extra money to pay for anything like trips or photo-paper . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you
i am looking forward to hearing from you
yours faithfully , 
yours faithfully , 
shopping could be fun ! sometimes i like doing it during long sundays . i like going between colourful shelfs and picking some nice things for dinner or for decorating our house with . i love talking with my mum during shopping , meeting new people or old friends . 
shopping could be fun ! sometimes i like doing it during long sundays . i like going between colourful shelves and picking some nice things for dinner or for decorating our house with . i love talking with my mum during shopping , meeting new people or old friends . 
sometimes unfortunatelly shopping could be very annoying , especially at christmast or easter time . then , all shops and supermarkets are crowded . people are trying to buy as many things as they can , and everyone wants to be first to the check-out - you have to wait ages to get there ! people are pushing each other , they are not as kind as usually . you have to be more careful and hold your bag tightly because this is a good period for all thieves ( they know they can steal something without having been seen ! ) at christmas or easter time all shops have usually an unpleasant smell ( because of the crowd ) and are very noisy ! 
sometimes , unfortunately shopping can be very annoying , especially at christmas or easter time . then , all shops and supermarkets are crowded . people are trying to buy as many things as they can , and everyone wants to be first to the check-out - you have to wait ages to get there ! people are pushing each other , they are not as kind as usual . you have to be more careful and hold your bag tightly because this is a good period for all thieves ( they know they can steal something without having been seen ! ) at christmas or easter time all shops usually have an unpleasant smell ( because of the crowd ) and are very noisy ! 
another period when i don't like doing shopping is when there is a huge sale ! i always go absolutely crazy when i have to do shopping then ! you cannot breath , you cannot see anything apart from a bulk of shouting women and men who want to get something cheaper ! 
another period when i don't like doing shopping is when there is a huge sale ! i always go absolutely crazy when i have to do shopping then ! you cannot breathe , you cannot see anything apart from a bulk of shouting women and men who want to get something cheaper ! 
next , not very enjoyable thing about shopping is spending money ! when i go to the big supermarkets i always spend more than i was going to . you just cannot refuse buying another bottle of body lotion or another box of soap because they smell so nice can you ? ! i always become very angry with myself afterwards , but i cannot help it . 
next , another not very enjoyable thing about shopping is spending money ! when i go to the big supermarkets i always spend more than i was going to . you just cannot resist buying another bottle of body lotion or another box of soap because they smell so nice can you ? ! i always become very angry with myself afterwards , but i cannot help it . 
in my opinion , shopping could be really enjoyable ! the only advice would be: " do not do your shopping at christmast or easter time " - but it will not make any sense , will it ? so you just have to get used to it , and enjoy your shopping for the rest time of the year ! 
in my opinion , shopping could be really enjoyable ! the only advice would be: " do not do your shopping at christmas or easter time " - but it will not make any sense , will it ? so you just have to get used to it , and enjoy your shopping for the rest of the year ! 
dear helen ryan , 
dear helen ryan , 
thank you for the amazing inform about the competition . i am really glad to be able to win the first prize and travel to the u . s . a . which i used to dream . 
thank you for the amazing information about the competition . i am really glad to be able to win the first prize and travel to the u . s . a . , which i used to dream of . 
now , i would like to reply some questions you need , willingly . at first , i would like to travel only in july because i study at university at the moment . however , they will give me such a long holiday enough to travel for two weeks in june . 
now , i would like to reply to some questions you ask , willingly . firstly , i would like to travel only in july because i study at university at the moment . however , they will give me such a long holiday , enough to travel for two weeks in june . 
i would prefer staying tents to log cabins , as i'd like to observe nature and stay in outdoor as much time as i can . 
i would prefer staying in tents to log cabins , as i'd like to observe nature and stay outdoors as much time as i can . 
i'm very happy with the activities you organised . i am good at playing basketball , swimming , tennis , surfing as they are my hobbies for donkey's years . i would rather play golf and go sailing , than the others so as to find new hobbies in my life . 
i'm very happy with the activities you organised . i am good at playing basketball , swimming , tennis , surfing , as they have been my hobbies for donkey's years . i would rather play golf and go sailing , than the others , so as to find new hobbies in my life . 
finally , what i would like to ask is what sort of cloths are suitable for the travelling , and also , how much money i should prepare for the travelling , approximately . 
finally , what i would like to ask is what sort of clothes are suitable for travelling , and also , how much money should i prepare for the trip , approximately . 
i would be grateful if you could reply my letter with some further information soon . 
i would be grateful if you could reply to my letter with some further information soon . 
yours sincerely 
yours faithfully 
takashi oshima . 
takashi oshima . 
dear kim , 
dear kim , 
how are you going these days ? 
how are you doing these days ? 
i'm fine as usual . 
i'm fine as usual . 
anyway , i joined the team which helps anything at a pop concert last month as you know . 
anyway , i joined the team which helps at a pop concert last month , as you know . 
in my view , it was extremely interesting and satisfing for me all the concert long . 
in my view , it was extremely interesting and satisfying for me all the concert long . 
talking of my work , i had to mostly make the concert stage with some fellows . if you choose the post , you would be exhausted throughlly in the end of the concert . however , there was a particular thing i really liked during the concert . as i could take a rest beside the concert stage while someone was singing a song , i saw a number of famous musicians nearby . 
talking of my work , i mostly had two prepare the concert stage with some fellows . if you chose the post , you would be exhausted thoroughly thoroughly exhausted at the end of the concert . however , there was a particular thing i really liked during the concert . as i could take a rest beside the concert stage while someone was singing a song , i saw a number of famous musicians nearby . 
although i can not explain any more about the thing i felt during the concert in this letter , i'd like to recomend you to help at a pop concert or the other . it must be a good experience and a special memory for you . 
although i cannot explain any more about the thing i felt during the concert in this letter , i'd like to recommend you to help at a pop concert . it must be a good experience and a special memory for you . 
see you and write me soon . 
see you and write to me soon . 
best wishes
best wishes
13th june 2000
13th june 2000
dear mrs ryan , 
dear mrs ryan , 
i am satisfied to have received your letter that informed me that i have won the first prize in your competition . 
i am pleased to have received your letter that informed me that i have won the first prize in your competition . 
i am very happy to spend two weeks at camp california , because i have never gone to u . s . a . i would prefer to travel only in july , because i have not to work and because i would prefer to have accomodation in tent and so i think that july is the best period to spend two weeks in tent . i have just been in tent and i think it is always a beautiful and interested adventure . 
i am very happy to spend two weeks at camp california , because i have never been to the u . s . a . i would prefer to travel only in july , because i don't have to work and because i would prefer to have accommodation stay in a tent and so i think that july is the best time to spend two weeks in a tent . i have just been staying in a tent and i think it is always a beautiful and interesting adventure . 
during the journey i would do surfing and photography . i like very much to be alone with nature and when i was a girl , i had gone to a surfing-course for five years and i won a lot of prizes . i like also doing photography because they can be memories in my future . 
during the holiday i would do surfing and photography . i like very much to be alone with nature and when i was a girl , i went on a surfing course for five years and i won a lot of prizes . i also like photography because they can be memories in my future . 
i would receive further information about which kind of clothes i should put off during my holiday and i would know if i should bring with me a lot of money . 
i would like to receive further information about what kind of clothes i should wear during my holiday and i would like to know if i should bring with me a lot of money . 
looking forward to spending my holiday in the usa i wait your letter . 
looking forward to spending my holiday in the usa , i wait for your letter . 
your sincerelly 
yours sincerely 
guillelmina farina . 
guillelmina farina . 
dear kim , 
dear kim , 
i am afraid that i couldn't write you immediatly , but last month i enjoyed helping at a pop concert and so i am very busy . 
i am afraid that i couldn't write to you immediately , but last month i enjoyed helping at a pop concert and so i was very busy . 
even if the job was so hard , it was an amused experience . i woke up at six a . m . and i worked until nine p . m . but it isn't a problem for me , because i like spending my time with other people . 
even if the job was very hard , it was an amusing experience . i woke up at six a . m . and i worked until nine p . m . but it wasn't a problem for me , because i like spending my time with other people . 
i particularly liked to know people of different countries and some pop-stars , which were friendly with us . i was surprised of the co-operation that there was during the job , because it was as a big family , where each member helped others . 
i particularly liked to meet meeting people from different countries and some pop-stars , who were friendly towards us . i was surprised at the co-operation that there was during the job , because it was like a big family , where each member helps the others . 
there was a lot of work to do but we were happy to do it with glad people and at the end we had the possibility to take part in the pop concert . it was wonderful ! 
there was a lot of work to do but we were happy to do it with happy people and at the end we had the opportunity to take part in the pop concert . it was wonderful ! 
looking forward to meeting you as soon as possible . i greet you . 
looking forward to seeing you as soon as possible . i greet you . 
best wishes
best wishes
guillelmina
guillelmina
dear mrs helen ryan
dear mrs helen ryan
yesterday , i received your letter . it made me happy and i would like to than you for the opportunity you offer me 
yesterday , i received your letter . it made me happy and i would like to thank you for the opportunity you are offering me . 
first of all i would like to travel in july . i think that this is the most ideal month for a trip to california . this period the days are sunny and the weather won't prevent me from doing a lot of activities . about the accomodation i would prefer to stay in a cabin . i think that the combins are safer than the tents and they can protect you better in case the weather changes . the two activities i have chosen is swimming and climbing . i selected swimming because this is one of my hobbies and i'm good enough t this sector . in addition i would like to swim in a sea like california's because it is clean and beautiful . i chose climbing because i'm intrested in this sport even if i'm not experienced . i like it because it offers you a lot of adventure and action . 
first of all i would like to travel in july . i think that this is the ideal month for a trip to california . during this period the days are sunny and the weather won't prevent me from doing a lot of activities . regarding the accommodation i would prefer to stay in a cabin . i think that the cabins are safer than the tents and they can protect you better in case the weather changes . the two activities i have chosen are swimming and climbing . i selected swimming because this is one of my hobbies and i'm good enough at this activity . in addition i would like to swim in a sea like california's because it is clean and beautiful . i chose climbing because i'm interested in this sport even though i'm not experienced . i like it because it offers you a lot of adventure and action . 
as a conclusion i would like to ask you about the money and the cloths i must take with . please drop me a line
as a conclusion i would like to ask you about the money and the clothes i must take with me . please drop me a line
yours sincierly 
yours sincerely 
dear kim
dear kim
yesterday i received your letter and it made me happy that you and your family are healthy . 
yesterday i received your letter and it made me happy that you and your family are healthy . 
as you asked me i will write you about the experience i had helping at the pop concert . all the children helped as much as they could and that's why the result was beautiful enough . before the concert i helped in carring and putting in order some chairs on which would sit some special persons . it was very hard and at the end i was very tired . at the concert , what i had to do was to give out refreshments and drinkings to the audience . i also helped to clear up the place after the concert . 
as you asked me i will write to you about the experience i had helping at the pop concert . all the children helped as much as they could and that's why the result was beautiful . before the concert i helped with carrying and putting in order some chairs on which would sit some special people some special people would sit . it was very hard and at the end i was very tired . at the concert , what i had to do was to give out refreshments and drinking drinks to the audience . i also helped to clear up the place after the concert . 
it was really a very beautiful experience . it offered me more pocket money and besides this i had the chance to make a lot of friends because there were many children who wanted to help too . in addition i had the opportunity to talk to the singers and have a lot of autogrammes by them . i will never forget these days and for sure i will take part in activities like this in the future . 
it was really a very beautiful experience . it offered me more pocket money and besides this i had the chance to make a lot of friends because there were many children who wanted to help too . in addition i had the opportunity to talk to the singers and get a lot of autographs by them . i will never forget these days and definitely i i definitely will take part in activities like this in the future . 
yours faithfully alexander . 
yours sincerely alexander 
dear ryan , 
dear ryan , 
i have received your letter and i so happy because i have won the holiday in california . it will be a pleasure for me give you the information that you need . 
i have received your letter and i am so happy because i have won the holiday in california . it will be a pleasure for me to give you the information that you need . 
first of all i would like to travel in july because i am going to ibiza with my parents in june and in august i start to work part-time , so i am afraid but i can go only in july . 
first of all i would like to travel in july because i am going to ibiza with my parents in june and in august i start to work part-time , so i am afraid that i can go only in july . 
with reference to the accommodation i would prefer log cabins to tents . i think the log cabins are more comfortable and i have never slept in a tents . 
with reference to the accommodation , i would prefer a log cabin to a tent . i think log cabins are more comfortable and i have never slept in a tent . 
i am very good at playing basketball . when i was a child i used to play daily with my classmates and now i am playing at least at the weekend . i have taken a photography course and i enjoy taking photos to animals . 
i am very good at playing basketball . when i was a child i used to play daily with my classmates and now i play at least every weekend . i have taken a photography course and i enjoy taking photos of animals . 
i would like to know , how much i need and what type of clothes i should take ? could you tell me about the weather , please ? 
i would like to know how much money i need and what type of clothes i should take ? could you tell me about the weather , please ? 
i look forward to hearing from you soon . 
i look forward to hearing from you soon . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
dear kim , 
dear kim , 
i hope you are very well . i am writing about my exciting experience at a pop concert . 
i hope you are very well . i am writing about my exciting experience at a pop concert . 
first of all i was too busy but it does not matter because i enjoyed a lot of this experience . i was doing different activities from designering flier to selling tickets . 
first of all , i was too busy but it did not matter because i enjoyed a lot this experience this experience a lot . i was doing different activities , from designing fliers to selling tickets . 
i had to search in the internet pictures that could be used for the flier . we booked the accommodation for the group . i was responsible for checking the light and sound . in addition i checked the e-mail dialy and answered the phone . as you know i sold tickets in some schools and pubs , too . 
i had to search the internet for pictures that could be used for the flier . we booked the accommodation for the group . i was responsible for checking the light and sound . in addition i checked the e-mail daily and answered the phone . as you know , i sold tickets in some schools and pubs , too . 
anyway , it has been one of the most wonderful experience in my life , but the concert day was really amazing . i think this was the best of all . i feel really happy that i participated in this event . 
anyway , it has been one of the most wonderful experiences of my life , but the day of the concert was really amazing . i think this was the best of all . i feel really happy that i participated in this event . 
if you have the opportunity of involving in something like this you do not hesitate . 
if you have the opportunity of getting involved in something like this do not hesitate . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
dear mr. ryan , 
dear mr. ryan , 
it was wonderful surprise when i received your letter . thank you very much for this great opportunity . now , i am writing this letter to reply your questions . 
it was a wonderful surprise when i received your letter . thank you very much for this great opportunity . now , i am writing this letter to reply to your questions . 
firstly , i would like to inform you that i will be able to travel only in july , which is the only month i can take holiday from my work . 
firstly , i would like to inform you that i will be able to travel only in july , which is the only month i can take holiday from my work . 
secondly , for accomodation , i prefer to say in log cabins , as i have no experience staying in a tent , i hesitate to try . 
secondly , for accommodation , i prefer to say in log cabins , as i have no experience staying in a tent , i hesitate to try . 
regarding to the activities , i would rather choose singing and painting , as unfortunately , i am not good at sports . however , i enjoy singing . i used to join the singing club when i was a high school student and once we won the contest , moreover , painting is one of my favorite hobbies . 
regarding the activities , i would rather choose singing and painting , as unfortunately , i am not good at sports . however , i enjoy singing . i used to belong to the singing club when i was a high school student and once we won the contest , moreover , painting is one of my favourite hobbies . 
i normally bring blushes , paints and paper instead of camera when i travel . 
i normally take brushes , paints and paper instead of a camera when i travel . 
finally , i would like to ask you wheather anything i should bring to this travel such as specific clothes , extra money etc . 
finally , i would like to ask you whether there is anything i should bring on this trip such as specific clothes , extra money etc . 
i look forward to receiving your reply . 
i look forward to receiving your reply . 
yours sincerely , 
yours faithfully 
dear kim , 
dear kim , 
thanks for your letter . yes ! it was a privelage to help at a pop concert . i really wished you were there with me . believe it or not , it was a concert of " the rolling stones " ! i did various things for them . 
thanks for your letter . yes ! it was a privilege to help at a pop concert . i really wished you were there with me . believe it or not , it was a concert of " the rolling stones " ! i did various things for them . 
at first , i helped stage setting , as you know they use lots of unique tricks in their concert . so it was very interesting to know how they are made . 
at first , i helped stage setting , as you know they use lots of unique tricks in their concert . so it was very interesting to know how they are made . 
then , i helped tuning the instruments for the back band . actually , as i know nothing about instruments , the only thing i could do was just turning the volume up and down following to the musician's instruction . 
then , i helped tuning the instruments for the back band . actually , as i know nothing about instruments , the only thing i could do was just turn the volume up and down following the musician's instruction . 
my dear friend , if i tell you this , i am sure you will get jelous . this was the best experience . i could give the members " shiatsu massage " just before the concert to make them relax ! ! can you imagine how much i appreciated that i am qualified in massage ? 
my dear friend , if i tell you this , i am sure you will get jealous . this was the best experience . i could give the members " shiatsu massage " just before the concert to make them relax ! ! can you imagine how much i appreciated that i am qualified in massage ? 
well , kim , i have to go now . hope to hear from you soon . 
well , kim , i have to go now . hope to hear from you soon . 
love , 
love , 
june . 13 . 2000
june . 13 . 2000
competition organization . 
competition organization . 
dear sir or madamme , 
dear sir or madam , 
i'd appriciate for giving me the first prize in the competition . it's my pleasure to give you some information and i'd like to ask you about the camp california . 
i'd appreciate for giving me the first prize in the competition . it's my pleasure to give you some information and i'd like to ask you about the camp california . 
first of all , i'd like to travel only in july because i'm supposed to be a volunteer in the music festival , held in august . 
first of all , i'd like to travel only in july because i'm supposed to be a volunteer at the music festival , held in august . 
additionally , i'd rather stay in tents as i've never slept in tents before . therefore it'll be a great experience for me . 
additionally , i'd rather stay in tents as i've never slept in tents before . therefore it'll be a great experience for me . 
i'd like to choose swimming and photography as activities . i go swimming three times a week so i have no problem with swimming . i'm also the member of photography club at my university and really keen on taking a picture of nature . 
i'd like to choose swimming and photography as activities . i go swimming three times a week so i have no problem with swimming . i'm also a member of the photography club at my university and really keen on taking a picture of nature . 
by the way , i'm wondering what kinds of clothes i should prepare and how much much i should bring with myself . i'll look forward to hearing answers from you . 
by the way , i'm wondering what kinds of clothes i should pack and how much much i should bring with me . i'll look forward to hearing answers from you . 
yours faithfully , 
yours faithfully , 
yeun-ja . hong
yeun-ja . hong
the suggestion about making a short video . 
the suggestion about making a short video . 
introduction
introduction
the aim of this report is to summerize the result of the survey , which is about making a short video . 
the aim of this report is to summarize the results of the survey , which is about making a short video . 
the survey was done to 300 students , who are between 18-28 , at our school . 
the survey was carried out to 300 students , who are between 18-28 , at our school . 
prefered lessons . 
preferred lessons . 
the 70% of students said that the acting lesson should be filmed as the students , attending this lesson , are not only excited but also very active . additionally , 15% of students answered they want the presentation lesson to be filmed . the reason why they choose this lesson is that every student in their turn of presentation does his or her best . 
70% of students said that the acting lesson should be filmed as the students attending this lesson , are not only excited but also very active . additionally , 15% of students answered that they want the presentation lesson to be filmed . the reason why they choose this lesson is that every student in their turn at presentation does his or her best . 
prefered activities . 
preferred activities . 
the soccer game , played every monday , was ranked in the most favorite activity by 45% students . they said the soccer game enable them to get together and have fun . however , the girls'd rather play table tennis or badminton . hicking activity was chosen by 20% students , followed by the soccer . 
the soccer game , played every monday , was ranked as the most favourite popular activity by 45% of students . they said the soccer game enables them to get together and have fun . however , the girls would rather play table tennis or badminton . hicking activity was chosen by 20% of students , followed by the soccer . 
conclusion . 
conclusion . 
to sum up , according to the survey , it's obvious that more than half of students want acting lesson to be filmed . moreover , it seems that the students prefer the soccer play to be filmed . 
to sum up , according to the survey , it's obvious that more than half of the students want the acting lesson to be filmed . moreover , it seems that the students prefer the soccer game to be filmed . 
dear mrs . helen ryan . 
dear mrs . helen ryan , 
it was so great to hear that i had won first prize . it would be meaningful in my life to take part in your camp . i am writing to reply about your questions . 
it was so great to hear that i had won first prize . it would be meaningful in my life to take part in your camp . i am writing to reply to your questions . 
i am wondering that i will be only able to travel in july , because i have to finish my first year at the university . it finishes 29th of june . in addition to this , i have already resistered another course which starts from 2nd of august . 
i am wondering that i will only be able to travel in july , because i have to finish my first year at the university . it finishes 29th of june . in addition to this , i have already resistered on another course which starts from 2nd of august . 
secondly , i would prefer living in tents , i always admire outdoors life . finally , i would like to surging and golf . in case of surfing , i have never had an experience , i am absolutely beginner . on the other hand , i used to play golf with my father . when i was 14 , i won the competition . 
secondly , i would prefer to live to stay in tents , i have always admired outdoor life . finally , i would like to do surfing and golf . in the case of surfing , i have never had any experience , i am an absolute beginner . on the other hand , i used to play golf with my father . when i was 14 , i won a competition . 
i would like to ask about camp california . let me know if i have to take which kind of clothes and how much money i need . it would be very helpful . 
i would like to ask about camp california . let me know which kind of clothes i have to take and how much money i need . it would be very helpful . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
your sincerely
yours sincerely
hi . how are you ? i am fine . thanks for your letter . i want to let you know about my experience as you wanted . 
hi . how are you ? i am fine . thanks for your letter . i want to let you know about my experience as you wanted . 
well , last month , i worked at a pop concert . it was fantastic because i could see madonna . my main job was to tide up her dressing room . can you imagine ? you are working with your idea woman , i can't still belive that i spoke with her . 
well , last month , i worked at a pop concert . it was fantastic because i could see madonna . my main job was to tidy up her dressing room . can you imagine ? you are working with your ideal woman , i still can't believe that i spoke with her . 
anyway , the most important thing was that i had good experience . if we had worked together we would have had a good time . it's pity , isn't it ? now , i know how difficult to sing in front of the audience and behind the start there are a lot of the people who help the performance . 
anyway , the most important thing was that i had a good experience . if we had worked together we would have had a good time . it's a pity , isn't it ? now , i know how difficult it is to sing in front of an audience and behind the stage there are a lot of people who help the performance . 
next time , i hope that we'll work together . let's find some information to get a job . shall we ? 
next time , i hope that we'll work together . let's find some information to get a job . shall we ? 
i have to go now . i am fed up with studying , but i have to . i hope that you'll be alright . 
i have to go now . i am fed up with studying , but i have to . i hope that you'll be alright . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
with lots of love , 
with lots of love , 
i'm so happy that i've won 2 weeks at camp california in the u . s . a . at first i couldn't belive that i was a winer 
i'm so happy that i've won 2 weeks at camp california in the u . s . a . at first i couldn't believe that i was a winner 
i would like to travel at the camp in july , if is possible . this is just one months which i've fee . 
i would like to travel to the camp in july , if possible . this is just one month which i have free . 
i'm a student . my school starsts in september and it finishes in june . july is months when i'm having a rest and i'm doing nothing . in august i'm working in the shop which is my sister . if i could go in july would be greate . 
i'm a student . my school starts in september and it finishes in june . july is the month when i'm having a rest and i'm doing nothing . in august i'm working in a shop which is my sister's . if i could go in july that would be grate . 
i can sleep in tent , it would remain me a good time which i'd spent with my friends a few years ago . i'm not scared of darkness , rain , cold or hot whether . i'm sure would be good fun; sleep next to each other telling scared story . is good for make friends , you can know them better doing everything together . 
i can sleep in a tent , it would remind me of a good time which i had with my friends a few years ago . i'm not scared of darkness , rain , cold or hot weather . i'm sure it would be good fun; sleeping next to each other telling scary stories . it is good for making friends , you can know them better doing everything together . 
also i know that i have the chance to do two activities while i'm at the camp . i would like to choose basketball . this is sport which i , , love " . i play basketball since i was 12 . some of my friends say that i'm very good player , but i don't think so . 
also i know that i have the chance to do two activities while i'm at the camp . i would like to choose basketball . this is a sport which i , , love " . i have been playing basketball since i was 12 . some of my friends say that i'm a very good player , but i don't think so . 
another sport which i'd like to do is swimming . in swimming i'm not as good as in basketball , but i'd like to practise more and maybe learn something new about it . 
another sport which i'd like to do is swimming . at swimming i'm not as good i'm not as good at swimming as i am at basketball , but i'd like to practise more and maybe learn something new about it . 
i would like to ask you , what sort of clothes shall i take with me ? i don't want take too much; jeans , jumper , swimming costium , t-shirt , sports shoes i think should b o . k . 
i would like to ask you , what sort of clothes should i take with me ? i don't want to take too much; jeans , jumper , swimming costume , t-shirt , sports shoes i think should be o . k . 
know , i can just wait for july
now , i can hardly wait for july
hi kim ! 
hi kim ! 
how are you ? i'm fine . i'm so exited . last month i was helping at a pop concert with a few friends of mine . it was tina turner concert ! to this moment when i'm thinking of it i want shout . 
how are you ? i'm fine . i'm so excited . last month i was helping at a pop concert with a few friends of mine . it was a tina turner concert ! at this moment when i think of it i want to shout . 
at first i was helping to seill the tickets - wasn't difficult . anyway , four hours , before concert had started , i was helping with lights . we had to check evey plug , switch , lights . i couldn't belive how big the lamp can be . that's why singers are hot . when concert had started and tina cam out i forget about lights , just i was looking at her . fortunetly nothing had happend . every-thing was o . k
at first i was helping to sell the tickets - it wasn't difficult . anyway , four hours before the concert had started , i was helping with the lights . we had to check every plug , switch , light . i couldn't believe how big a lamp can be . that's why singers are hot . when the concert had started and tina came out i forget about lights , i was just looking at her . fortunately fortunately nothing had happened . everything was o . k
after concert we were invited in backstage . then i could see her very , very clear . 
after the concert we were invited backstage . then i could see her very , very clearly . 
just people who was helping and organizating this concert could meet her . some of them were speaking with her , i wasn't this lucky person , but still i'm happy , that i could be thear . 
only people who were helping and organizing this concert could meet her . some of them were speaking with her , i wasn't this lucky person , but still i'm happy , that i could be there . 
dear madam
dear madam
i am writing to answer the informations that you need from me . 
i am writing to provide the information that you need from me . 
first i would like to thank you for doing this competition and i would also like to thank you for the prize . 
first i would like to thank you for organising this competition and i would also like to thank you for the prize . 
answering your questions , i would like to travel only en july because this is the month of my vacations . in july i will be free to travel anywhere i please . 
answering your questions , i would like to travel only in july because this is the month of my vacation . in july i will be free to travel anywhere i please . 
according to your letter i have two options of accommodation , or in tents or log cabins . i would prefer in tents because i think that is something more exciting and new for me . i never stayed in tents in the middle of nowhere , in my life so i would prefer something more realistic and new . log cabins may be more confortable , on the other hand i think that i will be able to " survive " in tents . looking to your letter , i can see many options of activities and i realized that i like most of them . i think i would prefer climbing and painting . the reason of choosing this two activities is that they contrast itselves , i want one more exciting and that asks for more agility and another more calm and relaxing , that asks only for my ability to paint . climbing is something new for me and i am not so good on that , however i wish that i can learn about it on the camp . painting is something that i love and i am very good doing it . 
according to your letter , i have two options regarding accommodation , either in tents or log cabins . i would prefer a tent because i think that is something more exciting and new for me . i have never stayed in a tent in the middle of nowhere in my life so i would prefer something more realistic and new . log cabins may be more comfortable . on the other hand i think that i will be able to " survive " in a tent . looking at your letter , i can see many options for activities and i realize that i like most of them . i think i would prefer climbing and painting . the reason for choosing these two activities is that they contrast with themselves each other . i want one that is more exciting and that asks for more agility and another that is calmer and relaxing , that asks only for my ability to paint . climbing is something new for me and i am not so good at it , however , i hope that i can learn about it at the camp . painting is something that i love and i am very good at it . 
i have some doubts about my prize and travel . is there a possibility that you send me a list of material and clothes that i have to take ? 
i have some worries about my prize and travel . is there any possibility that you could send me a list of equipment and clothes that i have to take ? 
is all the travel already paid including food and meals , or i have to bring some money ? 
is everything on the trip already paid for , including food and meals , or do i have to bring some money ? 
do i have to bring something especial for the tents and camping ? 
do i have to bring something special for the tent and camping ? 
please answer my letter as soon as is possible . 
please answer my letter as soon as possible . 
your faithfully , 
yours faithfully , 
gustav soares . 
gustav soares . 
dear kim , 
dear kim , 
how are you ? is everything good in usa ? 
how are you ? is everything good in the usa ? 
i'm writing to you because i had a wonderful experience last month . 
i'm writing to you because i had a wonderful experience last month . 
there was a concert of a famous band here in my city . i vish you were here with me . so , i went with my friend to the concert with a lot of fans . we bought tickets to the show and also to the fan's bus . yes , there is a bus that take you to the concert and bring you back . 
there was a concert with a famous band here in my city . i wish you had been here with me . so , i went with my friend to the concert with a lot of fans . we bought tickets to the show and also to the fans' bus . yes , there is a bus that takes you to the concert and brings you back . 
the concert was going to start at 22:00 and the bus arrived at my house at 18:00 . when we entered inside of it , we saw a lot of fans using t-shirts , caps and shouting , " almendegos , almendegos . . . " ( that is the name of the band ) . 
the concert was going to start at 22:00 and the bus arrived at my house at 18:00 . when we got inside it , we saw a lot of fans wearing t-shirts , caps and shouting , " almendegos , almendegos . . . " ( that is the name of the band ) . 
at 20:00 , we stopped in a coffee house to eat . the shouted: " 20:30 you all have to be back because the bus will leave . " 
at 20:00 , we stopped at a coffee house to eat . they shouted: " 20:30 you all have to be back because the bus will leave . " 
we sat and started to eat and talk . suddenly a man came and started to tell us his adventures . they were very interesting and we liked him so much . after a few minutes ( i fought were few ) i realized that the coffee house was empty . i looked to my watch: 20:45 . the bus had left about fifteen minutes . the man offered a ride . we accept . you can not imagine how dissapointed i were with my ownself . 
we sat and started to eat and talk . suddenly a man came and started to tell us his adventures . they were very interesting and we liked him very much . after a few minutes ( i thought they were a few ) i realized that the coffee house was empty . i looked at my watch: 20:45 . the bus had left about fifteen minutes before . the man offered us a ride . we accepted . you cannot imagine how disappointed i was with myself . 
when we arrived the concert had already began . when we were running to enter a man called us . he was helping to put the materials of the concerts ( microphone . . . ) on the stage . he asked if we could help . we answered: " yes ! " 
when we arrived the concert had already begun . when we were running to enter a man called us . he was helping to put the equipment of the concert concert equipment ( microphone . . . ) on the stage . he asked if we could help . we answered: " yes ! " 
we started to put everthing on the stage and after this we realized that the band was entering into the stage near us . 
we started to put everything on the stage and after this we realized that the band was coming onto the stage near us . 
by my side the vocal of the almendegos was and he touched my arm . i will never wash my arm again . after all of this we saw the show in the best place , near of the stage and after , the thing that i most liked , we were convidated to see the group and had their signatures . 
by my side the vocalist of the almendegos was the vocalist of the almendegos was by my side and he touched my arm . i will never wash my arm again . after all of this we saw the show from the best place , near the stage and afterwards , the thing that i most liked , we were invited to see the group and got their signatures . 
that was the best night of my life . 
that was the best night of my life . 
i wish that you liked my experience . 
i hope that you liked my experience . 
kisses , 
kisses , 
gustav . 
gustav . 
dear mr. ryan , 
dear mr. ryan , 
i received your letter and i am very glad i have won a two weeks travel to camp california . i will give you some information which helps you to know me better . 
i received your letter and i am very glad i have won a two-week trip to camp california . i will give you some information which will help you to know me better . 
i would like to travel to camp in july because this is the best time for me and i hope for you . i will be very busy in june so let me tell you some details about my travel . about accommodation , i think tents would be great . 
i would like to travel to the camp in july because this is the best time for me and i hope for you . i will be very busy in june so let me tell you some details about my trip . regarding accommodation , i think tents would be great . 
basketball and swimming i think are the best for the children . basketball will help children to build team character and leadership . and swimming is very good for health . i swim really good and i am a proffesional basketball player . i count on my experience . 
basketball and swimming i think are the best for the children . basketball will help the children to build team spirit and leadership skills . and swimming is very good for their health . i swim really well and i am a professional basketball player . i count on my experience . 
and there are few questions i would like to ask . first , what clothes should i take with me , secondly . how much money and by cash or by travel cards . thanks ! 
and there are a few questions i would like to ask . first , what clothes should i take with me ? secondly , how much money and should i pay by cash or by travel cards ? thanks ! 
i am looking forward to our meeting . 
i am looking forward to our meeting . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
vasiliy alekseyev . 
vasiliy alekseyev . 
dear kim , 
dear kim , 
last month i enjoyed helping at concert of " modern talking'' and now i want to share with you about my experience . 
last month i enjoyed helping at the concert of " modern talking'' and now i want to share with you my experience . 
it all started when one of the organizers asked me to help him at a concert of my favorite band . and what do you think i answered ? of course , yes ! 
it all started when one of the organizers asked me to help him at a concert of my favourite band . and what do you think i answered ? of course , yes ! 
i have got very responsible work i had to bring food for peter bolen and tomas anders . can you imagine ? i came into their room and give hot cheeseburgers , coca-cola and ice-cream to peter . it was the happiest moment of my life . he asked me was the cheeseburger hot and i answered that it was . i was very nervous talking with him . he told me about concert programme and gave me his photo with a sign . 
i had taken on very demanding work . i had to bring food for peter bolen and tomas anders . can you imagine ? i went into their room and gave hot cheeseburgers , coca-cola and ice-cream to peter . it was the happiest moment of my life . he asked me whether the cheeseburger was hot and i answered that it was . i was very nervous talking with him . he told me about a concert programme and gave me his photo with an autograph . 
i will never forget that summer day . it was my day , i am sure about it . 
i will never forget that summer day . it was my day , i am sure about it . 
well , i think that is all . see you . 
well , i think that is all . see you . 
yours faithfully , 
yours sincerely all the best , 
vasiliy . 
vasiliy . 
dear ms helen ryan , 
dear ms helen ryan , 
i have just received a letter from you and i am really happy to hear the news that i have won first prize in the competition . i would like to tell you something about what you asked me in the letter . 
i have just received a letter from you and i am really happy to hear the news that i have won first prize in the competition . i would like to tell you something about what you asked me in the letter . 
firstly , i can travel only in july because i have no time except july as i am a postgraduate student . i would very much like to stay in a log cabin . i think it is a wonderful idea to stay in a tent only for few days but not over 3 days . it will be more comfortable to stay in a log cabin . 
firstly , i can only travel in july because i have no time except in july as i am a postgraduate student . i would very much like to stay in a log cabin . i think it is a wonderful idea to stay in a tent only for a few days but not over 3 days . it will be more comfortable to stay in a log cabin . 
regarding with two activities i will choose swimming and photography . i am not good at swimming but i would very much like to learn how to swim this year . on the other hand , i am very good at photography as i was a photographer in a club while i was in the college . 
regarding two activities , i will choose swimming and photography . i am not good at swimming but i would very much like to learn how to swim this year . on the other hand , i am very good at photography as i was a photographer in a club while i was in college . 
lastly i would particularly like to know about clothes and money . isn't it cold at night in the camp california ? i like ice cram , sweets and beverage very much especially in the summer . are these expensive ? could you please tell me about these ? i am looking forward to your reply . 
lastly i would particularly like to know about clothes and money . isn't it cold at night in the camp california ? i like ice cream , sweets and beverages very much , especially in the summer . are these expensive ? could you please tell me about these ? i am looking forward to your reply . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
shin parade
shin parade
do you think shopping is always enjoyable ? well , it might be true but i think it depends on the situation . 
do you think shopping is always enjoyable ? well , it might be true but i think it depends on the situation . 
when you do shopping , you can see various products even very extraordinary thing . you can also see more graceful and fine thing . you usually visit many shops and compare the quality and the price and select the best one which suits to you . 
when you go shopping , you can see various products and even very extraordinary things . you can also see more graceful and fine things . you usually visit many shops and compare the quality and the price and select the best one which suits you . 
on the other hand , it usually take much time to get what you exactly want . because you have to visit many shops and see many thing . if shopping mall is not collected , it is physically hard to get what you want . it's not easy to shop with someone who are not interested in shopping . 
on the other hand , it usually takes a lot of time to get exactly what you want , because you have to visit many shops and see many things . if the shopping mall is not collected , it is physically hard to get what you want . it's not easy to shop with someone who is not interested in shopping . 
in conclusion , shopping is not always enjoyable as many people think . it depends on the situation . it even varys with people whom you shop with . 
in conclusion , shopping is not always enjoyable as many people think . it depends on the situation . it even varies depending on the people whom you shop with . 
dear ms ryan , 
dear ms ryan , 
i am writing to you regarding the letter you sent me , about the two weeks at camp california that i won . 
i am writing to you regarding the letter you sent me about the two weeks at camp california that i won . 
firstly , i would like to travel in july because i have 2 weeks off in the beginning of the month . 
firstly , i would like to travel in july because i have 2 weeks off at the beginning of the month . 
for the accommodation , i would prefer in tents because i like adventure and simplicity . 
for the accommodation , i would prefer a tent because i like adventure and simplicity . 
concerning the available activities , firstly , i would choose climbing because i have practised it for many years . secondely , i am interested in discovering something that i have never done , so i would like to do sailing . 
concerning the available activities , firstly , i would choose climbing because i have done it for many years . secondly , i am interested in trying something that i have never done , so i would like to do sailing . 
finally , i was wondering if some special clothes are required and how much pocket money i need for this trip ? 
finally , i was wondering if any special clothes are required and how much pocket money i need for this trip ? 
i thank you in advanced and looking forward to your reply . 
i thank you in advance and look forward to your reply . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
dear kim , 
dear kim , 
i'm writing to you to relate my experience in helping at a pop concert last month . 
i'm writing to you to tell you about my experience helping at a pop concert last month . 
first of all , i would like to tell you that i've never had a such good time in my life ! 
first of all , i would like to tell you that i've never had such a good time in my life ! 
the day one consisted in surrounding the festival's place with fences . 
the first day consisted in surrounding the site with fences . 
the second day objective was to install the scene , with lights , loudspeakers and all stuff . this job was quite hard , but we took enough time to be not exhausted ! 
the second day's objective was to install the stage lights , loudspeakers and all the other stuff . this job was quite hard , but we took our time to be not exhausted ! 
the last day , in fact the concert day was absolutely fantastic . the public was so excited to see the concert that we had to place some bouncer front of the scene , to avoid the people coming on the concert floor . finally , the concert was exactly that the people were expected . 
the last day , which was day of the concert , was absolutely fantastic . the audience was so excited to see the concert that we had to place some bouncers in front of the stage to stop people coming on the concert floor . finally , the concert was exactly what the people were expecting . 
i hop that the next time you will come with me ! 
i hope that the next time you will come with me ! 
i'm looking forward to hearing your impressions about this ! 
i'm looking forward to hearing what you think about this ! 
see you soon . 
see you soon . 
dear mrs . ryan
dear mrs . ryan
thank you for your letter which i have just received this morning . i am really appreciated to hear that i have won first prize in the competition - two weeks at camp california in the u . s . a . i am writing this letter to inform you more information about myself . 
thank you for your letter , which i have just received this morning . i am really pleased to hear that i have won first prize in the competition - two weeks at camp california in the u . s . a . i am writing this letter to give you more information about myself . 
i would like to travel only in july because i will have a summer holiday for 2 months at that time . i would prefer the accommodation at camp california in tents because it would be nice to spend the time living in tents with a nice environment and fresh air . also i would like to do two activities while i am at the camp which are swimming and photography . photography is quite interesting for me to take a photograph in the place where i have never been to . swimming is quite nice activity to relax and work out . it is really enjoyable to keep my body fit and healthy by swimming . 
i would like to travel only in july because i will have a summer holiday for 2 months at that time . i would prefer to stay at camp california in tents because it would be nice to spend the time living in tents with a nice environment and fresh air . also i would like to do two activities while i am at the camp , which are swimming and photography . photography is quite interesting for me ; i like to take photographs in a place where i have never been to before . swimming is quite a nice way to relax and work out . it is really enjoyable to keep my body fit and healthy by swimming . 
anyway , i would like to know that how many people are joining at this camp . could you please tell me about the clothes i should take ? 
anyway , i would like to know how many people are going to this camp . could you please tell me about the clothes i should take ? 
i am looking forward to hearing from you as soon as possible . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you as soon as possible . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
boonsri thanasukolwit . 
boonsri thanasukolwit . 
dear kim
dear kim
thanks for your last letter . i'm really sorry , it's taken me so long to reply . how are you doing ? i hope that you can get on well with your roommate . 
thanks for your last letter . i'm really sorry it's taken me so long to reply . how are you doing ? i hope that you can get on well with your roommate . 
anyway , i enjoyed helping at a pop concert last month . i and my friend - emma , we helped to paint the scence of the background on the stage . as you known , i like drawing and painting when i have a free time so that why i chose to paint the scence of the background . i really enjoyed painting it and it looked very nice . and i particularly liked the experience that i helped to screen and paint a picture of " bon jovi " on every t-shirts which are given to the audiences . i felt that it was a great time in my life . 
anyway , i enjoyed helping at a pop concert last month . i and my friend emma helped to paint the scenery on the stage . as you know , i like drawing and painting when i have some free time so that is why i chose to paint the scenery . i really enjoyed painting it and it looked very nice . and i particularly liked the experience of helping to screen and paint a picture of " bon jovi " on every t-shirt which was given to the audience . i felt that it was a great time in my life . 
however , i told my teacher that i am willing to give a hand next time . are you willing to give a hand next time ? if you are , i'll tell you in advance . i must stop writing now as i have a lot of homework to do . 
however , i told my teacher that i am willing to lend a hand next time . are you willing to lend a hand next time ? if you are , i'll tell you about it in advance . i must stop writing now as i have a lot of homework to do . 
best wishes
best wishes
dear ms ryan , 
dear ms ryan , 
thank you for your letter . i was pleasantly surprised that i have won the first prize in your competition . 
thank you for your letter . i was pleasantly surprised that i have won the first prize in your competition . 
firstly , i would like to answer your questions . as i am doing my a-levels exams at the moment and they continue until the 30th of june and my further studies start in august , i can only travel in july . i would prefer to stay in a tent . it will give me an adventure feeling and i have always prefered tents to log cabins . i enjoy basketball very much and i am quite good at it . i would like to play this game at your camp . i have never tried out climbing , but i have always wished to do it one day . would it be possible to do this activity at your camp as a beginner ? 
firstly , i would like to answer your questions . as i am doing my a-level exams at the moment and they continue until the 30th of june and my further studies start in august , i can only travel in july . i would prefer to stay in a tent . it will give me a feeling of adventure and i have always preferred tents to log cabins . i enjoy basketball very much and i am quite good at it . i would like to play this game at your camp . i have never tried climbing , but i have always wanted to do it one day . would it be possible to do this activity at your camp as a beginner ? 
secondly , i would like to ask you for some information . would you be kind enough to tell me which kind of clothes i should bring with me ? could you possibly tell me how much money i might spend at california camp ? would you recommend me to bring some equipment , like a rope , sticks , with me ? 
secondly , i would like to ask you for some information . would you be kind enough to tell me what kind of clothes i should bring with me ? could you possibly tell me how much money i might spend at california camp ? would you recommend me bringing some equipment , like a rope , sticks , with me ? 
thank you in advance for your help . i look forward to receiving your prompt reply . 
thank you in advance for your help . i look forward to receiving your prompt reply . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
dear kim , 
dear kim , 
hi , how are you ? i'm actually fine at the moment , but have to study a lot because of my exams in english . 
hi , how are you ? i'm actually fine at the moment , but have to study a lot because of my exams in english . 
you asked me to wite about my experience which i made by helping at the pop-concert . and i can say it was terrific ! my job was actually to listen to tim and do whatever he said . this included to clean up the rooms which were used by the singers and put some equipment on the stage . tim was in charge of organising this concert . i had never been behind the stage before and you know the rooms , in which singers dress and make-up , are actually small . can you imagine , i could stay at this concert without paying anything ! and i managed to speak to ricky martin out of stage . o . k . , i actually asked him only: 'how are you ? ' and he gave me his signature . he was fantastic , you know that he is my favourite singer . i think this was my best job as a student in cambridge . probably it wasn't so nice to do jobs which you were told to do , but you see many stars out of stage . and you might manage to speak to some pop-stars . beside this , i earned some money , not a lot but enough for me . 
you asked me to write about the experience which i had helping at the pop-concert . and i can say it was terrific ! my job was actually to listen to tim and do whatever he said . this included cleaning up the rooms which were used by the singers and putting some equipment on the stage . tim was in charge of organising this concert . i had never been behind the stage before and you know the rooms , in which singers dress and apply make-up , are actually small . can you imagine , i could be at this concert without paying anything ! and i managed to speak to ricky martin backstage . o . k . , i actually asked him only: 'how are you ? ' and he gave me his autograph . he was fantastic . you know that he is my favourite singer . i think this was my best job as a student in cambridge . probably it wasn't so nice to do jobs which you were told to do , but you saw many stars backstage . and you had a chance to speak to some pop-stars . beside this , i earned some money - not a lot but enough for me . 
well i'll have to close now . give my regards to your parents . looking forward to hearing from you soon . 
well i'll have to close now . give my regards to your parents . looking forward to hearing from you soon . 
with love , 
with love , 
dear mrs ryan , 
dear mrs ryan , 
i have just received your letter and i am writing in response of your questions . 
i have just received your letter and i am writing to answer your questions . 
i can travel only in july because is the only month of this year that i will be available because i finish school in june so i will be very busy and in august i start to study at the university , so july is the best month for me to travel . 
i can travel only in july because it is the only month this year that i will be available , because i finish school in june , so i will be very busy then , and in august i start to study at university , so july is the best month for me to travel . 
accommodation for me is not problem . i am very easy going and i will be satisfied wherever . but if i have to choose , i prefer sleep in tents , because when i travel i usually sleep in that kind of accommodation so , for me they seem very comfortable . 
accommodation for me is not a problem . i am very easy going and i will be satisfied wherever i am . but if i have to choose , i prefer to sleep in tents , because when i travel i usually sleep in that kind of accommodation so , for me they seem very comfortable . 
i would like to do the following activities:
i would like to do the following activities:
- tennis because is my favourite sport and i enjoy playing it . 
- tennis because it is my favourite sport and i enjoy playing it . 
i play tennis since i was a child and i have won some competitions in my town so i think i play very well . 
i have played tennis since i was a child and i have won some competitions in my town so i think i play very well . 
- climbing because i have never climbed in my life and it is a dream for me to do that . 
- climbing because i have never climbed in my life and it is a dream for me to do that . 
i am a terrible climber but with a little bit of help i think i can enjoy the activity and have a good time unforgettable . 
i am a terrible climber but with a little bit of help i think i can enjoy the activity and have a good time that will be unforgettable . 
i wonder to know what kind of clothes i have to wear because i don't know how the weather is in u . s . a . also i would like to know how much money i have to bring to the trip . 
i want to know what kind of clothes i have to wear because i don't know how the weather is in the u . s . a . also i would like to know how much money i have to bring on the trip . 
i am looking forward to hear from you as soon as possible . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you as soon as possible . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
hello kim:
hello kim:
thank you for your letter it was great to hear from you . 
thank you for your letter . it was great to hear from you . 
sorry but i haven't written you because i've been very busy . 
sorry , but i haven't written to you because i've been very busy . 
last month i helped at a pop concert , it was marvellous . i have a friend and she knows that i speak english so she offered to me work with an english singer so i said " yes , of course " . but you can't imagine who was the singer , it was sting , can you imagine ? you know , he is my favourite singer . 
last month i helped at a pop concert . it was marvellous . i have a friend and she knows that i speak english , so she offered me work with an english singer and i said , " yes , of course " . but you can't imagine who the singer was . it was sting . can you imagine ? you know , he is my favourite singer . 
my job was very easy i had to help sting in everything , for example if he wanted water , i had to give to him water , it was marvellous . he was very kind to me , we talked many things and after the concert he invited all the team to have a dinner , yes i know what you're thinking , " dinner and sting " yes my friend it was the best thing in my life . i understood everything he said and sting said to me that i spoken very well english . the best thing was i spoke in english because i was forgetting it and i met my favourite singer . 
my job was very easy . i had to help sting with everything , for example , if he wanted water , i had to give him water . it was marvellous . he was very kind to me . we talked about many things and after the concert he invited all the team to have dinner . yes , i know what you're thinking , " dinner and sting " . yes , my friend , it was the best thing to happen to me in my life . i understood everything he said and sting said to me that i spoke english very well . the best thing was i spoke in english because i was forgetting it and i met my favourite singer . 
i hope my friend call me again to work because i had a wonderful time and it was a great and unforgettable experience . 
i hope my friend calls me again to work for him because i had a wonderful time and it was a great and unforgettable experience . 
i hope you are o . k . and write soon . 
i hope you are o . k . and write soon . 
lots of love
lots of love
p . d . i send you an autograph that sting wrote for you . 
p . d . i have sent you an autograph that sting wrote for you . 
dear helen ryan , 
dear helen ryan , 
i was really glad to receive your letter and find out that i won the competition . i am writing this letter to give you all the necessary details . 
i was really glad to receive your letter and find out that i won the competition . i am writing this letter to give you all the necessary details . 
first of all , you have asked me when i would like to travel . actually , i could only travel in july , when i am having my school vacations and i will be totally free . 
first of all , you have asked me when i would like to travel . actually , i could only travel in july , when i have my school vacation and i will be totally free . 
as you have asked me about the accommodation , i would be grateful if i could stay in a tent - as it seems to be more practical and comfortable . 
as you have asked me about the accommodation , i would be grateful if i could stay in a tent - as it seems to be more practical and comfortable . 
among the activities , i would choose painting - which i am keen on and i have done several courses - , and photography - from which i know just the basical skills . 
from the activities , i would choose painting - which i am keen on and i have done several courses - and photography - about which i know just the basic skills . 
i would like to know if i should take winter-clothes , and i would be grateful if you could tell me how much money is necessary for the trip . 
i would like to know if i should take any winter clothes , and i would be grateful if you could tell me how much money is necessary for the trip . 
thank you for your attention . i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
thank you for your attention . i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
natalia lopes
natalia lopes
shopping is not always enjoyable
shopping is not always enjoyable
with the increasing of violence , more and more people are leaving the streets to spend their free time shopping - usually in shopping centres . 
with the increase in violence , more and more people are leaving the streets to spend their free time shopping - usually in shopping centres . 
shopping may be very enjoyable , in fact , as people get in contact with new products , take a look at shops , buy some things or just walk around . but it can also be dangerous . 
in fact , shopping may be very enjoyable , as people get in contact with new products , take a look at shops , buy somethings something or just walk around . but it can also be dangerous . 
first , most part of shoping centres uses artificial illumination and refiguration , which are bad for our health . queues and lots of people going round can be stressful and tiring . 
first , most parts areas in shopping centres use artificial illumination and refrigeration air conditioning , which are bad for our health . queues and lots of people going round can be stressful and tiring . 
besides , it was confirmed by scientists that consumism may develop to a compulsion . there are cases of people that can not spend one day without buying anything . 
besides , it was confirmed by scientists that consumerism may develop into a compulsion . there are cases of people that cannot spend one day without buying anything . 
after all that we can notice that shopping can be a good option as long as we can choose other enjoyable activities for our free time . 
after all that , we can notice that shopping can be a good option as long as we can choose other enjoyable activities for our free time . 
dear mrs ryan
dear mrs ryan
it was a grate pleasure to hearing from you , that i have won first prize in your competition . 
it was a great pleasure to hear from you that i have won first prize in your competition . 
i am very glad that all accommodation and travel costs are paid , but even though i would like to know how much money do i have to take with me . i would be glad to travel only in july because of family reasons . other point is accommodation . i would be more than happy if you could have provided me with tent . the reasons as following ; better relationship with nature , and grate opportunity to improve my health . 
i am very glad that all accommodation and travel costs are paid , but still i would like to know how much money i have to take with me . i would be glad to travel only in july for family reasons . another point is accommodation . i would be more than happy if you could provide me with a tent . the reasons are the following : a tent promotes a better relationship with nature , and is a great opportunity to improve my health . 
also i would like to tell you which activities i would like to chose and why . i like swimming and photography because it will be very interesting to improve my skills at both activities . 
also i would like to tell you which activities i would like to choose and why . i like swimming and photography because it will be very interesting to improve my skills at both activities . 
the last thing i would like to know is which clothes do i have to take , even though the weathe in july will be good . 
the last thing i would like to know is what clothes i have to take , even though the weather in july will be good . 
yours sincerely . 
yours sincerely . 
shopping is not always enjoyable . 
shopping is not always enjoyable . 
almost all of us like shopping ! going in and out of the shops , buying clothes , food and presents , but a few of us who is very happy to spend money . 
almost all of us like shopping ! going in and out of the shops , buying clothes , food and presents , but few of us are very happy to spend money . 
money is a very important thing in shopping , if you have money , is not a problem , but if you don't ? so , let's imagen that your credit card is not working , or some one stold your cash from your pocket . we will say unlucky , but no one will help you in that situation . also it is very difficult to shop if you are handicapt . 
money is a very important thing for shopping . if you have money , it is not a problem , but if you don't ? so , let's imagine that your credit card is not working , or some one stole your cash from your pocket . we will say you're unlucky , but no one will help you in that situation . also it is very difficult to shop if you are handicapped . 
staying in a que or croude is also unplesent . all people are shouting , stepping on your feet and it is very likely that you won't get the product you need . 
staying in a queue or crowd is also unpleasant . all the people are shouting , stepping on your feet and it is very likely that you won't get the product you need . 
after words you are tiered and have no power to do things . 
afterwards you are tired and have no energy to do things . 
after all things that i have mentioned it is clearly seen that shopping is not enjoyable . 
after all the things that i have mentioned it is clear that shopping is not enjoyable . 
dear miss ryan , 
dear miss ryan , 
i have received the letter you have sent me . i am writing to let you know my answers to the questions you asked me on the letter . 
i have received the letter you have sent me . i am writing to let you know my answers to the questions you asked me in the letter . 
first , i would like to travel in july , because i am a university student and i have only one month summer vacation that is in july . i appriciate it if it will be the first two weeks of the month . next , i would prefer to stay in a log cabin , because i need to have a time to relax when i travel . therefore , i would prefer a log cabin . 
first , i would like to travel in july , because i am a university student and i have only one month of summer vacation , that is in july . i appreciate would appreciate it if it was the first two weeks of the month . next , i would prefer to stay in a log cabin , because i need to have a time to relax when i travel . therefore , i would prefer a log cabin . 
for activities , my first choise is basketball . i have been playing it since i was nine years old . in high school , i was in a school team and i enjoyed playing it with my team mate , even though we were not a strong team . my second choise is golf . i had never played it until last month . however , i could enjoy it , even though i was a biginner , so i would like to practice and have fun at the camp . 
for activities , my first choice is basketball . i have been playing it since i was nine years old . in high school , i was in a school team and i enjoyed playing it with my team mate , even though we were not a strong team . my second choice is golf . i had never played it until last month . however , i could enjoy it , even though i was a beginner , so i would like to practise and have fun at the camp . 
lastly , i would like to know whether i should bring some money and what kind of clothes i should bring . 
lastly , i would like to know whether i should bring some money and what kind of clothes i should bring . 
thank you for giving me this great opportunity . i will be expecting to hear from you . 
thank you for giving me this great opportunity . i will be expecting to hear from you . 
yours sincerely , 
yours faithfully , 
hideo kojima
hideo kojima
dear kim , 
dear kim , 
i've got your letter yesterday . i enjoyed reading how you spent time with your family and had fun at the park . thank you . 
i got your letter yesterday . i enjoyed reading how you spent time with your family and had fun at the park . thank you . 
as i have told you , i had a chance to help at a concert of majesty , a local band in which one of my friends played guiter . he knew that i'd wanted to work at a concert hall , possibly as a lighting technician . so he suggested me to help their concert so that i could know behind the scenes . 
as i have told you , i had a chance to help at a concert of majesty , a local band in which one of my friends played guitar . he knew that i'd wanted to work at a concert hall , possibly as a lighting technician . so he suggested me to help at their concert so that i could know behind the scenes . 
when i arrived there , the staff were already busy . at first i just helped setting up the stage; setting microphones , and tuning guiters . when i was doing it , one of the staff called me and brought me to a room . he explained me that it was to controll the light . it was fun practicing how to move the lights and change the lights . however , when it came to the real concert , it was very hard . 
when i arrived there , the staff were already busy . at first i just helped setting up the stage; setting microphones , and tuning guitars . when i was doing it , one of the staff called me and took me to a room . he explained to me that it was to control the light . it was fun practising how to move the lights and change the lights . however , when it came to the real concert , it was very hard . 
when the concert was finished , i was exhausted but happy . 
when the concert was finished , i was exhausted but happy . 
i'll write you back . 
i'll write you back . 
friend , 
friend , 
thank you for your answer . i'm happy i can join you at camp california in the u . s . a . 
thank you for your answer . i'm happy i can join you at camp california in the u . s . a . 
i'm sorry to say that i can attend your camp only on july because i just started my new job and i got one month of my holiday , which are on july . 
i'm sorry to say that i can attend your camp only in july because i just started my new job and i have one month of holiday , which is in july . 
you wrote to me that i can choice my accommodation . i would prefer stay in log cabins because i have a problem with my back it is a reason that i can't lie on the ground . beside that i'm alergic , that make me problem when i'm close to the nature . 
you wrote to me that i can choose my accommodation . i would prefer to stay in log cabins because i have a problem with my back . it is the reason that i can't lie on the ground . beside that , i'm allergic , and that cause causes me problems when i'm close to nature . 
you wrote to me that i have a chance to do two activities , which i can choice . i'm quite good in paiting and i play tennis . i'll be very happy when you can give me a chance to use the camp's art studio and you'll be able to prepare some paiting's materials like oil paints canvas and bruches for me . the size of the canvas isn't so important . 
you wrote to me that i have a chance to do two activities , which i can choose . i'm quite good at painting and i play tennis . i'll be very happy if you can give me a chance to use the camp's art studio and you'll be able to prepare some painting's painting materials like oil paints , canvas and brushes for me . the size of the canvas isn't so important . 
i have my own sports equipment to play tennis . i hope i'll have possibility to improve my ability in it . i'm champion of my town , so i think i can find a right person who can play with me . 
i have my own sports equipment to play tennis . i hope i'll have a possibility to improve my ability in it . i'm champion of my town , so i think i can find a suitable person who can play with me . 
could you write to me , because i don't know how much money i need and what type of weather do you have in this time of the year . 
could you write to me , because i don't know how much money i need and what type of weather you have at this time of the year . 
your sincerelly 
yours sincerely 
dear kim ! 
dear kim ! 
last month we had the pop concert of our favourite polish group " the cult " in warshaw . i had the chance to help at the concert . you can't imagine how happy i was . i got money for that job and i enjoyed the work a lot . you know i'm good in mace-up and i have done many times scenography . they were pleased that i can do two of this job that's why i got the work . i was working like crazy but i enjoyed a lot . i didn't sleep two nights because i was preparing the stage where they made the concert . 
last month we had the pop concert of our favourite polish group " the cult " in warshaw . i had the chance to help at the concert . you can't imagine how happy i was . i got money for that job and i enjoyed the work a lot . you know i'm good at make-up and i have done scenography many times . they were pleased that i can do two of these jobs , that's why i got the job . i was working like crazy but i enjoyed it a lot . i didn't sleep two nights because i was preparing the stage where they gave the concert . 
could you imagine that they asked me to make the summer scenography . i heard , the atmosphere of their concerts is very hot but i didn't know they like to create this even by scenography . 
could you imagine that they asked me to make the summer scenography . i heard , the atmosphere of their concerts is very hot but i didn't know they like to create this even by scenography . 
could you believe that two nights i was cutting paper's flowers , grass , the sun and thousands of birds . i didn't have many people who was helping me that's why i was working 48 hours without stopping . 
could you believe that two nights i was cutting paper flowers , grass , the sun and thousands of birds . i didn't have many people who were helping me , that's why i was working 48 hours without stopping . 
i think the result of that action was marvelous . everybody was very suprise that you can create such amazing things , using a sizors and papers . i like a lot the mountains which i made . from the distance they looked very real . i just rulled a paper and i painted a little white colours on the top . in front of the stage i put the grass and a lot of flowers . the light on the stage was very bright and very warm what's made the scenery very pleasent . 
i think the result of that action was marvellous . everybody was very surprise surprised that you can create such amazing things , using scissors and paper . i liked the mountains which i made a lot . from a distance they looked very real . i just rulled paper and i painted a little white colours on the top . in front of the stage i put the grass and a lot of flowers . the light on the stage was very bright and very warm which made the scenery very pleasant . 
after that i prepared the group . i done mace-up for them . i was very happy because on this time i had a chance talking to them and to know more about them . they are very nice people even audrey who seems very stupid . she is very intelligent . i really don't know why she behave herself so badly during her interview . i got their address so we can visit them one day . 
after that i prepared the group . i did their make-up for them . i was very happy because during this time i had a chance to talk to them and to find out more about them . they are very nice people . even audrey who seems very stupid . she is very intelligent . i really don't know why she behaves so badly during her interview . i got their address so we can visit them one day . 
i told them about you and they said we are very welcome any time . i told them you are full of live and they are yours favourite polish group . they like to know you a lot . we'll speak about it when i come to see you . 
i told them about you and they said we are very welcome any time . i told them you are full of life and they are your favourite polish group . they would like to know you a lot . we'll speak about it when i come to see you . 
i hope to see you soon . 
i hope to see you soon . 
a lot of kisses . 
a lot of kisses . 
dear helen ryan , 
dear helen ryan , 
i am writing with reference to your letter , which i have just received . i am very happy to hear that i have won the first prize in your competition . 
i am writing with reference to your letter , which i have just received . i am very happy to hear that i have won the first prize in your competition . 
i am really excited to travel at camp california in the usa because i like to know people of other countries . 
i am really excited to travel to camp california in the usa because i like to get to know people from other countries . 
as i only have holidays on july i would like to travel on this month . 
as i only have holidays in july i would like to travel in this month . 
i would prefer to have accommodation in log cabins because i like to be comfortable and i don't like to be lied down on the floor inside a tent . 
i would prefer to stay in a log cabin because i like to be comfortable and i don't like to be lain lie down on the floor inside a tent . 
i would like to play basketball because i love this game . i used to play when i was at high school . i think that i am a very competitive player , as well or a technical player . also i would like to do swimming . i think that i am very fast swimming but i don't have good style and technic . 
i would like to play basketball because i love this game . i used to play when i was at high school . i think that i am a very competitive player , as well as a good technical player . also i would like to do swimming . i think that i am a very fast swimmer but i don't have good style or technique . 
i would be grateful if you could send me more information about what clothes and money i must take . 
i would be grateful if you could send me more information about what clothes and money i must take . 
i look forward to hearing from you as soon as possible . 
i look forward to hearing from you as soon as possible . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
rael medinah
rael medinah
dear kim , 
dear kim , 
i have been helping to organise a pop concert in dublin . as you know i love irish music so i was very happy when the organisers of the concert phone me to help them . 
i have been helping to organise a pop concert in dublin . as you know i love irish music so i was very happy when the organisers of the concert phoned me to help them . 
the organisers paid for my acommodation and travel to ireland . 
the organisers paid for my accommodation and flight to ireland . 
i arrived at ireland on 2th july . on my first day i didn't work . on the next day i helped them to built the scenary and i had enough time to visit a museum in dublin in the evening . on my third day i helped them to install the sound system . while we were installing the sound system we listened irish music and suddenly we saw to u2 , which is my favourite group , going inside the stadium and they played music for us . 
i arrived in ireland on 2nd july . on my first day i didn't work . on the next day i helped them to build the scenery and i had enough time to visit a museum in dublin in the evening . on my third day i helped them to install the sound system . while we were installing the sound system we listened to irish music and suddenly we saw u2 , which is my favourite group , going inside the stadium and they played music for us . 
i could speak to my favourite singer 'bono' , i could meet him and i helped him to repair his guitar because it didn't sound very well . 
i could speak to my favourite singer 'bono' . i could meet him and i helped him to repair his guitar because it didn't sound very good . 
the rest of the days i wasn't doing anything especial , just i helped to organise the rehearsals of the differents group who were going to play in the concert . 
for the remaining days i wasn't doing anything special , i just helped to organise the rehearsals of the different groups who were going to play in the concert . 
best wishes , 
best wishes , 
dears sirs:
dear sirs:
i would like to travel in july , before is not possible for me , i'll have to finish my exams' , the lastest of them will be on 30th of juny . 
i would like to travel in july , before is not possible for me , i'll have to finish my exams . the last of them will be on the 30th of juny . 
about my accommodation i prefer the tents , i like them , every year i go 15 days out with my tent and some friends . i like to sleep outside on the grass . the weather will be no cold doesn't it ? 
about my accommodation , i prefer tents . i like them . every year i go 15 days out with my tent and some friends . i like to sleep outside on the grass . the weather won't be cold , will it ? 
i'd like to play gold and tennis , i practis both since i was young , and i like them , but i don't have enough time to play , and my level isn't as good as i'll like . 
i'd like to play golf and tennis . i practise play have played both since i was young , and i like them , but i don't have enough time to play , and my level isn't as good as i'd like . 
in order to know what sort of the clothes i have to take , please can you inform me about the normal weather for this periode ? i'm not used to hight temperatures , i don't like so much the hot weather . 
in order to know what sort of clothes i have to take , please can you tell me about the normal weather for this period ? i'm not used to high temperatures . i don't like the hot weather so much . 
how expensive the live is there ? i have a master card , it's possible to use it in your country or it's better to take american express or visa ? i wait your answer
how expensive living is is living there ? i have a master card ; is it possible to use it in your country or is it better to take american express or visa ? i am waiting for your answer
your sincerely 
yours faithfully 
one of the most important think we have to film is our bycicle classes , our school is now the best of the country in all ages we are prest with this , we can show what we do in order to be the best . if it sould be possible we can make an interview to the last winner . 
one of the most important thing things we have to film is our bicycle classes . our school is now the best in the country in all ages . we are prest with this . we can show what we do in order to be the best . if it should be is possible we can conduct an interview with the last winner . 
should be good to show the swimming poole , the gim , etc . 
would it would be good to show the swimming pool , the gym , etc . 
and an other hand we have also a very important museum , and very beatiful building in the school , bowls them ! ! 
and on the other hand we also have a very important museum , and a very beautiful building in the school grounds , bowls them ! ! 
we can also show one off de youngest classes and at the end one off de oldest , with this , the people who see the video will know the progres of our students . 
we can also show one of the youngest classes and at the end one of the oldest , this way . this way , the people who see the video will see the progress of our students . 
at the end of the video we can show , in front off the principal building all the students an all the teachers like a old photo . 
at the end of the video we can show in front of the main building all the students and all the teachers all the students and all the teachers in front of the main building like an old photo . 
dear miss ryan , 
dear miss ryan , 
i am very glad received your letter , and very happy won first prize in your competition . i am writing to answer your question and ask further information . 
i am very glad to have received your letter , and very happy to have won first prize in your competition . i am writing to answer your question and ask for further information . 
first of all , i am a high school student , so i only have four weeks vacation on july . i would like to travel on july . secondly , for me , the best way to live in outdoor is in tents , because that will be a good chance to learn a lot of knowledge about planets and animals as well . 
first of all , i am a high school student , so i only have four weeks' vacation in july . i would like to travel in july . secondly , for me , the best way to live in the outdoors is in tents , because that is a good chance to acquire a lot of knowledge about the planets and the animals as well . 
moreover , i am good at play basketball , in fact , i am the captain in basketball team which is one of the best teenagers team in my city , and i also like singing . i play piano very well . two of my friends and i have a band , we sometimes perform in my school club . 
moreover , i am good at playing basketball . in fact , i am the captain in the basketball team , which is one of the best teenage teams in my city , and i also like singing . i play piano very well . two of my friends and i have a band . we sometimes perform in my school club . 
could you tell me something about clothes and money which is i need to take with me . 
could you tell me something about the clothes and money which i need to take with me . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
suitable lessons and activities
suitable lessons and activities
to: mrs oliviar
to: mrs oliviar
from: hua tang
from: hua tang
date: 13th june
date: 13th june
introduction: the aim of this report is to summerize the suitable lessons and activities be filmed . 
introduction: the aim of this report is to summarize the right lessons and activities to be filmed . 
lessons: 1 music
lessons: 1 music
music is traditional lesson in our school , everyone in our school can play at least one instruments , so music lesson should be film and to express music is one of our school daily life style . 
music is a traditional subject in our school . everyone in our school can play at least one instrument , so music lessons should be filmed to show music is part of our school's daily lifestyle life . 
2 . maths
2 . maths
according to some survey which have done by another students . every student in our school has one math class everyday . so , maths lesson would be filmed . 
according to a survey which has been conducted by other students , every student in our school has one maths class every day . so , maths lessons should be filmed . 
activities . basketball
activities . basketball
our school basketball team is one of the best teenagers team in our city , and every afternoon students are all play basketball in playground . so , basketball should be filmed . 
our school basketball team is one of the best teenage teams in our city , and every afternoon students are all playing basketball in the playground . so , basketball should be filmed . 
conclution 
conclusion 
sum up , the daily life in our school should film music class , maths class and student playing basketball . 
to sum up , the daily life in our school should film music class , maths class and students playing basketball . 
dear ms helen ryan
dear ms ryan
i write to find out further information and give you some details about myself and the travel that i have won in your competition . 
i am writing to find out further information and give you some details about myself and the trip that i have won in your competition . 
first of all , i would like to inform you that i am able to travel only in july . because , i am a student and in june , i will still have school . also , in augost i will be studying a summer english course . 
first of all , i would like to inform you that i am able to travel only in july because i am a student and in june , i will still have school . also , in august i will be studying a summer course in english . 
in addition , i would prefer to stay in a tent . because i would like to stay somewhere which differs from my home and every days comforts , in these two weeks . 
in addition , i would prefer to stay in a tent because i would like to stay somewhere which differs from my home and everyday comforts , during these two weeks . 
however , in your letter is written some activities . i would choose basketball and tennis . basketball i have been playing in a team , of my town for ten years . also tennis is my favourite hobby and i play twice every week with my friends . 
however , in your letter you mentioned some activities . i would choose basketball and tennis . i have been playing basketball in a team in my town for ten years . also tennis is my favourite hobby and i play twice a week with my friends . 
finally , i would be grateful to you , if you told me about clothes and money . will we need any special clothes and how much you would suggest me to carry for these two weeks ? 
finally , i would be grateful to you if you would tell me about clothes and money . will we need any special clothes and how much would you suggest i carry bring for these two weeks ? 
i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely 
yours sincerely 
dear kim
dear kim
how are you ? i am very well i'm writing to explain my experience with the pop concert ; last month . 
how are you ? i am very well . i'm writing to tell you about my experience with the pop concert last month . 
first of all , i think that i help them . every day of that month i was trying to advertise this concert . i was going to markets to schools and i was giving information when and where the group was going to appear as well as where can they buy or book a ticket for this concert . i know , it was difficult and tired but i enjoyed a lot . firstly , it was a good break from the routine . because i did it for first time . also , i felt wonderful when i saw , that the concert had succesed and every day was croweded . because i believed that this was a result which came with my help . i would like to do again it in the future . it was a fantastic experience . 
first of all , i think that i helped them . every day of that month i was trying to advertise this concert . i was going to markets and to schools and i was giving out information about when and where the group was going to appear as well as where could people people could buy or book a ticket for this concert . i know it was difficult and tiring but i enjoyed it a lot . firstly , it was a good break from the usual routine because i was doing it for the first time . also , i felt wonderful when i saw that the concert was a success and every day it was crowded because i believed that this was a result which came about with my help . i would like to do it again in the future . it was a fantastic experience . 
i'm looking forward to hearing from you . 
i'm looking forward to hearing from you . 
best wishes
best wishes
dear mrs ryan , 
dear mrs ryan , 
thank you for your letter and congratulations ! i have always been interested in visiting other contries . in fact it didn't want to ask my parents for money , and going on holiday with you would be an ideal solution . 
thank you for your letter and congratulations ! i have always been interested in visiting other countries . in fact i didn't want to ask my parents for money , and going on holiday with you is an ideal solution . 
i will be having my exams durind this month , so i can't travel before july . also i'm going to meet a director of smith'th travel agency for interview concerning possible work with english-speaking tourists . as you can see , i will be available only in july . 
i will be having my exams during this month , so i can't travel before july . also i'm going to meet a director of smith'th travel agency for an interview concerning possible work with english-speaking tourists . as you can see , i will be available only in july . 
as regards accommodation , i would like to stay in tents , because i used to going on holiday with my friends and staying in tents . it is just wonderful . 
as regards accommodation , i would like to stay in tents , because i used to go on holiday with my friends and stay in tents . it is just wonderful . 
in my spare time i like to play basketball for a local team of which i have recently been made captain . i would now like to learn how to play tennis and golf , if it is possible . 
in my spare time i like to play basketball for a local team of which i have recently been made captain . i would now like to learn how to play tennis and golf , if it is possible . 
could you please let me know what kind of weather will be there in july , what sorts of clothing i'd better take with me . is there an extra charge for some trips , which might put them beyond my means . 
could you please let me know what kind of weather there will be in july , what sorts of clothing i'd better take with me . is there an extra charge for some trips , which might put them beyond my means ? 
i look forward to hearing from you soon . 
i look forward to hearing from you soon . 
yours faithfully , 
yours faithfully , 
raisa sharapova
raisa sharapova
to: dinara safina
to: dinara safina
from: raisa
from: raisa
re: daily life at our school . 
re: daily life at our school . 
as requested , it has collected some information about the school . below is a summary of the most important relevent points with some recommendations . 
as requested , i have collected some information about the school . below is a summary of the most important relevant points with some recommendations . 
1 . the fully-equipped computer centre in the main building is extremelly good . lessons are very interesting and full of fun . our teacher is friendly and he encourages us to study well . however , there are no enough computers and sometimes we have to study in pairs . i suggest to increase the number of them , because it will be more exiting to film . 
1 . the fully equipped computer centre in the main building is extremely good . lessons are very interesting and full of fun . our teacher is friendly and he encourages us to study well . however , there are not enough computers and sometimes we have to study in pairs . i suggest increasing the number of them , because it will be more exciting to film . 
2 . the school arranges an amasing range of activities , such as excuintions , sports and different kinds of trips . although there is plenty for us to do during the day , the most funny events happen while we are playing basketball and football . i must say , i think this is the best time for making a short video . 
2 . the school arranges an amazing range of activities , such as excursions , sports and different kinds of trips . although there is plenty for us to do during the day , the funniest events happen while we are playing basketball and football . i must say , i think this is the best time for making a short video . 
conclusion . 
conclusion . 
our school is an ideal place for making a short video . there are many interesting lessons and other activities . i do recommend , however , to make a short video about
our school is an ideal place for making a short video . there are many interesting lessons and other activities . i do recommend , however , making a short video about
a ) lessons in the computer centre
a ) lessons in the computer centre
b ) basketball and football games . 
b ) basketball and football games . 
dear helen ryan , 
dear helen ryan , 
i have just received your letter where you inform me i have won the first prize in the competition and now , i'd like to express my opinion about the questions you have written on it . 
i have just received your letter where you inform me i have won the first prize in the competition and now i'd like to express my opinion about the questions you have written in it . 
first of all , i would like to travel only in the month of july , because during the month of june , i'm going to work and in september i have to study a lot , because school will start . speaking about accommodation , between tents and log cabins , i woul prefer tents , because i love the adventure and also because i can be freer . 
first of all , i would like to travel only in the month of july , because during the month of june i'm going to work and in september i have to study a lot , because school will start . regarding accommodation , between tents and log cabins , i would prefer a tent , because i love adventure and also because i can be freer . 
i know i will have the chance to do two activities , so i have choosen two from your list: basketball , because i have been playing it since i was eight and i have been taking part in a strong team for three years . 
i know i will have the chance to do two activities , so i have chosen two from your list: basketball , because i have been playing it since i was eight and i have been part of a strong team for three years . 
the other one i have choosen is swimming; for the same reason why i chose basketball . but , what about clothes , money , food ? 
the other one i have chosen is swimming; for the same reason why i chose basketball . but , what about clothes , money , food ? 
i hope you will take my answers into consideration . thank you for now . 
i hope you will take my answers into consideration . thank you for now . 
yours faithfuly 
yours faithfully sincerely 
simone pausini
simone pausini
many people " see " at shopping like an amusement , but i think it's not always a good translation to give it . in my opinion to do shopping is often funny , above all when you can enter without difficulties into a shop . for exemple , if the shop is full of people , is not enjoyable , because they will create too confusion , too noise with the risk of leaving time . shopping is a funny thing to do , not when you are in a hurry , but when you have free time and when you can relax yourself . another thing that regardes me , is that i enjoy my self more when i know i have to do shopping for me than when it's for my parents or for somebody else ! ! ! 
many people " see " shopping as an amusement , but i think it's not always a good translation to give it . in my opinion shopping is often fun , above all when you can enter without difficulties a shop a shop without difficulties . for example , if the shop is full of people , it is not enjoyable , because they will create too much confusion , too much noise with the risk of wasting time . shopping is a fun thing to do , not when you are in a hurry , but when you have some free time and when you can relax . another thing that regards occurs to me , is that i enjoy myself more when i know i have to go shopping for myself than when it's for my parents or for somebody else ! ! ! 
dear ms ryan , 
dear ms ryan , 
i was so surprised and delighted as well receiving from you such wonderful news ! thanks the god , you did me really happy . 
i was so surprised and delighted as well to receive from you such wonderful news ! thank god , you made me really happy . 
from your letter i was pleased to know that all accommodation and travel costs are paid for . but could you , please , let me have more details about my award . what kind of people will be invited at your camp in this summer ? i would like to know with whome i'll share sach a wonderful days with the sport activities . 
from your letter i was pleased to learn that all accommodation and travel costs are paid for . but could you , please , let me have more details about my prize . what kind of people will be invited to your camp this summer ? i would like to know with whom i'll share such wonderful days with the sports activities . 
about sport . . . i must be honest: i'm not very keen on sport . but i will be glad to swimming and sailing for some weeks . i have been learnt to paint . and i would prefer to have a nice audience for my poetry as well , i'm a poet , yeas . 
about sport . . . i must be honest: i'm not very keen on sport . but i will be glad to go swimming and sailing for a few weeks . i have been learning to paint . and i would prefer to have a nice audience for my poetry as well . i'm a poet , yeas . 
i would be choose a month july , because i'm free in this time from family's duties . 
i would choose the month of july , because i'm free at this time from family duties . 
what about another camp conditions - it does not matter for me . i can stay in tents or log cabins , how you wish . 
about the other camp conditions - it does not matter for me . i can stay in tents or log cabins , whatever you wish . 
sent me , please , news about july . 
send me , please , news about july . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
fu-su harp
fu-su harp
dear kim , 
dear kim , 
i hope that you still ok and now are preparing for me a new nice letter ! i hope so ! 
i hope that you are still ok and now are preparing for me a nice new letter ! i hope so ! 
i have been written to you that my life in london was a little bit boring for me . it was true . but now all things became absolutly changed ! 
i have been writing to you that my life in london has been a little bit boring for me . it was true . but now everything absolutely completely changed has completely changed ! 
i found the kind of activity what i looking for four ages . my russian friend ivited me to set up a new exiting business . we established a firm which has a deal with musicians and contemporary pop stars . can you imagine ! 
i found the kind of activity that i have been looking for for ages . my russian friend invited me to set up an exiting new business . we established a firm which has a deal with musicians and contemporary pop stars . can you imagine ! 
first of all , in order of our firm purpose i wrote an inventation to my favorite idol - a poet and a singer boris grebenchekoff . we were renting for him a special hall near piccadilly circus . the hall was crowded . his one-week concert programme was so succsessful that we decided to invite him else , as soon as tickets would be sold . i had a nice expirience as manager too . i would like to be a professional in this stage , yeas . do you share my idea , kim ? is not it a brilliant idea ? 
first of all , in order to our firm purpose i wrote an invitation to my favourite idol - the poet and singer boris grebenchekoff . we rented for him a special hall near piccadilly circus . the hall was crowded . his one-week concert programme was so successful that we decided to invite him else , as soon as the tickets were all sold . i had a nice experience as manager too . i would like to be a professional in this area , yeas . do you share my ambition , kim ? isn't it a brilliant idea ? 
you know , kim , i'm always looking for purpose of human being . not only - to live , but to have something to live for . now i did my choice . 
you know , kim , i'm always looking for an aim in life . not only - to live , but to have something to live for . now i made have made my choice . 
good luck to you as well ! 
good luck to you as well ! 
p . s . your present , a small toy , a white hose - i always keep with me , it helps me to pass my exams . 
p . s . your present , a small toy , a white hose - i always keep with me , it helps me to pass my exams . 
with love -
with love -
dear helen ryan
dear helen ryan
i am writting about this letter that i recently received from you , which is about a competition that i have won the first prize . 
i am writing about the letter that i recently received from you , which is about a competition in which i have won the first prize . 
i would like to know if is possible for me going on july , because i have school on the others months , and it is impossible for me going on december or january . 
i would like to know if it is possible for me to go in july , because i have school in the other months , and it is impossible for me to go in december or january . 
about the accommodation , i would prefer log cabins instand of tents , because is safer and more confortable . 
about the accommodation , i would prefer a log cabin instead of a tent , because it is safer and more comfortable . 
the two activities that i prefer will be basketball , because i had the experience to play in my school's big for almoust a year , and photography , which is a hobby that i am good at and i practice since i was ten . 
the two activities that i prefer are basketball , because i played in my school's team for almost a year , and photography , which is a hobby that i am good at and i practise have practised have done since i was ten . 
on top of everything , i would like to ask how much money should i take , and which type of clothes are the best to wear in the competition . 
on top of everything , i would like to ask how much money i should take , and what type of clothes are the best to wear in the competition . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
elisa f . 
elisa f . 
shopping is not always enjoyable
shopping is not always enjoyable
if you are used to go to the shopping very often , maybe is because you don't know about all the others good things you can do on your weekend . 
if you are used to going shopping very often , maybe it is because you don't know about all the other good things you can do on your weekend . 
people are used to go to the shopping because it is easier and familiare , it is one place where you can have lunch or dinner , watch some movie after that , and if you want buy something at the shops . 
people are used to going to the shopping centre because it is easy and familiar . it is one place where you can have lunch or dinner , watch a movie after that , and , if you want , buy something at the shops . 
on the other hand , everything at the shopping is more expensive , because the people that buy on it usually don't compare prices or look for cheaper shops , because all they need it is already at this place . 
on the other hand , everything at the shopping centre is more expensive , because the people that shop there usually don't compare prices or look for cheaper shops , because all they need is already at this place . 
instand of going to the theather , which is more cultural , or even do a picnic on the ikurapiura park , people prefer spends all their money at shoppings . 
instead of going to the theatre , which is more cultural , or even have having a picnic at ikurapiura park , people prefer spending all their money at shopping centres . 
so , why don't we try to change our customs and start to do knew things to enjoy ourselves . 
so , why don't we try to change our habits and start to do new things to enjoy ourselves . 
dear mrs helen ryan , 
dear mrs helen ryan , 
thank you very much for your letter . i am glad to be informed that i have won first prize in your competition . i am now writting this letter to give you further information about myself with pleasure . 
thank you very much for your letter . i am glad to be informed that i have won first prize in your competition . i am now writing this letter to give you further information about myself with pleasure . 
firstly , the date i would like to travel on would only be in july . since i am a full-time student , i will not have finished my lessons until the end of june . in addition , i will be busy with my cousework in august . 
firstly , the date i would like to travel on would only be in july . since i am a full-time student , i will not have finished my lessons until the end of june . in addition , i will be busy with my course work in august . 
regarding to the accomodation , i would prefer to stay in tents because i think it will be closer to the nature . i am sure i will have a lot of fun and release myself from the busy study totally . 
regarding the accommodation , i would prefer to stay in tents because i think it will be closer to nature . i am sure i will have a lot of fun and release myself from the busy study totally . 
i am pretty good at painting . i have won several prizes in the competitions which were held by my college . on the other hand , i started to play tennis at the age of six . tennis is my favourate sports evant . so i would like to choose these two activities while i am at the camp . 
i am pretty good at painting . i have won several prizes in the competitions which were held by my college . on the other hand , i started to play tennis at the age of six . tennis is my favourite event sport . so i would like to do these two activities while i am at the camp . 
lastly , i have some questions to ask you . since i have never been to u . s . a , i know nothing about it . would you like to tell me how much should be taken with me as pocket money and what shall i wear at that time ? 
lastly , i have some questions to ask you . since i have never been to the u . s . a , i know nothing about it . would you like to tell me how much i should take with me as pocket money and what should i wear at that time of year ? 
i will be grateful for your help . i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
i will be grateful for your help . i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
best wishes . 
best wishes . 
yours faithfully 
yours sincerely 
shopping is not always enjoyable
shopping is not always enjoyable
shopping , is becoming a popular way of killing time nowdays . in some peoples' opinion , shopping and spending money is a kind of fun and they can even get self-satisfaction from it . 
shopping is becoming a popular way of killing time nowadays . in some people's opinion , shopping and spending money is a kind of amusement and they can even get satisfaction from it . 
however , more and more people are now asking , " is shopping always so enjoyable ? " in my view , the answer is , no . 
however , more and more people are now asking , " is shopping always so enjoyable ? " in my view , the answer is , no . 
firstly , since more and more people go shopping , shops are always so crowded , especially the popular ones . try to imagine the scence : twenty or thirty or even more people are keeping a quel outside the fitting room . would you say that shopping is enjoyable ? would you be patient enough to wait for half an hour or more just because you wanna buy a t-shirt ? 
firstly , since more and more people go shopping , shops are always so crowded , especially the popular ones . try to imagine the scene : twenty or thirty or even more people are in a queue outside the fitting room . would you say that shopping is enjoyable ? would you be patient enough to wait for half an hour or more just because you want to buy a t-shirt ? 
secondly , the cost is also a problem . it will be really an annoying thing when you are keen on something but you can't afford it . one of my friend , emma , happened to see a fantastic jacket which costs 105 . then she spent all her spare time doing part-time jobs to earn money . after a week , she had got enough money and rushed to that shop . but it was just not there ! she felt really badly after that . so , would you still say that shopping is enjoyable ? 
secondly , the cost is also a problem . it is a really annoying thing when you are keen on something but you can't afford it . one of my friends , emma , happened to see a fantastic jacket which costs 105 . then she spent all her spare time doing part-time jobs to earn money . after a week , she had got enough money and rushed to that shop . but it was just not there ! she felt really bad after that . so , would you still say that shopping is enjoyable ? 
more and more people find that there are a lot of nicer things they can do rather than shopping . shopping is not always enjoyable . sometimes it can be a waste of time . so , let's have a new life style in this new generation ! 
more and more people find that there are a lot of nicer things they can do rather than shopping . shopping is not always enjoyable . sometimes it can be a waste of time . so , let's have a new lifestyle in this new generation ! 
tito torres vargas
tito torres vargas
elizabeth gaskell college
elizabeth gaskell college
manchester , uk
manchester , uk
helen ryan
helen ryan
competition organizer
competition organizer
dear madam , 
dear madam , 
thank you for this great opportunity to travel with you for free ! i entered the competition you organized but never expected to be the lucky winner . 
thank you for this great opportunity to travel with you for free ! i entered the competition you organized but never expected to be the lucky winner . 
i could only travel on the first week of july because i have to join my parents on their trip to italy , due to start on the 20th . 
i could only travel in the first week of july because i have to join my parents on their trip to italy , due to start on the 20th . 
the accomodation that best suits me is in log cabins , as the space in tents is very limited and i am not used to have all my belongings in order and packed at all times . 
the accommodation that best suits me is the log cabin , as the space in tents is very limited and i am not used to having all my belongings in order and packed at all times . 
in respect of the activities you offer , it is difficult to choose in such a hugh variety , but i prefer to do those i better know as climbing . i've been studying photography on my own , and i am looking forward to practise new techniques and take pictures of new landscapes . 
with regard to the activities you offer , it is difficult to choose from such a huge variety , but i prefer to do those i know better such as climbing . i've been studying photography on my own , and i am looking forward to practising new techniques and taking pictures of new landscapes . 
please send me a list of the items i many need there , including the most appropriate clothes for the american weather . i would also like to know in advance the amount of money i need to bring for expenses that will not be included . 
please send me a list of the items i may need there , including the most appropriate clothes for the american weather . i would also like to know in advance the amount of money i need to bring for expenses that will not be included . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
shopping is not always enjoyable
shopping is not always enjoyable
most of us would agree on that . who has never had a bad experience related with an unsatisfactory product ? moreover , who has the freedom to buy with an unlimited budget whatever they need ? and finally who has all the time needed to do so ? 
most of us would agree on that . who has never had a bad experience related to an unsatisfactory product ? moreover , who has the freedom to buy on an unlimited budget whatever they need whatever they need on an unlimited budget ? and finally who has all the time needed to do so ? 
there are many things that can go wrong in the process of adquiring a product or service . and whenever money is involved , some problems are likely to happen . thieves will try to put their hands in our wallets and purses , and even the so called 'plastic money' is not always safe . 
there are many things that can go wrong in the process of acquiring a product or service . and whenever money is involved , some problems are likely to arise . thieves will try to put their hands in our wallets and purses , and even the so-called 'plastic money' is not always safe . 
hunting on the high street , or the shopping malls , for the desired bargain - because we cant afford otherwise to buy - becomes often a desperate atempt to reach a living promoted by the new consuming society . and nobody can say they would rather go back to the caverns' age where money was not even invented . 
hunting on the high street , or the shopping malls for the desired bargain - because we can't afford otherwise to buy anything to buy anything otherwise - often becomes a desperate attempt to attain a lifestyle promoted by the new consumerist society . and nobody can say they would rather go back to the stone age when money was not even invented . 
with more free time and more money to spend than ever , shopping is a great activity , but when this creates bad habits as overspending , could lead to serious problems . 
with more free time and more money to spend than ever , shopping is a great activity , but when this creates bad habits such as overspending , it could lead to serious problems . 
at the end all depends in our attitud to life , including shopping . i particularly enjoy making lists of the products before going shopping . but even without money to spend is fun to rush from time to time in the sales that seasonaly appear , or simply look at the superb displays that shops have in their showrooms . 
in the end everything depends on our attitude to life , including shopping . i particularly enjoy making lists of the products before going shopping . but even without money to spend it is fun to rush from time to time through the sales that seasonally appear , or simply look at the superb displays that shops have in their showrooms . 
shopping may be enjoyable or not at all ! 
shopping may be enjoyable or not at all ! 
dear helen ryan , 
dear helen ryan , 
i have seen your letter for camp california in the u . s . a and i would like to travel in july because i am pretty busy with my studies and i am working with my dad in his office now . 
i have seen your letter about camp california in the u . s . a and i would like to travel in july because i am pretty busy with my studies and i am working with my dad in his office now . 
first of all , you state in the letter that the accommodation at camp california is in tents or log cabins . i would prefer to stay in tents because i like being in contact with the nature life . 
first of all , you state in the letter that the accommodation at camp california is in tents or log cabins . i would prefer to stay in a tent because i like being in contact with nature . 
secondly , from the list of activities that you are also state in the letter i would prefer swimming because when i was a child i practised this sport for 8 years . in addition , i would prefer photography too because i love taking photos . 
secondly , from the list of activities that you provide in the letter i would prefer swimming because when i was a child i did this sport for 8 years . in addition , i would prefer photography too because i love taking photos . 
finally , it would be grateful if you could clarify what kind of clothes i must be taken and how much i will spend during the stay at the camp . 
finally , i would be grateful if you could clarify what kind of clothes i must take and how much i will spend during the stay at the camp . 
i look forward to hearing from you
i look forward to hearing from you
yours sincerelly 
yours sincerely 
dear kim , 
dear kim , 
many thanks for your last letter . i'm sorry i haven't written for so long but as you can imagine i've been pretty busy with my studies . 
many thanks for your last letter . i'm sorry i haven't written for so long but as you can imagine i've been pretty busy with my studies . 
anyway , the reason i'm writing is that you asked me about my experience with the most famous pop group in america: " mana " 
anyway , the reason i'm writing is that you asked me about my experience with the most famous pop group in america: " mana " 
jane's grandfather was the organiser of the pop concert and jane had invited me to help in the event . first i didn't accept but finally she conviced me . it was the most excited experience i have ever had ! i helped with the lights and i was in charge of the food and drinks . i did hamburgers and hot dogs and i prepare orange juices . 
jane's grandfather was the organiser of the pop concert and jane had invited me to help at the event . first i didn't accept but finally she convinced me . it was the most exciting experience i have ever had ! i helped with the lights and i was in charge of the food and drink . i did hamburgers and hot dogs and i prepared orange juices . 
it was grateful because i knew a lot of people and the most important person was alex , the baterist of the group . you know he is my love ! he's good-looking . 
it was great because i got to know a lot of people and the most important person was alex , the drummer of the group . you know he is my love ! he's good looking . 
i enjoyed very much . 
i enjoyed very much . 
give my love to your family
give my love to your family
write soon
write soon
love , 
love , 
dear mrs . ryan:
dear mrs . ryan:
having won the trip to california delights me and i am providing you the further informations you asked for:
having won the trip to california delights me and i am providing you with the further information you asked for:
i only have two months of vacation that are july and august and since i must visit my grandparents in august , the only time possible is july . 
i only have two months of vacation in july and august and since i must visit my grandparents in august , the only time possible is july . 
i would prefer a tent rather than a log cabin because i have been told that the californiai summer is hot and dry so because a tent's wind circulation is better , it would create a confortable coolness . the two activities i would like to do are basketball and surfing . i have played basketball during 5 years in an amateur franchise and still play on a playground regularly so my skills are good . on the other hand , i am a complete debutant concerning surfing . this sport has always attracted me due to its contact with the sea and the great sensations it provides and i believe this is the perfect occasion to initiate myself to the exciting sport , i still have some questions to ask you:
i would prefer a tent rather than a log cabin because i have been told that the californian summer is hot and dry so , because a tent's wind circulation is better , it would create a comfortable coolness . the two activities i would like to do are basketball and surfing . i have played basketball for 5 years in an amateur team and still play on a playground regularly so my skills are good . on the other hand , i am a complete beginner at surfing . this sport has always attracted me due to its contact with the sea and the great sensations it provides and i believe this is the perfect opportunity to introduce myself to this exciting sport . i still have some questions to ask you:
do i need to bring particular clothing like a surfing suit , for instance ? is any " pocket money " required in case there is something i need to pay for ? and finally , is somebody going to fetch me at the airport or am i supposed to get to the camp on my own and get refunded afterwards ? 
do i need to bring any particular clothing , like a wet suit , for instance ? is any " pocket money " required in case there is something i need to pay for ? and finally , is somebody going to meet me at the airport or am i supposed to get to the camp on my own and get refunded afterwards ? 
best regards
best regards
chi chen
chi chen
shopping seems to be a true pleasure at first: spending money for yourself or people you appreciate is very satisfying and enjoyable , but it can also be a real nightmare . 
shopping seems to be a true pleasure at first: spending money on yourself or people you like is very satisfying and enjoyable , but it can also be a real nightmare . 
you often enter a shop and see people everywhere so you have to squeeze yourself through the alleys to take a look at a product . after long hours of hesitation , you decide to buy a product but discover that it is out of price . frustrated , you nevertheless pick something cheaper and advance towards the cashiers . there , you find an enormous queue waiting for you but you still have to stay up even though your tired legs demand a seat . it is finally your turn and you reluctantly hand the money over to the hypocrital cashier . 
you often enter a shop and see people everywhere so you have to squeeze yourself through the aisles to take a look at a product . after long hours of hesitation , you decide to buy a product but discover that it is overpriced . frustrated , you nevertheless pick something cheaper and advance towards the cashiers . there , you find an enormous queue waiting for you but you still have to stand up even though your tired legs demand a seat . it is finally your turn and you reluctantly hand the money over to the hypocritical cashier . 
then , you can rest a little and examine the product a little closer but unluckily , it does not provide the satisfaction you may have wished for . instead , you keep thinking about the initial product you could not afford , resulting into more frustration and tiredness . 
then , you can rest a little and examine the product a little closer but , unfortunately , it does not provide the satisfaction you may have wished for . instead , you keep thinking about the initial product you could not afford , resulting in more frustration and tiredness . 
so there are several plausible reasons why shopping is not always enjoyable . 
so there are several plausible reasons why shopping is not always enjoyable . 
dear mrs ryan , 
dear mrs ryan , 
i am writing to enquire about the competition that i won and give some details to you about myself and my interests . 
i am writing to enquire about the competition that i won and give some details to you about myself and my interests . 
in the first place , i prefer to travel on july because my school will not be closed before this date . secondly , a tent holiday is always attracted me so i would like to stay in a tent rather than in a log cabin . 
in the first place , i prefer to travel in july because my school will not be closed before this date . secondly , a camping holiday has always attracted me so i would like to stay in a tent rather than in a log cabin . 
in my spare time , i enjoy playing basketball with my friends and i also like swimming . when i was in primary school , i was one of the members in swimming-school team . i am not really good at basketball but i think it is a good fun . because of these reasons , i choose basketball and swimming from the list which were given . 
in my spare time , i enjoy playing basketball with my friends and i also like swimming . when i was in primary school , i was one of the members of the swimming school school swimming team . i am not really good at basketball but i think it is good fun . for these reasons , i choose basketball and swimming from the list which i was given . 
i would like to know what types of clothes i need and beside this , how much money i need during my vacation . 
i would like to know what types of clothes i need and beside this , how much money i need during my vacation . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
dear kim , 
dear kim , 
it's ages since i've heard from you . i hope you and your family are well . 
it's ages since i've heard from you . i hope you and your family are well . 
last month , i had a great time at the concert of " dragon " which is the most popular hard-rock group all over the world . they had a concert in my hometown that's why the organizators were looking for young people who can speak english . i applied and they took me on . i took part in the security department . the staff in that departnent are really friendly and helpful and they are also huge like giants . basicly , i helped them connecting with the local police and getting some electronical equipments that they needed . they treated me as if i was the private secretary of the department , because of this sometimes i felt that the power was in my hands . by the way , i have already been invited their next concernt . they gave me two free tickets . would you like to come with me ? 
last month , i had a great time at the concert of " dragon " , which is the most popular hard rock group in the world . they had a concert in my home town , that's why the organisers were looking for young people who could speak english . i applied and they took me on . i worked in the security department . the staff in that department were really friendly and helpful and they were also huge , like giants . basically , i helped them connect liaise with the local police and get some electronic equipment that they needed . they treated me as if i was the private secretary of the department , because of this sometimes i felt that the power was in my hands . by the way , i have already been invited to their next concert . they gave me two free tickets . would you like to come with me ? 
looking forward to hearing from you soon . 
looking forward to hearing from you soon . 
love
love
13rd of june
13rd of june
dear helen ryan , 
dear helen ryan , 
i was really happy when your letter arrived and i node that i won the first prize in your competition . 
i was really happy when your letter arrived and i knew learned that i won the first prize in your competition . 
i have never been in the u . s . a . 
i have never been to the u . s . a . 
now i will give you the informations which you asked for . for me it is only possible to travel in july . that is the only month where i have time because after july i have to start with the university . 
now i will give you the information which you asked for . it is only possible for me to travel in july . that is the only month when i have time because after july i have to start at university . 
i would prefer to sleep in a tent because i am used to it . when i was a child my parents and i spent a lot of time at camps . 
i would prefer to sleep in a tent because i am used to it . when i was a child my parents and i spent a lot of time at camps . 
you wrote that i should choose two activities . i have chosen golf because i playing golf sine 1998 and i want to improve it and then i decided to start a new kind of sport and i would like to start with climbing . i could play in the first week golf and in the second i could start with climbing . 
you wrote that i should choose two activities . i have chosen golf because i have been playing golf since 1998 and i want to improve and then i decided to start a new kind of sport and i would like to start climbing . i could play golf in the first week and in the second i could start climbing . 
what about money and clothes ? you know what kind of clothes i need and could you give some advices how much money i will need ? 
what about money and clothes ? you know what kind of clothes i need and could you give some advice on how much money i will need ? 
yours faithfully 
yours sincerely 
shopping is not always enjoyable
shopping is not always enjoyable
i think it depents if you are a man or a woman and now i have to say i am a woman and i enjoy it . 
i think it depends if you are a man or a woman and now i have to say i am a woman and i enjoy it . 
honestly i had never a shopping tour which i didn't enjoy when i was alone . 
honestly i never had a shopping trip which i didn't enjoy alone alone which i didn't enjoy . 
i can remember one shopping tour which i had with a man and it was nightmare . 
i can remember one shopping trip which i went on with a man and it was a nightmare . 
it was a fantastic sunny day and we went to frankfurt and i really needed shows and it is not easy to buy shoes you have to choose carefully . 
it was a fantastic sunny day and we went to frankfurt and i really needed shoes and it is not easy to buy shoes . you have to choose carefully . 
i tried ten pairs of shoes and with every shoe his mood got worse and worse and at the end we had a big fight about everything . 
i tried ten pairs of shoes and with every shoe his mood got worse and worse and in the end we had a big fight about everything . 
we left the shop without shoes , in horrible mood and we went home . now he is my ex . boyfriend ! two days later i went back to the shop and i bought the shoes which i still wear . this was for me the only shopping tour which was not enjoyable . 
we left the shop without any shoes , in a horrible mood and we went home . now he is my ex-boyfriend ! two days later i went back to the shop and i bought the shoes , which i still wear . this was for me the only shopping trip which was not enjoyable . 
to sum up , my advise is that the women should go alone or with a female friend . 
to sum up , my advice is that women should go alone or with a female friend . 
dear helen ryan , 
dear helen ryan , 
i have received your letter today and i would to thank you for the first price . 
i have received your letter today and i would like to thank you for the first prize . 
the best dates for me to travel , would be in july because actually i work in the communication firm and i must ask to my employer when i can take holidays . but i think it will be from the 7 july 2000 to the 21 july 2000 . for the accommodation at camp , i prefer in the log cabins , because few years go , i went camping with some friends and every night it rained and in the tent , it was impossible to sleep because the ground was so wet so for this fact , i choose the log cabins . 
the best dates for me to travel would be in july because actually i work in the communications industry and i must ask my employer when i can take holidays . but i think it will be from the 7 july 2000 to the 21 july 2000 . regarding the accommodation at camp , i prefer the log cabins , because a few years go , i went camping with some friends and every night it rained and in the tent it was impossible to sleep because the ground was so wet . so for this reason , i choose the log cabins . 
for the two activites that i chose are at first swimming , i am in the swimming team and i must go two times per week to entretain me because i have competition every weekend . my second choice , it is basketball . i have played basketball at school and i was one of the best player after that , i decided to coach a team but i should stop because i have started swimming competition . 
for the two activites that i chose are at first swimming . i am in the swimming team and i must go two times per week to train because i have a competition every weekend . my second choice is basketball . i have played basketball at school and i was one of the best players . after that , i decided to coach a team but i should stop because i have started entering swimming competitions . 
for these two weeks , what kind of clothes i must take ? it is including the transport and travel , but for the food and extra hobbies i must take some money . could you tell me approximatively 
for these two weeks , what kind of clothes must i take ? it is including the transport and travel , but for the food and extra activities i must take some money . could you tell me approximately how much ? 
your sincerely
yours sincerely
m . bruni
m . bruni
dear kim , 
dear kim , 
how are you ? i'm fine . 
how are you ? i'm fine . 
you know last month i helped at a pop concert as like security . it was a very good experience . 
you know last month i helped at a pop concert as part of the security . it was a very good experience . 
the concert sarted at 6:00 pm until 2:00 am , and i started to work at 12:00 pm to prepear the scene with the musicians . 
the concert sarted at 6:00 pm until 2:00 am , and i started to work at 12:00 pm to prepare the stage with the musicians . 
after that , at 2:00 pm , when people arrived , i was at the entrance to take the tickets and you know it was incredibale because some people slept all the night in front of the stadium to be in the front row . there were maybe 50 , 000 spectators for this show , it was amazing . when the concert started i had to look round if anybody threw bottles or something else on the scene . i also helped to serve people who would like drink , i was like a barman . i saw old people , child . . . . and for me it was very strange and it was very interessting , because i met a lot of people and the best thing was that i knew the pop group who sang , it was fantastic . if i had an other opportunity to do that i think that i will do . 
after that , at 2:00 pm , when people arrived , i was at the entrance to take the tickets and , you know , it was incredible because some people slept all night in front of the stadium to be in the front row . there were maybe 50 , 000 spectators for this show . it was amazing . when the concert started i had to look round if anybody threw bottles or anything else on the stage . i also helped to serve people who would like to drink . i was like a barman . i saw old people , children . . . . and for me it was very strange and it was very interesting , because i met a lot of people and the best thing was that i knew the pop group who sang . it was fantastic . if i have another opportunity to do that i think that i will do . 
write me as soon as possible . 
write to me as soon as possible . 
dear mrs ryan , 
dear mrs ryan , 
i am writing to give you further information about the two weeks at camp california . 
i am writing to give you further information about the two weeks at camp california . 
first of all , i would like to express my joy for having won that prize . i am very happy . secondly , you would like to know when i will be able to go there . actually , i have asked my boss and he gave me two weeks in july . we have a lot to do at work so it is not easy to have weeks off . thirdly , i prefer staying in a tent than staying in a log cabin . i think it is more fun . concerning the activities , i would choose tennis and sailing . i am very good at tennis . last year , i took part in a competition and i did it well . i have also a licence for sailing but i have not done it for a long time . i need to know what kind of clothes i should take with me . i do not know if things are expensive there . therefore , could you give me an idea of how much money i should bring with me . 
first of all , i would like to express my joy at having won this prize . i am very happy . secondly , you would like to know when i will be able to go there . actually , i have asked my boss and he has given me two weeks off in july . we have a lot to do at work so it is not easy to get weeks off . thirdly , i prefer staying in a tent to staying in a log cabin . i think it is more fun . concerning the activities , i would choose tennis and sailing . i am very good at tennis . last year , i took part in a competition and i did well . i also have a sailing licence but i have not done it for a long time . i need to know what kind of clothes i should take with me . i do not know if things are expensive there . therefore , could you give me an idea of how much money i should bring with me . 
i am looking forwards to receiving more information . 
i am looking forward to receiving more information . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
sofia jordana
sofia jordana
it is saturday . the car park of the supermarket is full . no more trolleys for shopping . all the shops are crowded . some people are in a hurry other are agressive and most of the other are very stressed . 
it is saturday . the the supermarket car park is full . there are no more shopping trolleys . all the shops are crowded . some people are in a hurry , others are aggressive and most of the others are very stressed . 
it is not always like that but we often see such a scene , even though shopping is becoming an entertainement not only for teenagers but also for adults . 
it is not always like that but we often see such a scene , even though shopping is becoming an entertainment not only for teenagers but also for adults . 
we have more and more shops everywhere and they sale everything . because of that , people's need has increase a lot nowadays . it is also the reason why we have all these new supermarkets . in the one hand , it is very enjoyable to go shopping because we can find a lot of things . sometimes we need them and sometimes we don't but it is fun to buy new clothes , furniture and so one . in the other hand , the service in the shops or supermarkets has decrease a lot those last years . the shop assistants are not always nice and sometimes they don't even know a bit about what they sell . 
we have more and more shops everywhere and they sell everything . because of that , people's needs have increased a lot nowadays . that is also the reason why we have all these new supermarkets . on the one hand , it is very enjoyable to go shopping because we can find a lot of things . sometimes we need them and sometimes we don't but it is fun to buy new clothes , furniture and so on . on the other hand , the quality of service in the shops and supermarkets has decreased deteriorated a lot these last few years . the shop assistants are not always nice and sometimes they don't even know anything about what they sell . 
in my opinion , shopping is not always enjoyable especially when there is too many people in there . 
in my opinion , shopping is not always enjoyable , especially when there are too many people in the shops . 
cambridge , 13th june 2000 . 
cambridge , 13th june 2000 . 
dear miss helen ryan;
dear miss helen ryan;
thanks for your letter . i am very happy for the news . also to know about the all accommodation and travel costs that is including in the first prize . 
thanks for your letter . i am very happy about the news . also to know about the all accommodation and travel costs that are included in the first prize . 
i am going to give all the information that you need . 
i am going to give you all the information that you need . 
i would like to travel only in july because i am free from my college and also it is a very good time for me . regarding of the accommodation at the camp california i would prefer in a tent , because i have very nice experience and i love to share with other people . in addition i would like to choose for singing and photography because i am good at singing and taking photographies . 
i would like to travel only in july because i am free from college and also it is a very good time for me . regarding the accommodation at camp california , i would prefer to stay in a tent , because i have had a very nice experience in a tent and i love to share with other people . in addition i would like to choose singing and photography because i am good at singing and taking photographs . 
please could you let me know if a need a especial clothes and also how much money i need to bring ? 
please could you let me know if i need any special clothes and also how much money i need to bring ? 
finally is it possible to have some map regarding of the area ? 
finally is it possible to have a map of the area ? 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
elena paner ( mrs ) . 
elena paner ( mrs ) . 
cambridge , 13th june 2000
cambridge , 13th june 2000
dear kim , 
dear kim , 
i hope you are fine together with your family . i am going to answer your letter just now . 
i hope you and your family are fine . i am going to answer your letter just now . 
last month i enjoyed a lot to help at a pop concert , really it was a very intresting experience , particularly to had deal with a young group of children from latin america . it is increible ! ! , because i learnt some spanish words such us hello , how are you ? good bye ? , what is your name , house , dog , cat , boy , girls etc , i am very happy that i promed to myself learn spanish this sommar at the huntingdon college . also another interesting things was to know about their culture , because all of them come from peru , bolivia , ecuador , chile and uruguay . at the concert they were very susscceful because they were very confident and i helped with the sound system and our equipment was extraordinary and the audience were fantastic . i hope one day you and me can travel to south america because i would like to introduce you my new friends . 
last month i enjoyed a lot helping at a pop concert helping at a pop concert a lot . really it was a very interesting experience , particularly when i had to deal with a young group of children from latin america . it was incredible , because i learnt some spanish words such as hello , how are you ? goodbye , what is your name , house , dog , cat , boy , girls etc . i am very happy that i promised myself that i would learn spanish this summer at huntingdon college . also another interesting thing was knowing learning about their culture , because all of them come from peru , bolivia , ecuador , chile or uruguay . at the concert they were very successful because they were very confident and i helped with the sound system and our equipment was extraordinary and the audience were fantastic . i hope one day you and i can travel to south america because i would like to introduce you to my new friends . 
now i have to end this letter , so please call me if you want to see me next week . 
now i have to end this letter , so please call me if you want to see me next week . 
take care ! ! 
take care ! ! 
love
love
june 5 , 2000
june 5 , 2000
dear mr. helen ryan:
dear mr. helen ryan:
i am writing this letter because i would like to express my happiness . this is the first time i won a prize in these kind of competitions so i would like to clear some doubts . 
i am writing this letter because i would like to express my happiness . this is the first time i won a prize in this kind of competition so i would like to answer your questions . 
first of all , i would like to travel on july because i have a lot of work and my parents wish to see me in this month , so if it is possible to arrange the date it would be very nice . 
first of all , i would like to travel in july because i have a lot of work to do and my parents wish to see me this month , so if it is possible to arrange the dates that would be very nice . 
second , i use to go to camps where they only used log cabins so i prefer if it is possible to be in tents , because it would be a original experience . 
second , i used to go to camps where they only used log cabins so i prefer , if it is possible , to be in a tent , because it would be a new experience for me . 
third , i love playing basketball , i am a great player and i play with my university and i like to be playing all the time so this activity i will not missed . the other activity would be surf . i think is very cool and i want to learn . 
third , i love playing basketball . i am a great player and i play for my university and i like to be playing all the time so this activity i will not miss i will not miss this activity . the other activity would be surfing . i think it is very cool and i want to learn . 
finally , i want to know what kind of clothe i will need and if have to take money for shops or markets . 
finally , i want to know what kind of clothing i will need and if have to take any money to spend at the shops or markets . 
looking forward to hearing from you soon . 
looking forward to hearing from you soon . 
yours sincerly , 
yours sincerely , 
jason andre . 
jason andre . 
shopping is not always enjoyable . you have to be all the time walking , so your legs will feel pain , hurted at the final of the day , you will be very tired and you would want to hang around for two months . 
shopping is not always enjoyable . you have to be walking all the time , so your legs will feel painful , hurt at the end of the day . you will be very tired and you will want to rest for two months . 
if i go alone is very fast and i enjoy it but if i go with my mother it would be horrible , i will have to do a sacrifice . i will have to be waiting until my mother decides which is the best place to buy her dress . 
if i go alone it is very fast and i enjoy it but if i went with my mother it would be horrible , i would have to make a sacrifice . i would have to wait until my mother decided which is the best place to buy her dress . 
she will see if it is pretty or not , if it is in discount at other store we will not buy the dress and we will have to go to the other store to see the other dress , but at the final of seeing all the stores and looking all the dresses she will decided for the first we saw . it is horrible . 
she would see if it is pretty or not , if it is on sale at another store , we would not buy the dress and we would have to go to the other store to see the other dress , but after seeing all the stores and looking at all the dresses she would decide on the first one we saw . it would be horrible . 
is like a nightmare . 
it is like a nightmare . 
dear helen ryan , 
dear helen ryan , 
i am very pleased to hear that i have won first prize in your competition and writing to you to offer additional information , as requested . 
i am very pleased to hear that i have won first prize in your competition and am writing to you to offer additional information , as requested . 
first of all , i would like to travel in july because i am planning to visit my mum in korea in august . i also prefer staying in log cabins to tents . i have once experienced to have been soaked while i was sleeping in a tent dut to heavy rain several years ago . once more reason is that i do not want to miss the chance to stay in a log cabin , which i have been dreaming for a long time . how romantic it will be ! as for my activities , as i took up playing golf since i was a child and now , i am a single-handicapped player , so i want to have chance to play golf at camp . moreover , i am very good at singing as well as playing the piano . in fact i have been playing the piano for children's choir for 5 years . 
first of all , i would like to travel in july because i am planning to visit my mum in korea in august . i also prefer staying in log cabins to tents . i have once experienced having been soaked while i was sleeping in a tent due to heavy rain several years ago . one more reason is that i do not want to miss the chance to stay in a log cabin , which i have been dreaming of for a long time . how romantic it will be ! as for my activities , as i took up playing golf when i was a child and now , i am a single-handicapped player , so i want to have a chance to play golf at camp . moreover , i am very good at singing as well as playing the piano . in fact i have been playing the piano for a children's choir for 5 years . 
additionally i would like to know which kind of clothes i should prepare . what's the weather like in california ? how much money should i bring with me for two week stay ? 
additionally , i would like to know which kind of clothes i should pack . what's the weather like in california ? how much money should i bring with me for the two-week stay ? 
i would be really greateful if you could send me some information or any relevant brochure . 
i would be really grateful if you could send me some information or any relevant brochure . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
dear kim , 
dear kim , 
how are things these days ? sorry not to write you for a long time . i've been busy preparing english exams . 
how are things these days ? sorry not to write to you for a long time . i've been busy preparing for english exams . 
you remember i helped people at a pop concert as a nurse last month ? you can't imagine how happy i am to have had such a wonderful chance . 
you remember i helped people at a pop concert as a nurse last month ? you can't imagine how happy i am to have had such a wonderful opportunity . 
as you know , i've not been keen on pop music - i've always thought it was not only noisy but also even rubbish . it was not until the concert that i became a pop mania . it was really great to have talked with famous pop singers , bands , and tv stars . when a member of venga boys came to the emergency center for the treatment of electric shock on his finger , i felt i was short of breath . we usually are apt to think famous stars to be arrogant and nasty , but they weren't at all . it was absolutely our prejudice . they were very kind , soft , well-behaved , even modest . their attitudes towards people , their costumes , their songs - everything was really fantastic . fortunately there were few emergency accident so i could enjoy the concert without a hurry . i was definitely over the moon ! 
as you know , i've not been keen on pop music - i've always thought it was not only noisy but also even rubbish . it was not until the concert that i became a pop maniac . it was really great to have talked with famous pop singers , bands , and tv stars . when a member of venga boys came to the emergency center for the treatment of an electric shock to his finger , i felt i was short of breath . we usually are apt to think famous stars to be arrogant and nasty , but they weren't at all . it was absolutely our prejudice . they were very kind , soft , well-behaved , even modest . their attitudes towards people , their costumes , their songs - everything was really fantastic . fortunately there were few emergency accidents so i could enjoy the concert without a hurry . i was definitely over the moon ! 
i hope you can go the next concert with me . longing for hearing from you . 
i hope you can go to the next concert with me . longing to hear from you . 
love , 
love , 
dear ms ryan
dear ms ryan
i am writing in reply to your letter on the 15th may . i would like to provide some further information you are asking me for . 
i am writing in reply to your letter of the 15th of may . i would like to provide some further information you are asking me for . 
first , i am able to come only in july , because my examination session is due from the 24 june till 26 june . 
first , i am only able to come in july , because my examination session is due from the 24 june till 26 june . 
i would prefer to be accomodated in a log cabin as do not like sleeping on the mattres and i get allergy to rubber . 
i would prefer to be accommodated in a log cabin as i do not like sleeping on a mattress and i get an allergy to rubber . 
from the listed activities i would like to choose singing , because it is my hobby and i also sing in local chorus . photography is my second favourite subject . i won third prize in competition organized by our college . 
from the listed activities i would like to choose singing , because it is my hobby and i also sing in a local choir . photography is my second favourite subject . i won third prize in a competition organized by our college . 
could you , pleas send me some extra information regarding the ammount of money i should take to cover any other expenses , and also , what kind of clothes i should take . 
could you , please send me some extra information regarding the amount of money i should take to cover any other expenses , and also , what kind of clothes i should take . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you
i am looking forward to hearing from you
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
is shopping not always enjoyable ? there are different opinions and points of view . 
is shopping not always enjoyable ? there are different opinions and points of view . 
i like shopping very much . firstly , you have a wide variety of shops you can buy food . for example , large supermarkets with dishes ready to eat . even if you do not have any cooking skills you can enjoy exotic meals . on the other hand , some people complain that there are a lot of artificial products , which are quite unhealthy , but very expensive . 
i like shopping very much . firstly , you have a wide variety of shops you can buy food from . for example , large supermarkets with dishes ready to eat . even if you do not have any cooking skills you can enjoy exotic meals . on the other hand , some people complain that there are a lot of artificial products , which are quite unhealthy , but very expensive . 
the second thing i like about shopping is the possibility to find your own style buying clothes in the small boutiques . you can always ask for good advice from the experienced shop attendants , which does not necessarily cost you extra money . however , someone else may say , it takes too much time . 
the second thing i like about shopping is the possibility to find your own style by buying clothes in the small boutiques . you can always ask for good advice from the experienced shop assistants , which does not necessarily cost you extra money . however , someone else may say , it takes too much time . 
the third reason i enjoy shopping is that i never go alone just to buy a thing i need . i always take my friend with me so we can chat or have coffee in the shop's cafe . although my brother thinks the better way to have fun is to watch tv than to be pushed in crowded shops , i do not agree . 
the third reason i enjoy shopping is that i never go alone just to buy a thing i need . i always take my friend with me so we can chat or have coffee in the shop's cafe . although my brother thinks the better way to have fun is to watch tv than to be pushed in crowded shops , i do not agree . 
to sum up i agree that shopping is not always enjoyable , but for me it is and i like it . 
to sum up , i agree that shopping is not always enjoyable , but for me it is and i like it . 
june 13th , 2000
june 13th , 2000
dear mrs ryan , 
dear mrs ryan , 
i am very glad for receiving such a wonderful surprise , that i have won first prize . what a lovely opportunity to go to america ! 
i am very glad to receive such a wonderful surprise as to learn that i have won first prize . what a lovely opportunity to go to america ! 
about the information you asked me for , the most suitable month for me to travel would be july , since it is when i am free for traveling due to i won't have classes at school by that time . in the matter of accommodation i'd rather prefer log cabins , because i consider them better for resting and know people . 
about the information you asked me for , the most suitable month for me to travel would be july , since it is when i am free travelling to travel because i won't have classes at school by that time . as to the matter of accommodation i'd prefer a log cabin , because i consider them better for resting and getting to know people . 
i also want to mention that it's great you have so many activities . the ones i consider i'm good at are painting and photography . i love nature and i'd like to record the californian landscapes . 
i also want to mention that it's great you have so many activities . the ones i consider i'm good at are painting and photography . i love nature and i'd like to record the californian landscapes . 
i have something i'd like to ask you . do i have to take any special clothes with me ? how warm is california in those days ? another thing , should i have to take my camera with me for the activity at the camp ? i'd appreciate any further information you can give me . 
i have something i'd like to ask you . do i have to take any special clothes with me ? how warm is california in that month ? another thing , should i take my camera with me for the activity at the camp ? i'd appreciate any further information you can give me . 
looking forward to your repply . 
looking forward to your reply . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
june 13th , 2000 dear kim , it was quite nice to hear from you and your family in the last letter you sent me . hope everybody is fine . and , yes ! i helped my friend jane at the concert ! it was such a wonderful experiece ! when jane asked me to help her with the organisation of the publicity and specially with the inverviews , i just couldn't believe it . you know that i love going to concerts , but being beging of all the show and in the staff as a member , was something i was always interested in . i never imagined how many people is involved in the organization ! in the area of publicity we were about 50 guys , all of us investigating , calling to radio stations , organizing the reporters , specifying where the press would be for the interview that took place afterwards . . . yet , it was an incredible satisfation when everything finished just fine ! wish you were there ! but , i heard you went on vacations to bermuda . cool ! how was it ? you have to tell me everything ! looking forward to hearing from you . love , 
june 13th , 2000 dear kim , it was quite nice to hear from you and your family in the last letter you sent me . hope everybody is well . and , yes ! i helped my friend jane at the concert ! it was such a wonderful experience ! when jane asked me to help her with the publicity and specially with the interviews , i just couldn't believe it . you know that i love going to concerts , but being at the beginning of the show and a member of the staff was something i was always interested in . i never imagined how many people are involved in the organization of a concert ! in the area of publicity we were about 50 guys , all of us investigating , calling radio stations , organizing the reporters , specifying where the press would be for the interview that took place afterwards . . . yet , it was incredibly satisfaction satisfying when everything turned out just fine ! wish you were there ! but , i heard you went on vacation to bermuda . cool ! how was it ? you have to tell me everything ! looking forward to hearing from you . love , 
xxx
xxx
dear mrs . ryan , 
dear mrs . ryan , 
thank you for the letter which i have received with a great delight and excitement . i am writing in order to let you know about the further necessary information you have required . 
thank you for the letter which i have received with great delight and excitement . i am writing in order to let you know about the further necessary information you have requested . 
first of all , i would like to travel in july as it is my summer holiday and i believe the weather would be best for camping in july . and if it is possible i would like to stay in a log cabin rather than in a tent because i find tents uncomfortable to sleep in . 
first of all , i would like to travel in july as it is my summer holiday and i believe the weather would be best for camping in july . and if it is possible i would like to stay in a log cabin rather than in a tent because i find tents uncomfortable to sleep in . 
the two activities i would like to do at the camp are tennis and surfing . i have been playing tennis for many years and it is my favourite sport . however , i have never done surfing before but i have always wanted to learn how to do it and i believe this would be my best chance to do so . 
the two activities i would like to do at the camp are tennis and surfing . i have been playing tennis for many years and it is my favourite sport . however , i have never done surfing before but i have always wanted to learn how to do it and i believe this would be my best chance to do so . 
before i go to the camp , i would like to know what type of clothes i need to take and wheather there is anything i should take in case of any emergencies . also the amount of money i need to bring ( is there any shops ) . and finally , i would like to ask you to send me some pictures of the place as i am dying to know what it is like . thank you . 
before i go to the camp , i would like to know what type of clothes i need to take and whether there is anything i should take in case of any emergencies . also the amount of money i need to bring ( are there any shops ) . and finally , i would like to ask you to send me some pictures of the place as i am dying to know what it is like . thank you . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
dear kim , 
dear kim , 
i was few of the lukiest people from my school to be picked up to help at the pop concert which took place in my town . the organiser of the concert asked my school for about 15 people , who does art , to help decorate the stage . me and my friends were very excited , not because of the stage decoration but because of the pop sigers and bands whom we will be able to see ! everyone was so jealous in the school . 
i was one of the luckiest people from my school to be picked to help at the pop concert which took place in my town . the organiser of the concert asked my school for about 15 people , who do art , to help decorate the stage . me and my friends were very excited , not because of the stage decoration but because of the pop singers and bands whom we would be able to see ! everyone was so jealous in the school . 
when we got there , there were very many people . people were carrying big boxes around which contained electrical equipments for the concert . we were all given different sort of jobs to do . some of us had to paint and some of us had to cut some materials and fabrics out into special shapes . it was very interesting and we enjoyed doing it very much . however the best part was watching and listening to the singers and bands practicing on the stage . at the end we were given free concert tickets and got autobiographies from our favourite pop singers . 
when we got there , there were very many people . people were carrying big boxes around which contained electrical equipment for the concert . we were all given different sorts of jobs to do . some of us had to paint and some of us had to cut some materials and fabrics out into special shapes . it was very interesting and we enjoyed doing it very much . however the best part was watching and listening to the singers and bands practising on the stage . at the end we were given free concert tickets and got autographs from our favourite pop singers . 
it was the best day of my life and certainly for others , too . i wish you were there . it was fantastic . i will be looking forward to your reply . 
it was the best day of my life and certainly for others , too . i wish you had been there . it was fantastic . i will be looking forward to your reply . 
love from
love from
dear mr ryan . 
dear mr ryan , 
thanks for you letter . i am so exciting that i have won the first prize . i will give you all information you need and ask some questions . 
thanks for your letter . i am so excited that i have won the first prize . i will give you all the information you need and ask some questions . 
i could only travel on july . as you know , i am a student and the nearest holiday is summer holiday . but i have booked a flight to home at the beginning of auguest . and also i would like to go on summer . 
i can only travel in july . as you know , i am a student and the nearest holiday is the summer holiday . but i have booked a flight home at the beginning of august . and also i would like to go in summer . 
the accommodation i would like to live in tents . because i never live in tents before . i think it is great and i want to try it . 
concerning the accommodation , i would like to stay in tents , because i never stay have never stayed in a tent before . i think it will be great and i want to try it . 
i like doing sports . i would like to play basketball and golf when i am at the camp . i play basketball a lot and i am a member of our college term . but i am not very good at golf . 
i like doing sports . i would like to play basketball and golf when i am at the camp . i play basketball a lot and i am a member of our college team . but i am not very good at golf . 
and also i want to ask some questions . what clothes should i taken ? how much money should i taken ? and how could we meet at the airport ? i am looking forward your reply . 
and also i want to ask some questions . what clothes should i take ? how much money should i take ? and how can we meet at the airport ? i am looking forward to your reply . 
yours sincerely . 
yours sincerely . 
as our class is going to mark a short video about daily life at college , i write this report to suggest some lessons and activities which should be filmed . 
as our class is going to make a short video about daily life at college , i am writing this report to suggest some lessons and activities which should be filmed . 
1 . english lesson . because all students in english class are from all over the world . we can talk everybody's feeling living and study at a foreign country . 
1 . english lesson . because students in the english class are from all over the world , we can talk about everybody's feelings about living and studying in a foreign country . 
2 . computing lesson and computer room . nowdays internet makes us closer and closer . we can get all what we want on internet . it's one of the most important things in our life now . 
2 . computing lesson and computer room . nowadays the internet brings us closer and closer . we can get all we want on the internet . it's one of the most important things in our life now . 
3 . liabrary . we not only borrow books from liabrary but also study at liabrary . library is very important in our daily life . 
3 . library . we not only borrow books from a library but also study at a library . the library is very important in our daily life . 
4 . canteen . everyday we go to canteen have lunch , no matter you bought food from there or you take your own food . 
4 . canteen . every day we go to the canteen to have lunch , no matter whether you buy food from there or you take your own food . 
5 . football . what do you do after class ? joging or doing some sports ? you can't forget football . 
5 . football . what do you do after class ? jogging or some sports ? you can't forget football . 
these are what i think should be filmed . if any of you have other suggestion , we can discuss again . but i think these five lesson or activities are most common in our daily life at college . 
this is what i think should be filmed . if any of you have other suggestions , we can discuss this again . but i think these five lessons or activities are the most common in our daily life at college . 
dear mrs helen ryan , 
dear mrs helen ryan , 
i am writing to you about the first prize i won in your competition . i am very pleased and i include the information you asked for . 
i am writing to you about the first prize i won in your competition . i am very pleased and i include the information you asked for . 
i prefer travelling in july because i am taking some important exams in september and i have planned to study in august . with reference to the accomodation i would rather stay in tent because i think it is the best way to socialize . 
i prefer to travel in july because i am taking some important exams in september and i have planned to study in august . with reference to the accommodation i would rather stay in a tent because i think it is the best way to socialize . 
for what concernes the activities i think that swimming and climbing are the most suitable for me . i have been swimming since i was three and i did a lot of courses . on the other hand i have never had a course of climbing even though i would like to take up this hobby . 
for what concerns concerning the activities , i think that swimming and climbing are the most suitable for me . i have been swimming since i was three and i did a lot of courses . on the other hand i have never taken a course in climbing even though i would like to take up this hobby . 
i would like to ask you something about the weather and clothes i should bring not to have to buy anything there . in addition i need to know whether meals are included or not in the accomodation so that i could decide how much i must have with me . 
i would like to ask you something about the weather and clothes i should bring so as not to have to buy anything there . in addition i need to know whether meals are included or not with the accommodation so that i can decide how much i must have with me . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
mafalda d'accatino
mafalda d'accatino
dear kim , 
dear kim , 
i bet you want to know everything about my great experience at luna pop's concert last month . before that i had never thought i would play with a famous group . but maybe you want to hear the story from the beginning . 
i bet you want to know everything about my great experience at luna pop's concert last month . before that i had never thought i would play with a famous group . but maybe you want to hear the story from the beginning . 
as you know luna pop is not my favourite group and i went to their concert only because ake needed being accompanied . when we arrived she persuaded me to go the backstage because her boyfriend was the electrician of the band . it didn't sound very exciting to me but i accepted above all because i was curious . unfortunately what i found wasn't what i expected . everyone was upset , worried or angry and lucre , ake's boyfriend , explained that it was because their pianist had broken his arm and couldn't play . in that moment ake exlaimed that i could play the piano . after that i tried to tell them i had just begun but within five minutes i was on the stage and i was playing that , luckily , easy tune . 
as you know , luna pop is not my favourite group and i went to their concert only because ake needed to be accompanied . when we arrived she persuaded me to go backstage because her boyfriend was the band's electrician . it didn't sound very exciting to me but i accepted anyway because i was curious . unfortunately what i found wasn't what i expected . everyone was upset , worried or angry and lucre , ake's boyfriend , explained that it was because their pianist had broken his arm and couldn't play . just then ake exclaimed that i could play the piano . after that i tried to tell them i had just begun to learn but within five minutes i was on the stage and i was playing that , luckily , easy tune . 
i think you can't believe in what i've told you but i won't forget this experience . this has been the first time i have realized that , maybe , playing the piano could be my future and , even though i was really frightened , i enjoyed staying on the stage with all those eyes on me . 
i don't think you can believe what i've told you but i won't forget this experience . this has been the first time i have realized that , maybe , playing the piano could be my future and , even though i was really frightened , i enjoyed being on the stage with all those eyes on me . 
i wish you had been with me but i'm sure you understand what i felt . 
i wish you had been with me but i'm sure you understand what i felt . 
love
love
mafalda
mafalda
dear mrs ryan:
dear mrs ryan:
i am so happy to know that i have won first prize in your competition . 
i am so happy to know that i have won first prize in your competition . 
as you asked me to send you further information about three points , i am sending you my preferences as follows:
as you asked me to send you further information about three points , i am sending you my preferences as follows:
1 . - i would prefer long cabins rather than tents , because it is much more comfortable . 
1 . - i would prefer a log cabins log cabin rather than a tent , because it is much more comfortable . 
2 . - i have chosen singing and painting as activities , because i love painting moreover , i am very good at it , and singing because is one of my talents . 
2 . - i have chosen singing and painting as activities , because i love painting , moreover , i am very good at it , and singing because it is one of my talents . 
3 . - i would prefer to travel only in july because at the moment i am alone at home and i have to take care of my little sister . 
3 . - i would prefer to travel only in july because at the moment i am alone at home and i have to take care of my little sister . 
i would like to know , what kind of clothes do i have to take with me and how much money will i need as well ? 
i would like to know what kind of clothes i have to take with me and how much money will i need ? 
thanks in advance for you advice . 
thanks in advance for your advice . 
yours sinicrely 
yours sincerely 
bety
bety
dear kim:
dear kim:
i am writing to you to tell you what an impressing experience i have had , helping at a pop concert . 
i am writing to you to tell you what an impressive experience i have had helping at a pop concert . 
i will start telling you how crowded it was , the people was so excited that they were screaming from the beginning to the end . i couldn't even hear my own voice . 
i will start by telling you how crowded it was , people were so excited that they were screaming from the beginning to the end . i couldn't even hear my own voice . 
i cleared the stage before the concert , but you don't imagine how it looked like after it ? ! ! ! full of flowers , t . shirts , hats , underwear , etc etc etc . i didn't feel my feet the next day , i was very tired . ! ! anyway , i also laughed a lot , the music was fantastic , and the stars were really nice to every one . 
i cleared the stage before the concert , but you can't imagine what it looked like after it ? ! ! ! full of flowers , t-shirts , hats , underwear , etc etc etc . i couldn't feel my feet the next day , i was very tired . ! ! anyway , i also laughed a lot , the music was fantastic , and the stars were really nice to everyone . 
i tried to take a photo of everyone , but sometimes it was not possible . i will send you a copy of the best pictures the next time . 
i tried to take a photo of everyone , but sometimes it was not possible . i will send you a copy of the best pictures the next time . 
bye-bye . 
bye-bye . 
bety
bety
dear mr. helen:
dear ms helen:
i hope you be well . thank you for this prize , i'm really ecited and emotions . answering your reguest you asked me , i would like to travel only july because , in fact . i ll be on vacation until august and i think this is the best month to travel . according to my great experience on climbing , i prefer accommodation in log cabins because in tents we can't sleep or being well with such cold ! never the less in summer we can't resist such hot ! 
i hope you are well . thank you for this prize , i'm really excited and emotional . to answer your request question , i would like to travel only in july because i'll be on vacation until august and i think that is the best month to travel . according to my great experience on climbing , i prefer to stay in log cabins because in tents we can't sleep or cope well with the cold ! never the less , in summer we can't resist such heat ! 
in base of your activities option , i would say that climbing is one of my first option , as i've mentioned and i really think that photography will help me in my other adventures . 
in reference to your activities option , i would say that climbing is one of my first options , as i've mentioned , and i really think that photography will help me in my other adventures . 
i would like to ask if we need money for paying or baying something because you didn't specify what is included in the trip , such as food . 
i would like to ask if we need any money to pay for or buying buy anything because you didn't specify what is included in the trip , such as food . 
i really apreciate this kind of trip and i'm really thank your truly attention . 
i really appreciate this kind of trip and i'm really grateful for your attention . 
yours sincirely : 
yours sincerely , 
camila playhouse . 
camila playhouse . 
the truth of shopping
the truth about shopping
shopping . . . a great and emotion statement , don't you think ? every one think that shopping in the best way to carry off your problems and , in fact a big solution of many problem or estrs , boring , or only for distraction . 
shopping . . . a great and emotional statement , don't you think ? everyone thinks that shopping is the best way to get rid of your problems and , in fact a big solution to many problems or estrs , boring , or only for distraction . 
but the question is: why shopping is not always enjoyable ? . for many people , shopping had always been only for one kind of elite , or social class; not all people can go shopping and buy hundreds and thousands of stuff in those big malls as distraction . let's talk about women; nightmare ! women can't resist the fact of shopping and they are dissapointed when they don't have the wants to shop . 
but the question is: why is shopping not always enjoyable ? for many people , shopping has always been only for one kind of elite , or social class; not all people can go shopping and buy hundreds and thousands of things in those big malls as a distraction . let's talk about women; nightmare ! women can't resist the temptation of shopping and they are disappointed when they don't have the desire to shop . 
the shopmania is really unstapped . i know women that make everything they can to buy only a dress , or even worst , women that buy things that was nothing to do with them , for example , snap , esculptures , kitchen tissues , or eveything on telemarketing that really are unuseful , but the fact of have it " there " they can resist they can not resist the fact of it " being there . " 
shopmania is really unstoppable . i know women who do everything they can to buy only a dress , or even worse , women who buy things they have no use for , for example , snap , sculptures , kitchen tissues , or everything sold by telemarketing that really is useless , but the fact of it " being there " they can not resist they cannot resist the fact of it " being there . " 
there are many facts to prove that shopping is not " pretty and armonious " , but believe me , is not always enjoyable . 
there are many facts to prove that shopping is not " pretty and harmonious " , so believe me , it is not always enjoyable . 
dear miss helen ryan , 
dear miss helen ryan , 
i am writting to reply your letter and comenicate my aceptance of the first prize in your competition . 
i am writing to reply to your letter and communicate my acceptance of the first prize in your competition . 
this summer , i am available on july because on agust my family and i are going to go to canada and on september i will go back at university . if there is no chance to go to california on july , i could wait untill next summer . 
this summer , i am available in july because in august my family and i are going to go to canada and in september i will go back to university . if there is no chance to go to california in july , i could wait until next summer . 
about accommodation , i would like to a long cabin because last year i had an accident and my back is enjure , so sleeping in a tent it would be painful for me . 
about accommodation , i would like to have a log cabin because last year i had an accident and my back was injured , so sleeping in a tent would be painful for me . 
i play basketball at university and my level is quite good but i am really enjoying is being a referee . due to my back enjure , this year i could not train and play with my team , so i am not fit , it would be a good aidea to be a referee . i would like to swim everyday if is able . althoung swimming is so bored , it would be a good help for curing my back . 
i play basketball at university and my standard is quite good but what i am really enjoying is being a referee . due to my back injury , this year i could not train and play with my team , so i am not fit . it would be a good idea to be a referee . i would like to swim everyday if it is possible . although swimming is so boring , it would be a good thing to help cure my back . 
could you please let me know where will i eate ? if will there be a vegetarian menu ? and how much is it ? how many money you think will i need for those two weeks ? and please could you give me details about how does the weather like there and what type the clothes will i have to bringh ? 
could you please let me know where i will eat ? if there will be a vegetarian menu ? and how much is it ? how much money do you think i will need for those two weeks ? and please could you give me some details about what the weather is like there and what type of clothes i will have to bring ? 
looking forwards to hearing from you
looking forwards to hearing from you
yours sincerily 
yours sincerely 
dear kim , 
dear kim , 
it was brilliant ! i had the best month in my life . it was a hard month because my job was very hard , i worked 12 hours per day but alwalys with funny people . my job was cleaning the ground after the concert; " it was very dirty " . it wasn't a nice job but i had all night for drinking and dancing of course , i had not to pay for getting in . 
it was brilliant ! i had the best month of my life . it was a hard month because my job was very hard . i worked 12 hours per day but always with fun people . my job was cleaning the floor after the concert; " it was very dirty " . it wasn't a nice job but i had all night for drinking and dancing of course . i didn't have to pay to get in . 
i felt in love with a beautiful girl " calen " , she is from spain and was selling " hot dogs " . she will come to liverpool next week and i'll put her up . probably she'll come with a friend if you want you can enjoy us . 
i fell in love with a beautiful girl " calen " . she is from spain and was selling " hot dogs " . she will come to liverpool next week and i'll put her up . probably she'll come with a friend and if you want you can join us . 
helping at the pop concert has been a great experience because i've done a new friends and i know that in the concert there isn't any drunk just funny and wonderful people . 
helping at the pop concert has been a great experience because i've met new friends and i know that at the concert there aren't any drunks just fun , wonderful people . 
i am looking forward to next summer because i'd like to go to spain to help in " doctor meesee " that is the best concert in the world , i hope you will come there . you have to save up money because spain is too expensive ( beach , beer , discos . . ) . 
i am looking forward to next summer because i'd like to go to spain to help with " doctor meesee " , which is the best concert in the world . i hope you will come there . you have to save up some money because spain is too expensive ( beach , beer , discos . . ) . 
love
love
dear helen ryan , 
dear helen ryan , 
first at all , i'd like to thanks for the prize won . i'd like to know usa . this prize came in a good time . 
first of all , i'd like to thank you for the prize i won . i'd like to get to know the usa . this prize came at a good time . 
i'd like to travell in july because i've got an examination at usp in roo cohelo in july . for it the only one that i can travel is july . and i'd like to stay in a log cabins because i can't bear sleeping in a tent , i hate this kind of accomodation . but i love sports . i'd like to play tennis and swimming these are my favourite sports . i can play tennis better i can swim , because since i was i child i've been practising it . i've already won three prizes about it . 
i'd like to travel in july because i've got an examination at usp in roo cohelo in july . for this the only month that i can travel is july . and i'd like to stay in a log cabin because i can't bear sleeping in a tent . i hate that kind of accommodation . but i love sports . i'd like to play tennis and go swimming . these are my favourite sports . i can play tennis better you i can swim , because since i was a child i've been playing it . i've already won three prizes in it . 
and i'd like to know about what kind of clothes to take and how much money to take too . i've never gone to usa before . 
and i'd like to know what kind of clothes to take and how much money to take too . i've never been to the usa before . 
i hope i will have a good journey . 
i hope i will have a good journey . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
albito . 
albito . 
shopping is not always enjoyable . 
shopping is not always enjoyable . 
we had a class discussion about shopping , for it i'm writing to tell about my opinion . 
we had a class discussion about shopping , because of it i'm writing to explain about my opinion . 
i love shopping mainly when i am alone on when i am angry because i think it can help me to relax . when i got plenty of money sometimes i like spend a bit of it with some friends or buying a good present for my girl friend . 
i love shopping mainly when i am alone or when i am angry because i think it can help me to relax . when i have got plenty of money sometimes i like to spend a bit of it with some friends or buying a good present for my girlfriend . 
but if i haven't got enough money to spend or if i am sad shopping is not always enjoyable , because without money and sad is not a good idea to go to shopping . 
but if i haven't got enough money to spend or if i am sad shopping is not always enjoyable , because without money and being sad it is not a good idea to go shopping . 
normally i spend money buying some new clothes that i like more and shoes i love new shoes . 
normally i spend money buying some new clothes that i like and shoes . i love new shoes . 
one good idea to go to shopping is when you got plenty of money . 
one good idea is to go shopping when you have got plenty of money . 
albito
albito
dear helen ryan , the competition organiser , 
dear helen ryan , the competition organiser , 
i have recently recieved your letter that i have won the first prize in the competition . it was very fortuanate of me . 
i have recently received your letter saying that i have won the first prize in the competition . it was very fortunate for me . 
i would like to go to camp california in the usa only in july as it is my summer holidays . it will be convenient for me then because i have two months holiday . 
i would like to go to camp california in the usa only in july as it is my summer holidays then . it will be convenient for me then because i have two months' holiday . 
i would like to do tennis and photography . i am in the team for tennis at school and i have played against different other schools before . i also enjoy photography . i am doing this subject for my g . c . s . e . so it would be very helpful for me to practise . 
i would like to do tennis and photography . i am in the tennis team at school and i have played against various other schools before . i also enjoy photography . i am doing this subject for my g . c . s . e . s so it would be very helpful for me to practise . 
about the accommodation at the camp , i would like to stay in tents because i love to be outside and i like dangerous adventures . i can also then wake up in the morning and take photographs of the wonderful sceneries . 
about the accommodation at the camp , i would like to stay in tents because i love to be outside and i like dangerous adventures . i can also then wake up in the morning and take photographs of the wonderful scenery . 
i would like to ask you about what kind of clothes i have to bring and how much money i have bring . will there be any shops ? please could you send me an itenerary of the trip ? thank you very much . 
i would like to ask you about what kind of clothes i have to bring and how much money i have to bring . will there be any shops ? please could you send me an itinerary of the trip ? thank you very much . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
i think that shopping can be both enjoyable and unenjoyable because sometimes the shops are full of people , especially at the weekends which normally is the only appropreaite time ! not only shops are crowded with people , the changing rooms have enormous queue . the clothes are quite expensive and they are never your size . these things can be very annoying but there is a good side of 'shopping' . 
i think that shopping can be both enjoyable and unenjoyable because sometimes the shops are full of people , especially at the weekends , which normally is the only appropriate time ! not only are shops crowded with people , the changing rooms have enormous queues . the clothes are quite expensive and they are never your size . these things can be very annoying but there is a good side to 'shopping' . 
i , personally enjoy shopping very much . i like to look at the beautiful clothes and i dream of wearing them . i find that shopping is a very good exercise as well ! by the time you have completed the whole high street , you will be out of breath . 
i , personally , enjoy shopping very much . i like to look at the beautiful clothes and i dream of wearing them . i find that shopping is very good exercise as well ! by the time you have completed the whole high street , you will be out of breath . 
i do agree that shopping is not always enjoyable because of crowded shops and the price of clothes but i am sure that the majority of people do like shopping and i am sure that in the future , there will be no more crowded streets because of the ' internet ' which you can order onlines . maybe we will have robots to do the shopping for us in the future ! 
i do agree that shopping is not always enjoyable because of crowded shops and the price of clothes but i am sure that the majority of people do like shopping and i am sure that in the future there will be no more crowded streets because of the ' internet , ' on which you can order online . maybe we will have robots to do the shopping for us in the future ! 
we all just have to wait and see . . . 
we all just have to wait and see . . . 
dear
dear
mrs . helen ryan:
mrs . helen ryan:
i've recived your letter and i'm very happy to know that i won the competition and the first prize . 
i've received your letter and i'm very happy to know that i won the competition and the first prize . 
in answer to your questions , i will have to say that i just can go to the campament on july because of my job , they only gave me that month free . 
in answer to your question , i will have to say that i only can can only go to the camp in july because of my job ; they only gave me that month off . 
in the camp i would like to stay in log cabins because i hate to sleep uncomfortable and , i will if i stay in a tent . acording to your letter , you asked me to choose two of your activities . i prefere to do some climbing because that's what i do in my spare time and i do it quite well . apart from that , if you give surfing classes i would love to take them; surfing is one of my chilhood drems that i never came true . 
in the camp i would like to stay in a log cabin because i hate to sleep uncomfortably badly and i will if i stay in a tent . according to in your letter , you asked me to choose two of your activities . i would prefer to do some climbing because that's what i do in my spare time and i do it quite well . apart from that , if you give surfing classes i would love to take them; surfing is one of my chilhood dreams that never came true . 
i have a few questions that you might be able to answer me . i don't know what tipe of clothes do i have to take and the amount of money that i'm going to spend , so if you please could help me giving me this information i would be very pleased . im looking forward to go to the camp and hearing from you soon
i have a few questions that you might be able to answer . i don't know what type of clothes i have to take or the amount of money that i'm going to spend , so if you , please , could help me by giving me this information i would be very pleased . i'm looking forward to going to the camp and hearing from you soon
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
carmen garcia . 
carmen garcia . 
shooping is not always enjoyable . 
shopping is not always enjoyable . 
we all have been shooping once in our lifes and sometimes it probably has not been very enjoyable , why ? we had a class discussion and we all agree in some points . 
we have all been shopping once in our lives and sometimes it probably has not been very enjoyable , why ? we had a class discussion and we all agree on some points . 
for example if we go to a big mall we will probably never find what we were looking for , and instead of buing what we came for we will go out with lots of things that we liked but we will never use . and that will be waste of time . 
for example , if we go to a big mall we will probably never find what we are looking for , and instead of buying what we came for we will leave with lots of things that we liked but we will never use . and that will be a waste of time . 
sometimes we have to take our little brothers with us , because our mother isn't home , and then is where the problems begin . most of the times one get lost , or they start plaing around , making noise , bothering people , etc . . . and when this happens you get on a bad mood and you'll have a bad shooping day . 
sometimes we have to take our little brothers with us , because our mother isn't home , and that is when the problems begin . most of the time he gets lost , or they start playing around , making noise , bothering people , etc . . . and when this happens you get in a bad mood and you'll have a bad shopping day day shopping . 
so if you want to have a good relaxing shooping day , we recommend you not to go with your little brothers and to go with enogh time to look arround for what you really want . 
so if you want to have a good , relaxing shopping day day shopping , we recommend you don't go with your little brothers and to go with enough time to look around for what you really want . 
dear mrs ryan
dear mrs ryan
thank you for your information . i am very happy to win this prize but also i have some questions about this camp . 
thank you for your information . i am very happy to win this prize but also i have some questions about the camp . 
i would like to know if it is possible to travel to this camp on july because for me it is the best time and i can not travel before or after according to my employer . while this two weeks i would like to stay in tents because you can be nearer to the nature as you are on log cabins . i like to go camping . from the activities i choose basketball and golf . in basketball i am very good , because i have played in a basketball-team for ten years . but in golf i am a beginner . 
i would like to know if it is possible to travel to this camp in july because for me it is the best time and i cannot travel before or after , according to my employer . during these two weeks i would like to stay in a tent because you can be nearer to nature than you are in a log cabin . i like to go camping . from the activities , i choose basketball and golf . at basketball i am very good i am very good at basketball , because i have played in a basketball team for ten years . but at golf i am a beginner . 
i would like to know if it is necessary for me to take some clothes with me for the sport activities ? also i would like to know how much money i should take with me . if you could tell me this answers it would be very nice . 
i would like to know if it is necessary for me to take some clothes with me for the sports activities ? also i would like to know how much money i should take with me . if you could tell me the answers it would be very nice . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
aydo ackermann
aydo ackermann
shopping is not always enjoyable
shopping is not always enjoyable
i think shopping is not always an enjoyable thing because there are a lot of things which are not good . for example: you need a lot of money each month for shopping , and a part of this money is only for buying the necessaryiest things like bread and other things to eat . i enjoy shopping when i can buy some clothes . 
i think shopping is not always an enjoyable thing because there are a lot of things which are not good about it . for example: you need a lot of money each month for shopping , and a part of this money is only for buying the most necessary things like bread and other things to eat . i enjoy shopping when i can buy some clothes . 
also a problem while the shopping is that most there are so many people and a lot of traffic in all shopping-centres . all the people are there most on the same day because there are not a lot of other possibilities for shopping while the week for the employees . 
also a problem with shopping is that most of the time there are too many people and a lot of traffic in all the shopping centres . all the people are there mostly on the same day because there are not a lot of other opportunities for shopping during the week for workers . 
i think one possibility is to buy your things on the internet , because then you have not to invest a lot of time for buying all this things , and they bring you the things at home in the end i think it is the best if you have the possibility to shop when there are not so many people because then you have enough time and you are not stressed . 
i think one alternative is to buy your things on the internet , because then you don't have to invest a lot of time buying all these things , and they bring you the things to your home . in the end i think it is best if you have the chance to shop when there are not so many people because then you have enough time and you are not stressed . 
13 june . 2000
13 june . 2000
dear ryan , 
dear ryan , 
i am so marvellous about winning the competition . i am answering what you would like to know some information from me . 
i am so amazed about winning the competition . i am answering what you would like to know some information from me . 
at first , i am able to travel only in july because i will have on holiday in july , furthermore i have a important exam in november . secondly i would prefer to stay in tent as it will be natural life while i am at the camp . thirdly i keen on playing tennis and taking some photography . 
firstly , i am able to travel only in july because i will be on holiday in july , furthermore i have an important exam in november . secondly i would prefer to stay in a tent as it will be natural life while i am at the camp . thirdly i am keen on playing tennis and taking some photographs . 
in spite of the fact that the weathe is bad , i play tennis . i collect strange photography by myself . finally i am wondering that how much money i need for myself and what kind of clothes i need . 
in spite of the fact that the weather is bad , i play tennis . i collect strange photographs by myself . finally , i am wondering how much money i need for myself and what kind of clothes i need . 
i look forward to hearing from you as soon as possible . 
i look forward to hearing from you as soon as possible . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
bae ki seul
bae ki seul
title: speaking activity
title: speaking activity
i like speaking activity while i am in the class . during that time i can talk some secret things or private with class-mates . after that we know each other more than before . in addition speaking activity include everything to learn english such as listening , speaking , grammer as well . other lesson , the teacher teaches lots of things which are grammer , english culture . . . etc . it might be good . however all students are passive . so it can be boring . give a topic and then discussion about it . i know that what my friends think and like . it is real life who we are . also the film must be funny . if a film is boring , nobody will see it . during speaking , there are lots of happening such as , some students can't understand what the other students say and their culture . having fun and knowing new knowledge . it makes us laugh . 
i like speaking activity while i am in the class . during that time i can talk about some secret or private things with classmates . after that we know each other better than before . in addition speaking activity includes everything for learning english such as listening , speaking , and grammar as well . in other lessons , the teacher teaches lots of things which are grammar , english culture . . . etc . it might be good . however , all the students are passive . so it can be boring . give a topic and then discuss it . i know what my friends think and like . it is real life who we are . also the film must be funny . if a film is boring , nobody will watch it . during speaking , there are lots of things happening such as , some students can't understand what the other students say and their culture . having fun and acquiring new knowledge . it makes us laugh . 
so i think that speaking activity should be filmed as you can see and know real us and funny as well . 
so i think that speaking activity should be filmed as you can see and know the real us and it would be funny as well . 
dear mrs helen ryan , 
dear mrs ryan , 
i am writing in reply to your letter that i have just received . i am very happy to win first prize in your competition . - two weeks at camp california in the u . s . a . i am also very excited about it . 
i am writing in reply to your letter that i have just received . i am very happy to win first prize in your competition - two weeks at camp california in the u . s . a . i am also very excited about it . 
if it is possible i would like to travel in july . this is the only month that i will be free . because i am studying the management and finance at university and it will finish at the end of june . i will be in italy in august . because i need to improve my italian and i am taking a very important exam next year . 
if it is possible , i would like to travel in july . this is the only month that i will be free because i am studying management and finance at university and it will finish at the end of june . i will be in italy in august because i need to improve my italian as i am taking a very important exam next year . 
i would be appreciate it if i could stay in tents at camp . because i usually go on camping-site holiday , with my friends . it is great fun . i really like staying in tents . 
i would appreciate it if i could stay in a tent at the camp because i usually go on camping site camping holidays with my friends . it is great fun . i really like sleeping in tents . 
it is also written in your letter that we will have to chance to do two activities . i am really good at playing tennis and singing . i have been playing tennis for five years and i love it . i play the classicial guitar and i also sing songs . i have been playing the classicial guitar for three years . it is quite difficult but i like difficult things . 
you also said in your letter that we will have the chance to do two activities . i am really good at playing tennis and singing . i have been playing tennis for five years and i love it . i play the classical guitar and i also sing . i have been playing the classical guitar for three years . it is quite difficult but i like difficult things . 
i wonder if you could tell me about the wheather and what kind of clothes i have to bring with me . i would also like to know how much money i need . 
i wonder if you could tell me about the weather and what kind of clothes i ought to bring with me . i would also like to know how much money i need . 
i look forward to receiving your reply 
i look forward to receiving your reply . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
right time for shopping
the right time for shopping
why do people like shopping ? first answer is that they need shopping . second answer is that the shopping makes everyone happy . if i get bored i can't stay at home and i feel going shopping . when i do shopping i don't think about any problems i have . it's very relaxing for me but if it is possible to do shopping . sometimes it can be nightmare if you can't find something that you are looking for . 
why do people like shopping ? the first answer is that they need to go shopping . the second answer is that shopping makes everyone happy . if i get bored i can't stay at home and i feel like going shopping . when i go shopping i don't think about any problems i have . it's very relaxing for me but only if it is possible to do the shopping . sometimes it can be nightmare if you can't find something that you are looking for . 
i think the weekends are not the right time to go shopping . i went shopping last week with my friend she needed to buy a nightdress . we spent for three hours and we couldn't buy anything . it was incredibly crowded . we couldn't even move and the most people were just looking and were wasting of their time . 
i think the weekends are not the right time to go shopping . i went shopping last week with my friend , she needed to buy a nightdress . we spent three hours and we couldn't buy anything . it was incredibly crowded . we couldn't even move and most people were just looking and wasting their time . 
if you are in a hurry , don't go shopping ! it is not really good idea to go shopping if you don't have enough time . 
if you are in a hurry , don't go shopping ! it is not really a good idea to go shopping if you don't have enough time . 
imagine you have three children and you are going shopping with them . i can tell you how bad situation you are in because when i was a child i always had an argument with my mother about shopping . i can remember how upset i was if my mother didn't buy what i wanted and how much i cried . it was very ashameful for my mum . she was also very angry . because she never managed to get me out from the toy shop . 
imagine you have three children and you are going shopping with them . i can tell you how bad a situation you are in because when i was a child i always had arguments with my mother about shopping . i can remember how upset i was if my mother didn't buy what i wanted and how much i cried . it was very shameful for my mum . she was also very angry because she never managed to get me out of the toy shop . 
as you see shopping is not always enjoyable . always make sure that is right time to go shopping . 
as you see , shopping is not always enjoyable . always make sure that it is the right time to go shopping . 
dear mrs ryan , 
dear mrs ryan , 
thank you for your letter . it was a wonderful surprise ! i'm writing to give you the information you wanted . 
thank you for your letter . it was a wonderful surprise ! i'm writing to give you the information you requested . 
firstly , you asked me about the period i'd prefer to travel : for me , the only solution is july , because i've already something planned in august . 
firstly , you asked me when i'd prefer to travel . for me , the only option is july , because i've already something planned in august . 
concerning the accommodation , i'd prefer to spend my nights in a log cabin , because i've great difficulty sleeping in a tent . 
concerning the accommodation , i'd prefer to spend my nights in a log cabin , because i've great difficulty sleeping in a tent . 
you also mentionned the activities i'll be able to do . i chose tennis and golf . althoug i've been playing tennis for five years , i can't say i'm a very good player . and i'm even worse at golf , because i've never been playing it before . but i enjoy discovering new activities ! in addition to this , i would be grateful if you could send me information on these few details : what kind of clothes is required ? how is the weather at this period of the year ? and should i take some money with me ? how much ? 
you also mentioned the activities i'll be able to do . i chose tennis and golf . although i've been playing tennis for five years , i can't say i'm a very good player . and i'm even worse at golf , because i've never played it before . but i enjoy finding out about new activities ! in addition to this , i would be grateful if you could send me some information on these few subjects : what kind of clothes are required ? what is the weather like at that time of the year ? and should i take some money with me ? how much ? 
i hope you will be able to answer my questions . 
i hope you will be able to answer my questions . 
i look forward to hearing from you as soon as possible . 
i look forward to hearing from you as soon as possible . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
hermine damien
hermine damien
" cry freedom " 
" cry freedom " 
if you are used to reading a lot , you know there are only a few books about which you can say: 'this is such a marvellous book i will want to read it again' . " cry freedom " , from john briley , is one of these books . but why should we read this book twice ? 
if you are used to reading a lot , you know there are only a few books about which you can say: 'this is such a marvellous book i will want to read it again' . " cry freedom " , by john briley , is one of these books . but why should we read this book twice ? 
firstly , the story takes place in south africa , during the period of the appartheid . the political and historical background is very interesting , but also complicated . i think that you can't understand all the links between the events whitout reading the book more than one time . and by understanding the book , you'll also be able to better understand what happens nowadays in a lot of countries . 
firstly , the story takes place in south africa , during the period of apartheid apartheid . the political and historical background is very interesting , but also complicated . i think that you can't understand all the links between the events without reading the book more than once . and by understanding the book , you'll also be able to better understand what happens nowadays in a lot of countries . 
however , i think that the main reason why someone has to read this book twice is the strength and depth of the two main characters: donald woods and steve biko . both of them symbolize courage , love of justice , fight for freedom , which makes them look like heroes . just as the greeks and the romans , our modern society has mythes , and " cry freedom " is one of them . 
however , i think that the main reason why someone has to read this book twice is the strength and depth of the two main characters: donald woods and steve biko . both of them symbolize courage , the love of justice , the fight for freedom , which makes them look like heroes . just like the greeks and the romans , our modern society has myths legends , and " cry freedom " is one of them . 
to sum up , i think it's worth reading this book twice , both for a better understanding of our world , and for the symbolical meaning of the story . 
to sum up , i think it's worth reading this book twice , both for a better understanding of our world , and for the symbolical meaning of the story . 
dear helen ryan , 
dear helen ryan , 
i am writing to reply to your letter . i'm very glad to hear that i have won first prize in your competition . here there are the informations you require . 
i am writing to reply to your letter . i'm very glad to hear that i have won first prize in your competition . here is the information you require . 
first of all , i'm available for travel only in july because in august i'm going to attend a language course in france . 
first of all , i'm available to travel only in july because in august i'm going to attend a language course in france . 
as far as accomodation is concerned i would prefer to stay in a log cabin because i think it is more comfortable , and , therefore , i have never stayed in a tent . 
as far as accommodation is concerned , i would prefer to stay in a log cabin because i think it is more comfortable , and , therefore , i have never stayed in a tent . 
the two activities i have chosen are basketball and tennis . 
the two activities i have chosen are basketball and tennis . 
i play basketball very well , although i have never taken part in important competitions; however , i am not very good at tennis , and i would like to improve it . 
i play basketball very well , although i have never taken part in important competitions; however , i am not very good at tennis , and i would like to improve . 
moreover i would be grateful if you could tell me how much money i have to take , and which clothes are better to be put on during the holiday . 
moreover i would be grateful if you could tell me how much money i have to take , and what clothes are best wear to wear during the holiday . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
rita pizzi
rita pizzi
this report shows which lessons and activities are better to be filmed in order to make a short video about daily life at our school . it is based on interviews taken from over 80% of my classmates . 
this report shows which lessons and activities are best to film in order to make a short video about daily life at our school . it is based on interviews taken from over 80% of my classmates . 
first of all , according to the majority of them , latin and greek lessons should be filmed . in fact they find it difficult to take them in and , in their opinion , these lessons are the most important so as to show their daily life at school . 
first of all , according to the majority of them , latin and greek lessons should be filmed . in fact they find it difficult to take them in and , in their opinion , these lessons are the most important so as to show their daily life at school . 
on the other hand , about 3% of students suggest that also chemistry lessons should be filmed , because they often take place in the laboratory that the school has lately built; in fact some experiments might be filmed . 
on the other hand , about 3% of students suggest that chemistry lessons should also be filmed , because they often take place in the laboratory that the school has recently built; in fact some experiments might be filmed . 
furthermore , some students would like to film the football school team , because football is the most practised activity by the students . 
furthermore , some students would like to film the school football team , because football is the most practised activity among the students . 
to sum up , it is clear that not only should the film be about the subjects they study , but it should concern their sportif activities as well . 
to sum up , it is clear that not only should the film be about the subjects they study , but it should concern their sports activities as well . 
dear sir/madam . 
dear sir/madam , 
firstly , i would like to say that i am surprise to received the letter from you . i read the information as you gave to me , it is very interesting . it is very good due . 
firstly , i would like to say that i am surprised to receive a letter from you . i read the information you gave to me . it is very interesting . it is very good due . 
according to camp california in the u . s . a . i expect to traveling on july because i will have a long holiday break on that time and my children have to go to france with student's school on july as well . i think , it will be very good time to traveling by without worries . 
regarding camp california in the u . s . a . , i expect to travelling travel in july because i will have a long holiday at that time and my children have to go to france with school in july as well . i think it will be a very good time to travelling travel without worries . 
how is about an accommodation . i prefer to live in tents because i feel very natural . can you imagine how exsiting when we stay in the dark and very quite and we can hear a sound of animal . how's amazing that ? 
what about accommodation ? i prefer to stay in tents because i feel very natural . can you imagine how exciting it is when we are in the dark and very quiet and we can hear the sound of the animals . how amazing is that ? 
when i arrived there , i would to painting and take a photography because both of its was my hobby . i have been doing a lot of them when i have got a free time and when i feel empressted where i have been . i think i can do it very well . 
when i arrive there , i would like to do painting and take a photography course because both of these were are my hobbies . i have been doing a lot of them when i have had some free time and when i feel impressed with where i have been . i think i can do these things very well . 
fainally i would like to ask you about i have to spent any money over there without my shopping and how is the weather over there on july because i will prepare the clothes as usedful . 
finally i would like to ask you about i have to spent any money over there without my shopping and how the weather is over there in july because i will pack the clothes as useful . 
by the way i have to say thank you very much for everything that you was offer me and i look forward the further information from you . 
by the way i have to say thank you very much for everything that you are offering me and i look forward to further information from you . 
your sincerely
yours sincerely
zita zalai
zita zalai
dear kim , 
dear kim , 
how are you ? it was very long time as i didn't write the letter to you . i hope , you will feel better when you finished my letter . 
how are you ? it has been a very long time since i wrote a letter to you . i hope you will feel better when you have finished my letter . 
today i going to write about the experience of helping at a pop concert as i went from last month , it has got a lot of thing to talk about . 
today i am going to write about the experience of helping at a pop concert i went to last month , i . i have got a lot of things to talk about . 
firstly it is about the hall which they used for concert . it is very big hall including the sound system and the light at the steat . it was brillian . 
firstly it is about the hall which they used for the concert . it was a very big hall , including a sound system and the light at the steat . it was brilliant . 
secondly it is the super star as they came to show at concert . they are very cool . 
secondly it is the superstar superstars that came to perform at the concert . they were very cool . 
by the way i had done many thing in that concert . i had to connect with people who responsible about ticket . they had to check when people came in the hall and i was the one who checking the tickets as well . you know , you have to very strongly when you have to do that because when people came in they couldn't weait to go at frount and they are try to go over very quickly . so you have to explaining too many time to make people clamed down and standed in the row . it was very hard for me and i won't do it again . 
by the way , i did a lot of things at that concert . i had to connect with people who were responsible for ticket . they had to check when people came in the hall and i was checking the tickets as well . you know , you have to very strongly when you have to do that because when people came in they couldn't wait to get to the front and they try to go through very quickly . so you have to explain a lot of times to make people calm down and stood stand in a row . it was very hard for me and i won't do it again . 
in the further more if you want to go there . 
in the furthermore if you want to go there . 
miss you , 
miss you , 
dear helen , 
dear helen , 
thanks a lot for giving me the prize . i am so happy because of that . thank you very much for treating me in that way . 
thanks a lot for giving me the prize . i am so happy because of that . thank you very much for treating me in that way . 
appart from that , here you are the repplies that you asked me for:
apart from that , here is the replies information that you asked me for:
- concerning to the date: i can go in july because it's my holidays month . that was my boss told me . 
- concerning the date: i can go in july because it's my holiday month . that was what my boss told me . 
- about the accomodation , as i read , you can offer me log cabins or tents . from my point of view , i think tents are better than log cabins , so please , could you accomodate me in a tent ? 
- about the accommodation , as i read , you can offer me a log cabin or a tent . from my point of view , i think tents are better than log cabins , so please , could you accommodate me put me up in a tent ? 
- activities: i am very keen on surfing because , where i live , i can pactice it every day . i also want to " book in " singing because i love singing very much and i am always singing in my house . 
- activities: i am very keen on surfing because , where i live , i can practise do it every day . i also want to " book in " singing because i love singing very much and i am always singing in my house . 
thank you so much for your attention . 
thank you so much for your concern . 
yours faithfully 
yours sincerely 
javi fernndez
javi fernndez
why don't you buy the green one ? oh , no ! that's horrible , mum ! this is one of a normal scene when a mother and her daughter are buying and getting clothes from the shelves . that is what most of the women love . they love going to a shopping centre and put lots of clothes on . that's so good when you have money for joy it but , appart from that , there are many problems . 
why don't you buy the green one ? oh , no ! that's horrible , mum ! this is a normal scene when a mother and her daughter are shopping and getting clothes from the shelves . that is what most women love . they love going to a shopping centre and putting lots of clothes on . that's so good when you have the money to enjoy it but , apart from that , there are many problems . 
on the one hand , a big problem are the children . when they go to shopping with their mothers , they want to buy all the things that their sight reach : doors , little cars , films . . . but , when their mothers see a good thing that they want to buy , there are the children : crying because they are tired for shopping all the day . 
first of all , a big problem is the children . when they go shopping with their mothers , they want to buy all the things that they see : doors , little cars , films . . . but , when their mothers see a good thing that they want to buy , then the children are crying because they are tired from shopping all day . 
on the other hand there is a big problem: the mony . people buy and buy unnecessary things but , when they arrives in their houses , they can see an empty wallet . 
also there is a big problem: the money . people buy and buy unnecessary things but , when they arrive in their houses get home , they can see an empty wallet . 
so , do you believe that a shopping bag like this one is an enjoyable shopping day ? 
so , do you believe that a shopping trip like this one is an enjoyable day's shopping ? 
dear helen , 
dear helen , 
i would like to thank you for the letter i have just received . first of all i would like to point out that it is a great pleasure for me to take part in your competition . 
i would like to thank you for the letter i have just received . first of all i would like to point out that it is a great pleasure for me to take part in your competition . 
i would like to assure you that i would do my best to be the one of the winners in your competition . now , if i would like to state some of the information that you may need . 
i would like to assure you that i will do my best to be one of the winners in your competition . now , i would like to provide some of the information that you may need . 
firstly , i have to say that i can travel only in july this year . this is mostly because i have a job and i have made further arrangements for the other summer months . 
firstly , i have to say that i can only travel in july this year . this is mostly because i have a job and i have made further arrangements for the other summer months . 
secoundly , i would be very grateful if you can accommodate me in tents rather than long cabins . it is mostly because i like fresh air at night . from the list of activities in which i will have a chance to compete i have choosen : basketball and swimming . i am very good at those kinds of sports and think that i could be the winner . 
secondly , i would be very grateful if you could accommodate me in tents rather than log cabins . it is mostly because i like fresh air at night . from the list of activities in which i will have a chance to compete i have chosen basketball and swimming . i am very good at those kinds of sports and think that i could be the winner . 
finally , i would like to ask you how many clothes and how much money should i take with me . i will wait to hearing from you , soon . 
finally , i would like to ask you how many clothes and how much money i should take with me . i will wait to hear from you , soon . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
piotr kaczmarski
piotr kaczmarski
i do agree with the opinion that shopping is not always enjoyable . nowadays many young people like to do their shopping . but , isn't it a kind of entertaintment ? 
i do agree with the opinion that shopping is not always enjoyable . nowadays many young people like to do their shopping . but , isn't it a kind of entertainment ? 
in the first place , i would like to point out that to go shopping does not always mean to buy something . a lot of people , especially women , go to do their shopping only for fan . in such a situation they are looking for something that they might buy . 
in the first place , i would like to point out that to go shopping does not always mean to buy something . a lot of people , especially women , go to do their shopping only for fun . in such a situation they are looking for something that they might buy . 
but , what about real shopping . i mean shopping with a real purpose . 
but , what about real shopping ? i mean shopping with a real purpose . 
for example , emagine that you are a bride and you have to buy an appropriate suit . it's a real nightmare when you try to match everything: from the size , the colour to the sawings of the suit that is acceptable for everyone . 
for example , imagine that you are a bride and you have to buy an appropriate outfit . it's a real nightmare when you try to match everything: from the size , the colour to the sawings of the suit that is acceptable for everyone . 
on the other hand it is a great achievement for you when you buy the suit that is perfect for everyone . 
on the other hand it is a great achievement for you when you buy the suit that is perfect for everyone . 
to sum up , i would like to say that shopping is enjoyable when you are going only for fan . but , when you want to buy something special it's a real nightmare . 
to sum up , i would like to say that shopping is enjoyable when you are going only for fun . but , when you want to buy something special it's a real nightmare . 
dear sir/madam , 
dear sir/madam , 
thank you for your letter and your congratulations . i never thought that i would win the competition . it is really wonderful . i can stay at camp california in the u . s . a . for two weeks . 
thank you for your letter and your congratulations . i never thought that i would win the competition . it is really wonderful . i can stay at camp california in the u . s . a . for two weeks . 
i am a student at portsmouth college and the end of this term is 23 june , so i can only travel in july . i wonder if it is all right for that time . and for my accommodation . i prefer live in a log cabin , because it is more comfortable . i like to relax there and enjoy the atmosphere when i live in . 
i am a student at portsmouth college and the end of this term is 23 june , so i can only travel in july . i wonder if it is all right to come at that time . and concerning my accommodation , i would prefer stay to stay in a log cabin , because it is more comfortable . i would like to relax there and enjoy the atmosphere in which i will be living . 
i like to do some activities in water and my favourite activity is swimming . before i came england , i swam every weekend in my country even in winter , so i choose to do some swimming and sailing while i am at the camp . 
i like to do some activities in water and my favourite activity is swimming . before i came to england , i swam every weekend in my country , even in winter , so i choose to do some swimming and sailing while i am at the camp . 
actually , my mind has already gone there , i can't wait even for a minute . i want to go there now . 
actually , my mind has already gone there . i can't wait even for a minute . i want to go there now . 
by the way , i would like to know the shopping especially for clothes , i want to buy some for myself . and do you think i need to exchange money before i go there ? 
by the way , i would like to know about the shopping , especially for clothes . i want to buy some for myself . and do you think i need to exchange money before i go there ? 
i look forward to your letter . 
i look forward to your letter . 
yours faithfully , 
yours faithfully , 
to: mr ted
to: mr ted
from: meng
from: meng
subject: about daily life at our school
subject: about daily life at our school
introduction
introduction
this report is aim to research the students about their daily life at school and give some suggestion about it . 
this report is aim to research the students about their daily life at school and give some suggestion about it . 
what do students do now ? 
what do students do now ? 
lots of student normally have classes in the morning . and sometimes they do something in the library by themselves in the afteroon . for instance , reading , looking for some information or using computer . 
lots of students normally have classes in the morning . and sometimes they do something in the library by themselves in the afternoon . for instance , reading , looking for some information or using the computer . 
what do they think about it ? 
what do they think about it ? 
the arts students want to learn another foreign language . moreover , some foreign students hope there will be some english classes that aim to the examination . 
the arts students want to learn another foreign language . moreover , some foreign students hope there will be some english classes that focus on the examination . 
most of them want to do more activities in the afternoon . 
most of them want to do more activities in the afternoon . 
recommendations
recommendations
open some foreign language classes at part-time for the students who is interested in it . 
start some part-time foreign language classes for the students who are interested in them . 
let foreign students do more excises about english to help them pass the exam . 
let foreign students do more exercises about english to help them pass the exam . 
using the equipment and area what we have to organise some activities . 
use the equipment and space that we have to organise some activities . 
dear mrs . ryan
dear mrs . ryan
thank you for your informing letter and your congratulations . i was very delighted to hear about my success in your competition and me winning the prize . i'm very looking forward to it as i've never been in the u . s . a . before . 
thank you for your informative letter and your congratulations . i was really delighted to hear about my success in your competition and me winning the prize . i'm really looking forward to it as i've never been to the u . s . a . before . 
unfortunately , the only month i can travel is july because i'm doing my final exams at university in june and then starting a job in august . any two weeks during july will suit me perfectly . the best term would be from 17th july till 30th july . as for accommodation at camp california , i prefer tent . i'm used to sleep in tent from my previous holidays and i always injoyed it . i'd just like to know if the tents at the camp are based on sharing and how many people is there in one tent . 
unfortunately , the only month i can travel is july because i'm doing my final exams at university in june and then starting a job in august . any two weeks during july will suit me perfectly . the best time would be from 17th july till 30th july . as for accommodation at camp california , i prefer a tent . i'm used to sleeping in a tent from my previous holidays and i always enjoyed it . i'd just like to know if the tents at the camp are based on sharing and how many people are there in one tent . 
i really appreciate the choice of activities at the camp . it was hard to choose only two . i've chosen tennis and sailing . i've played tennis since i was eight years old and i'm very good at it . i'm also good at swimming and surfing but i'd like to try sailing . i was always attracted to it but never had an opportunity . is it possible to start to learn it at camp california ? 
i really appreciate the choice of activities at the camp . it was hard to choose only two . i've chosen tennis and sailing . i've played tennis since i was eight years old and i'm very good at it . i'm also good at swimming and surfing but i'd like to try sailing . i have always been attracted to it but never had an opportunity to try . is it possible to start to learn it at camp california ? 
i'd also like to know how far is it to the nearest village and how much cash do i need for two-weeks stay at the camp ? do i need to bring with me some special gear or equipment ? 
i'd also like to know how far it is to the nearest village and how much cash i need for a two-week stay at the camp ? do i need to bring with me some special gear or equipment ? 
i'm looking forward to hear from you again . 
i'm looking forward to hearing from you again . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
dear kim
dear kim
in my last letter i promised to write you about my experience working at pop-concert . the job came unexpectedly as my friend , who was supposed to work there , broke her leg just two days before the event . so she asked me to fill her position . even i had planned something else to do i agreed because she's my very good friend . 
in my last letter i promised to write to you about my experience working at a pop-concert . the job came unexpectedly as my friend , who was supposed to work there , broke her leg just two days before the event . so she asked me to fill her position . even though i had planned something else to do i agreed because she's my very good friend . 
the concert was due to start at 7 o'clock but we had to be there two hours before the beginning . first i was supposed to help at the refreshment spot for the fans but some 15 minutes before beginning i was told to go to the backstage and help with the refreshment for the musicians , technicians and others who worked there . it was very hectic there as everyone was a bit nervous but i saw the main stars and even managed to talk to them . 
the concert was due to start at 7 o'clock but we had to be there two hours before the beginning . first i was supposed to help at the refreshment spot for the fans but some 15 minutes before beginning i was told to go backstage and help with the refreshments for the musicians , technicians and others who worked there . it was very hectic there as everyone was a bit nervous but i saw the main stars and even managed to talk to them . 
when they started to play i was told to change my post again . this time i was helping the medical workers who had full hands with fainted teenage girls . first , it seemed to me odd because i didn't understand why they faint , but as the concert went on , the heat in the air was increasing and so was the number of the fainted . it wasn't funny anymore and i didn't know what to do first . i was really shocked by the view of crying and shaking but absolutely happy girls sitting or lying on the floor . 
when they started to play i was told to change my post again . this time i was helping the medical workers who had their hands full with teenage girls who had fainted . first , it seemed to me odd because i didn't understand why they fainted , but as the concert went on , the heat in the air was increasing and so was the number of the unconscious . it wasn't funny anymore and i didn't know what to do first . i was really shocked by the sight of crying and shaking but completely happy girls sitting or lying on the floor . 
however , i manage to listen the music and i must admit that i liked it . i actually injoyed it working there and i wouldn't hesitate to work there again . as i know you like this
however , i managed to listen to the music and i must admit that i liked it . i actually enjoyed it working there and i wouldn't hesitate to work there again . as i know you like this
tuesday , 13nd june 2000
tuesday , 13nd june 2000
dear ms ryan , 
dear ms ryan , 
i've just received the letter telling me that i've won first prize in your competition . i guess you can imagine how happy and excited i am at this time . 
i've just received the letter telling me that i've won first prize in your competition . i guess you can imagine how happy and excited i am right now . 
here are the few information about my stay at camp california , that you asked my to complete :
here is the few information about my stay at camp california that you asked me to provide :
for the date of the travel , i wonder if it would be possible in july because i'm going to pass a very important exam at the end of june . two weeks in the usa would be a great occasion for me to relax after that . 
regarding the best dates for my visit , i wonder if it would be possible to come in july because i'm going to sit a very important exam at the end of june . two weeks in the usa would be a great opportunity for me to relax after that . 
you asked my to chose my accommodation between tents and cabins . i prefer sleeping in a log cabin ( i made a very bad experience with tents while i was camping with friends last year ) 
you asked me to choose my accommodation from either tents or cabins . i prefer sleeping in a log cabin ( i had a very bad experience with tents while i was camping with friends last year ) 
the activities listed in your letter seemded to be all interesting . i choosed to do baskelball ( i play in a club , i have a good level ) and photography ( there must be beautiful pictures to take in california ) . 
the activities listed in your letter seemed to be all interesting all seemed to be interesting . i chose to play basketball ( i play in a club , i am quite good ) and to do photography ( there must be beautiful pictures to take in california ) . 
talking about california , i suppose that the weather is hot there in summer . could you please tell me if i have to take special clothes with me . if it's not two much to ask , could you also tell me how much money i should take with me for food or evening activities at the camp 
talking about california , i suppose that the weather is hot there in summer . could you please tell me if i have to take any special clothes with me ? if it's not too much to ask , could you also tell me how much money i should take with me for food or evening activities at the camp ? 
looking for you to receive those information , 
looking for you to receive those information , 
dominique
dominique
last week i had planned to change my old basketball shoes . so i took the train to lausanne ( i live in lavaux and it's impossible to find a corect pair of sneakers in this whole damned city ! ) to buy a new pair to play outdoor this summer . 
last week i had planned to change my old basketball shoes . so i took the train to lausanne ( i live in lavaux and it's impossible to find a correct the right pair of sneakers in this whole damned city ! ) to buy a new pair to play outdoors in this summer . 
after having visited shops during 10 hours and tried at least 2 , 000 shoes , i finally found what i was looking for . the shoes of my dreams ( well designed and not too expensive ) so i went back to the station , very proud of me with my sneakers in a white plastic bag and a great smile on my face . 
after having looked around the shops for 10 hours and tried at least 2 , 000 shoes , i finally found what i was looking for - the shoes of my dreams ( well designed and not too expensive ) . so i went back to the station , very proud of myself with my sneakers in a white plastic bag and a great smile on my face . 
i stayed that happy during the travel , thinking of how cool i would look on the playground with my brand new shoes on . 
i stayed happy during the journey , thinking of how cool i would look in the playground with my brand-new shoes on . 
as i jumped off the train , i met a friend of mine . i immediately wanted to show him what i had bought to make him jealous . i took the white plastic bag and . . . oh my god ! there was no more plastic bag , i had forgotten it in the train ! 
as i jumped off the train , i met a friend of mine . i immediately wanted to show him what i had bought to make him jealous . i took the white plastic bag and . . . oh my god ! there was no more plastic bag . i had left it on the train ! 
how stupid i am ! it seems like i will have to play with old shoes for one more summer . . . 
how stupid i am ! it seems like i will have to play in old shoes for one more summer . . . 
13th june 2000
13th june 2000
helen ryan
helen ryan
competition organiser
competition organiser
dear madam , 
dear madam , 
i am writing in response to your letter , in which you told me i am the winner in your competition , and my intention is to try to give you all the information you may need according to your letter . 
i am writing in response to your letter , in which you told me i am the winner in your competition , and my intention is to try to give you all the information you may need . 
i would like to travel in july because i had another trip to spain in august , that is the perfect month for me , otherwise i would not travel to spain . 
i would like to travel in july because i have another trip , to spain , in august , which is the perfect month for me , otherwise i would not travel to spain . 
about accommodation , i would prefer tents instead of log cabins and the reason is i have never used tents and this could be a very exciting experience for me . 
about accommodation , i would prefer a tent instead of a log cabin and the reason is i have never used tents and this could be a very exciting experience for me . 
the two activities which i find better for me are swimming and sailing . i love the sea , that is why i became interested in those activities since i was ten , therefore i have a lot of experience in both . 
the two activities which i think would be best for me are swimming and sailing . i love the sea , which is why i became interested in those activities when i was ten . therefore i have a lot of experience in both . 
could you give me some advice about the weather in california ? 
could you give me some advice about the weather in california ? 
thank you very much for everything . 
thank you very much for everything . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours faithfully , 
yours faithfully , 
ion gayarre
ion gayarre
13th june 2000
13th june 2000
dear kim , 
dear kim , 
thank you for asking about my latest good experience , i let you know what the important details were . 
thank you for asking about my latest good experience . i will let you know what the important details are . 
as you know i helped at a pop concert last month , i did things as unusual in me as cleaning instruments , organise people , and also look after the clothes of the artists . in fact everything was very easy , the instruments were already clean , and with the clothes my job was only wait there and give them what they asked for . organise people involved , just a couple of things , say to people how to do the same as me and when . 
as you know , i helped at a pop concert last month . i did things as unusual for me as cleaning instruments , organising people , and also looking after the artists' clothes . in fact everything was very easy , the instruments were already clean , and with the clothes my job was only to wait there and give them what they asked for . organising people involved just a couple of things , saying to telling people how to do the same as me and when . 
the most exciting thing was to be able to speak to the singers , the whole environment , and of course to the listen to the concert in the very first position . 
the most exciting things were to be able to speak to the singers , the whole environment , and of course to listen to the concert from the very first row . 
all that i can say now is that i would do it again , i will never forget that day . 
all that i can say now is that i would do it again . i will never forget that day . 
looking forward to seeing you , 
looking forward to seeing you , 
best wishes
best wishes
dear mrs helen ryan , 
dear mrs helen ryan , 
i received your letter last week and was surprised to see that i won a competition . it is the first time it happens to me . 
i received your letter last week and was surprised to see that i had won a competition . it is the first time it has happened to me . 
unfortunately i'm free only in july . actually i will be busy working abroad until the end of june and will be on holidays with my family in august . 
unfortunately i'm free only in july . i will be busy working abroad until the end of june and will be on holiday with my family in august . 
you asked me which accomodation i would prefer . it's ages since i have been sleeping in a tent and i would be happy to experiment it again . it will remind me some wonderful experiences . 
you asked me which accommodation i would prefer . it's ages since i have slept in a tent and i would be happy to experience it again . it will remind me of some wonderful experiences . 
according to the activities , i would like to do some painting , which i am quite good at . the second activity i chose is sailing . i went two times on a sailing ship without doing anything , therefore have i got no experience at all . 
regarding the activities , i would like to do some painting , which i am quite good at . the second activity i chose is sailing . i have been on a sailing ship two times without doing anything , therefore i have got no experience at all . 
may i ask you how much money do i need and which sort of clothes do you advise me to take ? 
may i ask you , how much money do i need and what sort of clothes do you advise me to take ? 
i look forward to your answer and to the camp , naturally . 
i look forward to your answer and to the camp , naturally . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
dear kim , 
dear kim , 
thank you very much for your last letter . as you asked me in your letter , i will try to explain my wonderful experience at this pop concert . 
thank you very much for your last letter . as you asked me in your letter , i will try to explain my wonderful experience at the pop concert . 
first of all you have to know that it wasn't a common pop concert , but a real open air festival . it isn't the first year that i work there . however this year wasn't like last year . 
first of all , you have to know that it wasn't an ordinary pop concert , but a real open-air festival . this isn't the first year that i have worked there . however , this year wasn't like last year . 
my job was as simple as selling ice-creams . you might say that it is quite boring , but it was so funny . everybody was so relaxed; we were singing and dancing while selling ice-creams in our little van . byran adams himself bought me an ice-cream . 
my job was simply selling ice-creams . you might say that it was quite boring , but it was such fun . everybody was so relaxed; we were singing and dancing while selling ice-creams in our little van . byran adams himself bought me an ice-cream . 
it was amazing experience . what i particularly liked about it was that the staff was like a big family . everybody was ready to help each other . i was really impressed by this solidarity and friendship which is quite rare in switzerland . 
it was an amazing experience . what i particularly liked about it was that the staff was like a big family . everybody was ready to help each other . i was really impressed by this solidarity and friendship which is quite rare in switzerland . 
i look forward to hearing from you and wish you all the best . 
i look forward to hearing from you and wish you all the best . 
love from
love from
dear helen ryan
dear helen ryan
i am writing to provide you with the information that you require to arrange my two week holidays at camp california in the u . s . a 
i am writing to provide you with the information that you require to arrange my two-week holiday at camp california in the u . s . a . 
i would like to travel in july because , as i am working , this is the only time that i have to go on holidays . 
i would like to travel in july because , as i am working , this is the only time that i have to go on holiday . 
about the accomodation , i would prefer to stay in a log cabin rather than in a tent because i have bad back and i think that to sleep in a tent could be not just uncomfortable but also painful for me . 
about the accommodation , i would prefer to stay in a log cabin rather than in a tent because i have a bad back and i think that sleeping in a tent could be not just uncomfortable but also painful for me . 
you also told me that i would have the chance of doing two activities . i would like to go climbing , because it is something that i have been doing since i was a child , so i could consider myself an expert in it . and i would like to try golf because this is a sport that i have never practised but i have always wanted to try . 
you also told me that i would have the chance of doing two activities . i would like to go climbing , because it is something that i have been doing since i was a child , so i could consider myself an expert in it . and i would like to try golf because this is a sport that i have never done but i have always wanted to try . 
finally , i would like to enquire about how much money i should take with me and also what kind of clothes would be most suitable to wear . 
finally , i would like to enquire about how much money i should take with me and also what kind of clothes would be most suitable to wear . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely . 
yours sincerely . 
it is said that shopping is becoming a new way of life for more and more people in the developed countries . many people leave so many other activities for the pleasure of buying as many things as they can afford . let us then ask: 'is this activitie always enjoyable ? '
it is said that shopping is becoming a new way of life for more and more people in the developed countries . many people forget so many other activities for the pleasure of buying as many things as they can afford . let us then ask: 'is this activity always enjoyable ? '
nobody can deny that the main advantage of going shopping is the fact that , to do so , you do not need to make any effort . far from the strengh that practising a sport or even going to work require , going shopping is something you can do either on your own or with all your family and it could not be easier; you only need a good pair of shoes and a wallet full of money . 
nobody can deny that the main advantage of going shopping is the fact that , to do so , you do not need to make any effort . far from the strength that doing a sport or even going to work requires , going shopping is something you can do either on your own or with all your family and it could not be easier; you only need a good pair of shoes and a wallet full of money . 
however , this apparently quite and relaxed activitie can sometimes turn into a living hell; you may only be able to go shopping at the weekend and then , if you do go , you will find yourself in the middle of a huge crowd of people , unable to get to any product or even shop and feeling dizzy by the mixture of smells that come from the people . nevertheless the worst will come when you lose the youngest member of your family and you have to spend the whole day looking for him/her . 
however , this apparently quiet and relaxed activity can sometimes turn into a living hell; you may only be able to go shopping at the weekend and then , if you do go , you will find yourself in the middle of a huge crowd of people , unable to get to any product or even shop and feeling dizzy with the mixture of smells that come from the people . nevertheless the worst will come when you lose the youngest member of your family and you have to spend the whole day looking for him/her . 
on balance i would say that although it is true that shopping it is not a difficult activitie , it is also true that is definetly not an enjoyable one . 
on balance i would say that although it is true that shopping is not a difficult activity , it is also true that it is definitely not an enjoyable one . 
dear sir/madam , 
dear sir/madam , 
i received your letter this morning and i was very suprised it . it was absolutely fantastic prize . 
i received your letter this morning and i was very surprised by it . it was an absolutely fantastic prize . 
i am writting you about your questions . first , i can come there only july because of my examination , i have to take it in june , and my new turm will also start in september . i would like to stay at long cabins because i have stayed at tents many times in my childhood . the most exciting offer is your activities . i have been interested in painting but i have not had a chance so i would like to do it , and i would like to do climbing . my grand father used to do it when he was a student . after he has got a job , he became busy . however , he retired his job last year so he has had his own time . if i know how to climb , i will enjoy it with my grand father . 
i am writing to you about your questions . first , i can come there only in july because of my examination , i have to take it in june , and my new term will also start in september . i would like to stay in log cabins because i have stayed in tents many times in my childhood . the most exciting offer is your activities . i have been interested in painting but i have not had a chance , so i would like to do it , and i would like to do climbing . my grandfather used to do it when he was a student . after he got a job , he became busy . however , he retired from his job last year so he has had his own time . if i know how to climb , i will enjoy it with my grandfather . 
i would like to ask about my clothes and money . how much do i need to bring them ? 
i would like to ask about my clothes and money . how much do i need to bring ? 
i wish i could see you soon . 
i wish i could see you soon . 
your faithfully , 
yours faithfully , 
dear kim , 
dear kim , 
how are you ? you want to know about my experience at a pop concert , don't you ? it was so exciting ! 
how are you ? you want to know about my experience at a pop concert , don't you ? it was so exciting ! 
my main working was take people to their seat because of a concert hall , which was the millenium dorm . 
my main work was to take people to their seats because of a concert hall , which was the millennium dome . 
do you know it ? it's the hottest place in england . most of people were first time to come there , so they're lost . i had also never been there before . it's a huge building . i also sold a panfulet of that concert , cd and t-shirts . 
do you know it ? it's the hottest place in england . most of the people were first time to come there , so they were lost . i had also never been there before . it's a huge building . i also sold a pamphlet of that concert , cd and t-shirts . 
the most exciting experience was that i could met a lot of people . i told you before that concert was performed by elton john , so there were a lot of famouse people . when i saw jullia roberts , i was socked . she was abusolutelly beautiful . i have never seen that kind of long legs in my life ! 
the most exciting experience was that i could meet a lot of people . i told you before elton john performed at that concert , so there were a lot of famous people . when i saw jullia roberts , i was shocked . she was absolutely beautiful . i have never seen that kind of long legs in my life ! 
did you enjoy my letter ? i can't explain you very well . anyway , it was a wonderful time . 
did you enjoy my letter ? i can't explain to you very well . anyway , it was a wonderful time . 
lots of love , 
lots of love , 
so rafael , 13/06/00
so rafael , 13/06/00
dear helen
dear helen
i'm pleased to receive your litter and realy happy that i won the first prize . 
i'm pleased to receive your letter and really happy that i won the first prize . 
i would prefer to travel only on july because it's when my vacations start . i could even think about skyping's school . july is also good because the wethear is warm and i could enjoyed mor the time that i will spend in the camp . i would prefer the tends because i'll be in touch with the nature and i could listen the sounds of the night . the two activities that i've chosen are climbing and photography . i've already climbed for four months on walls , indoor climbing . i think i can handde it very well . i've choosen photography because i love to take pictures ! i've never chose any classes or training but i think i can take very good pictures . i would like to learn more about developing films . 
i would prefer to travel only in july because it's when my vacations start . i could even think about skipping school . july is also good because the weather is warm and i could enjoy more the time that i will spend in the camp the time i will spend in the camp more . i would prefer a tents tent because i'll be in touch with nature and i could listen to the sounds of the night . the two activities that i've chosen are climbing and photography . i've already climbed for four months on walls , indoor climbing . i think i can handle it very well . i've chosen photography because i love to take pictures ! i've never chosen taken any classes or training but i think i can take very good pictures . i would like to learn more about developing films . 
i have some questions myself , i would like to know:
i have some questions myself . i would like to know:
. if i have to take special equipement to the activities that i've chosen
. if i have to take any special equipment for the activities that i've chosen
. if i have to take lots of clothes or is there a service to wash them . 
. if i have to take lots of clothes or is there a service to wash them . 
. what kind of chosen do i have to take
. what kind of chosen do i have to take
. if is there a phone , a fax or e-mail so i can be in touch with my familie ? 
. whether there is a phone , a fax or e-mail so i can be in touch with my family . 
. if i have to take any money . if yes how much ? 
. if i have to take any money . if so how much ? 
i hope i've answered all you questions and i would be please if mine could also be answered . 
i hope i've answered all your questions and i would be pleased if mine could also be answered . 
your sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
sabrina rodriguez
sabrina rodriguez
so rafael , 13th june 2000
so rafael , 13th june 2000
dear kim , 
dear kim , 
how are you ? what have you been doing there in new york ? did you find a girlfriend ? yesterday was valentine's day here in portugal , in particurely i had to spend it alone . . . again . 
how are you ? what have you been doing there in new york ? did you find a girlfriend ? yesterday was valentine's day here in portugal . in particularly in particular i had to spend it alone . . . again . 
i'm writing to you to tell you about a pop concert that happend here in so rafael . red hot chilli pepers came here for a short time and they played at the " chedicard hall " . it was realy cool because i did some backstage job . i helped with the clothing with some paperwork , with the microphones , with the computers . i was everywher . i was kind of a " handy girl " . i did a little bit of everything . . the best part was when the band arrived . i took lots of pictures , asked for authographs and i even gave them my cel phone number ! they promissed me that they would call me some day , what i particulary doubt . some thing that was also great was to watch the show from the back stage . it's an unique experience . i wished you could be there with me . 
i'm writing to you to tell you about a pop concert that happened here in so rafael . red hot chilli peppers came here for a short time and they played at the " chedicard hall " . it was really cool because i did some backstage work . i helped with the clothing , with some paperwork , with the microphones , with the computers . i was everywhere . i was kind of a " handy girl " . i did a little bit of everything . . the best part was when the band arrived . i took lots of pictures , asked for autographs and i even gave them my cell phone number ! they promised me that they would call me someday , which i particularly doubt . something that was also great was to watch the show from backstage . it's a unique experience . i wished you could have been there with me . 
i hope you answer this letter as quik as possible with lots of thing to tell me . 
i hope you answer this letter as quick quickly as possible with lots of thing to tell me . 
lots of kisses and hugs
lots of kisses and hugs
your pen friend
your pen friend
sabrina rodriguez
sabrina rodriguez
dear ms , 
dear madam , 
i have just received your letter which inform me that i have won two weeks at camp california in the usa . 
i have just received your letter which informs me that i have won two weeks at camp california in the usa . 
in this letter you ask me some further information for my conveniance for this trip . firstly , i can take my holiday only the two first week of july because of my work . 
in this letter you ask me for some further information for my convenience for this trip . firstly , i can take my holiday only in the first two weeks of july because of my work . 
secondly , i would prefer sleep in a tent . i am going every year camping in the countryside of france . the activities that i have chosen are sailing and climbing . i have never sailed but i am a well swimmer . last summer i took a course of one week in switzerland of climbing so i have good knowledge of this sport . 
secondly , i would prefer to sleep in a tent . i go camping every year in the countryside of france . the activities that i have chosen are sailing and climbing . i have never sailed but i am a good swimmer . last summer i took a course for one week in switzerland climbing climbing course for one week in switzerland so i know a lot about this sport . 
finally could you please tell me wich kind of clothes shall i take with me and if the camping furnitures are provided . i also wondering me how much money i need and if there is a safe place where i can put my money and passport . 
finally could you please tell me which what kind of clothes should i take with me and if the camping furniture equipment is provided ? i was also wondering how much money i need and if there is a safe place where i can put my money and passport . 
i look forward to earing from you soon and if you could send me a brochure of this holiday i would be grateful . 
i look forward to hearing from you soon and if you could send me a brochure of this holiday i would be grateful . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
laura demoriane
laura demoriane
shopping is not always enjoyable
shopping is not always enjoyable
a lot of people like shopping and everybody goes on saturday because for lots of people they don't go to work and is the only day off of the majority of people . if you don't get up enough early you can't find a parking in the town centre , all of them are full before 11 am . in the street is so crowded that you can't walk like usually and if you go with some friends you can be sure that you will lost them . 
a lot of people like shopping and everybody goes on saturday because lots of people don't go to work then and it is the only day off for the majority of people . if you don't get up early enough you can't find a parking space in the town centre . all of them are full by 11 am . the street is so crowded that you can't walk like you usually do and if you go with some friends you can be sure that you will lose them . 
in the shops is worth , if you are lucky and you find a clothes with your right size you will wait 20 min . at the fitting room and after that 20 min more at the cash desk . in the supermarket is the same . when you buy food or drink they give you plastic bag for carry it and this bags broke every time . 
in the shops is worth , if you are lucky and you find some clothes which are the right size you will wait 20 minutes at the fitting room and after that 20 minutes more at the cash desk . in the supermarket it is the same . when you buy food or drink they give you a plastic bag to carry it in and these bags break every time . 
at the end of the month when your husband will receive the bill from you visa card he will have an heart-attack ! 
at the end of the month when your husband will receive the bill from your visa card your visa card bill he will have a heart attack ! 
why not buy with internet or if you have a nice mother at home enjoy this time because shopping is like go in the jungle . 
why not shop over the internet or if you have a nice mother at home enjoy this time because shopping is like going into the jungle . 
dear mrs ryan , 
dear mrs ryan , 
i received your letter which says i won the first prize in your competition - two weeks at camp california in the u . s . a . i apreicate it and i thank you a lot that you have chosen me as a winner . i acxepted it and i want to inform you that i can travel only on july because i have booked my anual leave that period . also , i prefer to stay in tents because i have memories from my childhood . every years my parents used to sent me for holidays at camps on the mountains so i would like to stay for a while in the same accommodation , and environment . also , i prefer swimming and painting . i started to learn how to swim when i was 7 years old . my parents brought me to the sea side every weekend so i was used to be inside the water all the seasons . i have taken part in races twice in my life , where i was successful . also , i like painting from young age , and i have taken part in a public exhibition , where i won the first prize . i would like to ask how much money i should have with me , where can i keep them ? what about the clothes , you don't mention anything . do i need something special or ordinary clothes ? 
i received your letter , which says i won the first prize in your competition - two weeks at camp california in the u . s . a . i appreciate that and i thank you sincerely for having chosen me as a winner . i accepted accept and i want to inform you that i can travel only in july because i have booked my annual leave for that period . also , i prefer to stay in tents because i have memories from my childhood . every year my parents used to send me to camps in the mountains so i would like to stay for a while in the same type of accommodation and environment . also , i prefer swimming and painting . i started to learn how to swim when i was 7 years old . my parents took me to the seaside every weekend so i got used to being in the water all seasons . i have taken part in races twice in my life , where i was successful . also , i have liked painting from an early age , and i have taken part in a public exhibition , where i won first prize . i would like to ask how much money i should have with me and where can i keep it ? what about the clothes ? you don't mention anything about them . do i need something special or can i wear ordinary clothes ? 
yours sincerely 
yours sincerely 
dear kim , 
dear kim , 
i would like to write about my experience that i had , when i enjoyed helping at a pop concert in my neighbourhood . 
i would like to write about the experience that i had when i enjoyed helping at a pop concert in my neighbourhood . 
i am a member in the council team so i decided to help them at a pop concert that was organized in the last month . i helped them to prepare the room for the bads and i decorated the place for the singers . also , i assisted them to choose the right instruments and to test them . it took a long time to testifite the speakers and the microphones . unless this preparation , i also took part to the concert . i helped them to the music and to the songs . it was a quite difficult assiment but i got very good experience . i understood it when the concert had finished . the audients was excited and i cannot discribe my happyness . it was some thing that i didn't expect . also , it happen first time in my life . i still have the sound of the music in my ears and the voices of the young people who were accompaning our songs . i enjoyed very much and i want to tranfere my enjoyment to you though this letter . 
i am a member of the council team so i decided to help them at a pop concert that was organized last month . i helped them to prepare the room for the bands and i decorated the place for the singers . also , i helped them to choose the right instruments and to test them . it took a long time to test the speakers and the microphones . apart from this preparation , i also helped out during the concert . i helped them to the music and the songs . it was quite a difficult assignment job but i got some very good experience . i realised it when the concert had finished . the audience was excited and i cannot describe my happiness . it was something that i didn't expect . also , it happened was the first time in my life . i still have the sound of the music in my ears and the voices of the young people who were accompanying our songs . i enjoyed it very much and i want to transfer convey my pleasure to you through this letter . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
dear ms ryan , 
dear ms ryan , 
i am writing to you to give some requiered information . first of all , i am glad to hear that i won the first prize in your competition . i am happy to visit the united states under your organisation . 
i am writing to you to give you some required information . first of all , i am glad to hear that i won the first prize in your competition . i am happy to visit the united states with your organisation . 
actually , i would like to go to camp california next july because i have got two weeks holiday then . i also will be pleased to stay in log cabins . my experience in camping is not so huge to stay in tents for 2 weeks . 
actually , i would like to go to camp california next july because i have got two weeks' holiday then . i also will be pleased to stay in a log cabin . my experience of camping is not so huge as to encourage me to stay in a tent for 2 weeks . 
therefore , you asked me what activities i would like to join . surfing is something that i have ever wanted to try . as you can see , i have abosolutly no experience in it . will it be possible to join a surf school ? for the second activity i have chosen photography . i enjoy taking pictures of landscapes , i have also visited a photography course . so that my level is not beginners anymore . 
you asked me what activities i would like to join in with . surfing is something that i have always wanted to try . as you can see , i have absolutely no experience in it . will it be possible to join a surfing school ? for the second activity i have chosen photography . i enjoy taking pictures of landscapes . i have also attended a photography course . so my standard is not a beginner's anymore . 
moreover , could you please tell me what kind of clothes i should take with me ? what kind of money is used ? 
moreover , could you please tell me what kind of clothes i should take with me ? what kind of money is used ? 
i am looking forward to going on holidays . 
i am looking forward to going on holiday . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
mr oliver herre
mr oliver herre
brighton , 13th june 2000
brighton , 13th june 2000
dear kim , 
dear kim , 
excuse me that i didn't write you sooner . as you know , i was fairly busy with my studying for my first certificate . 
forgive me for not writing to you sooner . as you know , i was fairly busy with studying for my first certificate . 
the concert was absolute marvellous ! so many happy people in the crowds , that the atmosphere was infectious . anyway , what you wanted to know was what has been my job . actually my job was not really stressful , but i had contact and access to all the famous pop stars . i had to bring them refreshments . that has been my dream since my childhood . 
the concert was absolutely marvellous ! so many happy people in the crowds , that the atmosphere was infectious . anyway , what you wanted to know was what my job was . actually my job was not really stressful , but i had contact with and access to all the famous pop stars . i had to bring them refreshments . that has been my dream since my childhood . 
i was a little bit disappointed about their attitude . they didn't really appreciate my service . some of them were quite rude . apart from that , it was an amazing experience . whatever , if you ever will have the opportunity to do something like this then do it without hesitating . i liked to see their way of life . 
i was a little bit disappointed with their attitude . they didn't really appreciate the service . some of them were quite rude . apart from that , it was an amazing experience . if you ever have the opportunity to do something like this then do it without hesitating . i liked seeing their way of life . 
i hope you will write me very soon and i hope you know more about my concert experience in the backstage area . 
i hope you will write to me very soon and i hope to tell you more about my concert experience in the backstage area . 
lots of love , 
lots of love , 
dear mrs . ryan , 
dear mrs . ryan , 
thank you for your letter letting me know that i've won first prize in your competition . it came as a nice surprise . 
thank you for your letter letting me know that i've won first prize in your competition . it came as a nice surprise . 
i would like to let you know that i can only travel in july because that is the only time i can take leave from work . i would prefer to stay in the log cabins as i would be afraid of insects or any crawling animals if i have to stay in the tent . 
i would like to let you know that i can only travel in july because that is the only time i can take off from work . i would prefer to stay in the log cabins as i would be afraid of insects or any crawling animals if i had to stay in the tent . 
for activities choices , i would like to choose tennis and swimming . i used to play tennis at tournament level and now i play it for enjoyment instead . swimming is my best way of excercise and keeping fit . 
for activities , i would like to choose tennis and swimming . i used to play tennis at tournament level and now i play it for enjoyment instead . swimming is my favourite way of exercise exercising and keeping fit . 
i've a few questions to ask . since all accommodation and travel costs are paid for , are there any other expenses that i have to pay ? how much money i should have with me in order to cover all other expenses ? furthermore , what type of clothes i should bring ? 
i've a few questions to ask . since all accommodation and travel costs are paid for , are there any other expenses that i have to meet ? how much money should i have with me in order to cover all other expenses ? furthermore , what type of clothes should i bring ? 
i would be grateful if you could let me know the above information as soon as possible . thank you once again for giving me good news ! 
i would be grateful if you could let me have the above information as soon as possible . thank you once again for giving me this good news ! 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
i find shopping is the most time consuming . if i want to buy a nice pair of shoe , i'll have to go into a city centre and browse around from shops to shops until i find the shoes i like . if i'm not lucky enough to find one , then i'll have to take a train trip to a larger shopping places such as london . 
i find shopping is very time consuming . if i want to buy a nice pair of shoes , i have to go into a city centre and browse around from shop to shop until i find the shoes i like . if i'm not lucky enough to find them , then i have to take a train to a larger shopping place such as london . 
whilst in london ; i'll be facing crowds and people will be rushing everywhere . to walk around london streets looking for a pair of shoe can definitely be a tiring task . as i'm a compulsive buyer , i'd probably ended up buying other things as well . 
whilst in london , i'll be facing crowds and people will be rushing everywhere . to walk around london streets looking for a pair of shoes can definitely be a tiring task . as i'm a compulsive buyer , i'd probably end up buying other things as well . 
at the end of the day , i would not only be carrying pile of shopping bags but also trying to squeeze in between other passengers on the train on my way home . 
at the end of the day , i would not only be carrying a pile of shopping bags but also trying to squeeze in between other passengers on the train on my way home . 
by the time i get home , i would be completely exhausted . as you can see , shopping is not always enjoyable . 
by the time i got home , i would be completely exhausted . as you can see , shopping is not always enjoyable . 
dear helen , 
dear helen , 
i have just received the letter from you . i would like to thanks for chossing me . 
i have just received the letter from you . i would like to thank you for choosing me . 
on the letter is asking when i would like to go ? the most suitable month is july . because my pen friend is going to visit me on june . also i prefer the camp california because i have just finish my military service and i got use to live in the campus . 
in the letter you ask when i would like to go . the most suitable month is july , because my pen friend is going to visit me in june . also i prefer the camp california because i have just finished my military service and i got used to stay staying on the camp . 
their is two activities . i am good in basketball and tenis . i was playing basketball in the university . during the university i atend for two years tenis lessons . finaly i would like to ask you . if i need to get money and clothes with me . 
there are two activities . i am good at basketball and tennis . i played basketball at university . at university i attend attended for two years tennis lessons tennis lessons for two years . finally i would like to ask you if i need to bring money and clothes with me . 
i look forward to hear from you ! 
i look forward to hearing from you ! 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
dear kim , 
dear kim , 
last month i had a great time in derby . i went with big brothers the name of the band . 
last month i had a great time in derby . i went with big brothers , which is the name of the band . 
as i told you two month ago i saw the advertisment in the newspepper . this group was looking for manager . i went for interview and i got the job . they did not new each one . they just meet each one a month ago . 
as i told you two months ago , i saw the advertisement in the newspaper . this group was looking for a manager . i went for the interview and i got the job . they did not knew know each other . they just met each other a month ago . 
during the time before the consert i had to look if every one was present . also i had to look for dried place in case it was raining . i really liked . i had to run all the times . this was my job and i like what i am doing . the consert was briliant . 
just before the concert i had to check that everyone was present . also i had to look for a dry place in case it was raining . i really liked that . i had to run all the time . this was my job and i liked what i was doing . the concert was brilliant . 
i am looking to hear the new from yours group . i hope all the best for you ! 
i am looking forward to hearing the news about your group . i wish you all the best ! 
with love
with love
dear mrs helen ryan , 
dear mrs helen ryan , 
i received your letter congratulating me on having won the first prize in your competition . i am extremely excited about the opportunity to go to your camp in the usa . 
i received your letter congratulating me on having won the first prize in your competition . i am extremely excited about the opportunity to go to your camp in the usa . 
firstly , i have to say that i am studying at university and i wonder if i could travel on july because of the exams i have on may . apart from that i would not be able to travel there until the end of june . 
firstly , i have to say that i am studying at university and i wonder if i could travel in july because of the exams i have in may . also i would not be able to travel there until the end of june . 
it does not matter to me whether i stay in tent or log cabin , but i would prefer tent to be much more in contact with wild life and nature . 
it does not matter to me whether i stay in a tent or a log cabin , but i would prefer a tent so as to be in closer contact with the wildlife and nature . 
the activities i'd like to do most are playing basketball and climbing . the first one because i have been played basketball since the age of twelve and the second one because there are not many places where to go climbing in my city . 
the activities i'd like to do most are playing basketball and climbing . the first one because i have been playing basketball since the age of twelve and the second one because there are not many places to go climbing in my city . 
finally , i would ask you if i have to take my own clothes with me or you will provide me with some , and the amount of money needed . 
finally , i would like to ask you if i have to take my own clothes with me or if you will provide me with some , and about the amount of money needed . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you soon . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you soon . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
dear kim , 
dear kim , 
i received your letter last week in which you told me that you want to hear about my experience at the pop concert . 
i received your letter last week in which you told me that you want to hear about my experience at the pop concert . 
it was terrible ! we have a lot of problems from the beggining . the first one was the security . people in charge of security didn't arrive when they were supposed to . if it weren't a calm and quite public , we would have had troubles . another problem was the band . they didn't want to play until the room were crowded . so that concert started an hour and a half latter . 
it was terrible ! we had a lot of problems from the beginning . the first one was the security . the people in charge of security didn't arrive when they were supposed to . if it hadn't been a calm and quiet crowd , we would have had trouble . another problem was the band . they didn't want to play until the venue was crowded . so the concert started an hour and a half later late . 
everything was all right during the perform of the band , but at the end some espectators came up to the stage and made some damage to the band's instrument . the singer and the guitarist were so angry that they went out immediately leaving the public without the last part of the show . 
everything was all right during the performance of the band band's performance , but at the end some spectators came up on the stage and did some damage to the band's instruments . the singer and the guitarist were so angry that they left immediately , leaving the public without the last part of the show . 
as you can see , hardly anything went well , but the lights and the sound - both in wich i helped carrying things - were appropriate for the concert . althought all these things , i gained a lot of experience and i could be near one of my favourite pop stars , which was the better experience i've ever had . 
as you can see , hardly anything went well , but the lights and the sound - for both of which i helped carry things - were appropriate for the concert . although despite all these things , i gained a lot of experience and i could be near one of my favourite pop stars , which was the best experience i've ever had . 
looking forward to hearing from you soon . 
looking forward to hearing from you soon . 
love , 
love , 
dear helen ryan 
dear helen ryan , 
thank you for your letter . i'm pleased to that i've won the first prize at camp california in the u . s . a during two weeks . 
thank you for your letter . i'm pleased that i've won the first prize : at camp california in the u . s . a two weeks two weeks at camp california in the u . s . a . 
first of all , 
first of all , 
i would like travel on july because i am going to finish the college at the end of june and i will work the first of august . 
i would like to travel in july because i am going to finish college at the end of june and i will work from the first of august . 
second of all , 
secondly , 
about the accomodation , i would prefer a log cabin , i think that will be more safety about all my stuff . 
regarding the accommodation , i would prefer a log cabin . i think that will be safer for all my things . 
i'm very keen to have the chance to do some activities , i'm very attracted by the golf . i will be a beginner because i've never done this sport before but i will have a try . also , i choose surfing , i love this sport . i've been practicing this sport since 5 years , so i'm quiet good . 
i'm very keen to have the chance to take part in some activities . i'm very interested in the golf . i will be a beginner because i've never done this sport before but i will have a try . also , i choose surfing . i love this sport . i've been practising doing this sport for 5 years , so i'm quite good . 
finally i would like to know if i need a lot of money about this excursion and if we are going to visit some building . i've know idea what kind of weather it is in usa could you let me know what type of clothes should i bring with me . 
finally i would like to know if i need a lot of money for this trip and if we are going to visit some buildings . i've no idea what the weather is like in the usa . could you let me know what type of clothes i should bring with me ? 
yours sincerly 
yours sincerely sincerely , 
dear kim , 
dear kim , 
thank you for your last letter , i'm really envy you holiday under the sun . 
thank you for your last letter . i really envy you your holiday in the sun . 
last month was amazing for me , i was helping at a pop concert . all right , i wasn't able to do all the stuff like the lights the stereo , the sound but i've been helping to built the stage and the installation of micros . the stage was gigantesque the crowed could be all around . 
last month was amazing for me . i was helping at a pop concert . all right , i wasn't able to do all the stuff like the lights , the stereo , the sound but i helped to build the stage and the installation of micros . the stage was gigantic . the crowd could be all around . 
i really enjoyed to be next to the pop stars i got a lot of autographes , that was the first time i've seen like jagger a lot of well know pop stars was there . 
i really enjoyed being next to the pop stars . i got a lot of autographs . that was the first time i've seen someone like jagger . a lot of well known well-known pop stars were there . 
i mean it's still inbelivable , can you imagine that was like a dream i was checking their hands . 
i mean , it's still unbelievable . can you imagine how like a dream it was to be shaking their hands . 
i keep a very good souvenir about this experience . i think i will go back the next year . 
i have very good memory memories of this experience . i think i will go back next year . 
do you want join me ? 
do you want to join me ? 
i look forward to hearing from you as soon as possible
i look forward to hearing from you as soon as possible
love
love
dear mrs ryan , 
dear mrs ryan , 
i'm writing to give you the information you requested in your letter dated march , 31st , in which you informed me that i have won first prize in your competition . 
i'm writing to give you the information you requested in your letter dated march 31st , in which you informed me that i have won first prize in your competition . 
i can only travel in july , because the hospital i work for has accepted my holidays on that month . i don't mind if i travel during the first fortnight or during the second one , although i would prefer travelling during the second fortnight , if it is possible . 
i can only travel in july , because the hospital i work for has allowed me to take my holidays in that month . i don't mind if i travel during the first fortnight or during the second one , although i would prefer travelling during the second fortnight , if it is possible . 
regarding the accommodation , i would prefer staying in log cabins . i have never liked staying in tents because i think they are uncomfortable , especially if the stay is going to last more than two or three days . 
regarding the accommodation , i would prefer staying in a log cabin . i have never liked staying in tents because i think they are uncomfortable , especially if the stay is going to last more than two or three days . 
it's difficult for me to chose two activities from your list , but i think i would like to play basketball . i have never been good at team sports , but i really like basketball and i think it can be very interesting to meet other people by means of this team sport . i like swimming too , because i think it is one of the best sports to keep you fit and healthy . 
it's difficult for me to choose two activities from your list , but i think i would like to play basketball . i have never been good at team sports , but i really like basketball and i think it can be very interesting to meet other people by means of this team sport . i like swimming too , because i think it is one of the best sports to keep you fit and healthy . 
i would be very grateful if you could give me some aditional information . what type of clothes must i take ? is it necessary to take dressed cloth for any formal events ? must i take cash money or can i use the credit cards ? thank you in advance for your help . 
i would be very grateful if you could give me some additional information . what type of clothes must i take ? is it necessary to take formal dress for any formal events ? must i take cash or can i use credit cards ? thank you in advance for your help . 
i'm looking forward to hearing from you soon . 
i'm looking forward to hearing from you soon . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
dear kim , 
dear kim , 
thanks for your last letter . i can understand why you are impatient to hear about my experience at the concert last month . i have met our favourite singer , celine dion ! she is wonderful . but , first of all , let me explain to you what i did during the concert . 
thanks for your last letter . i can understand why you are impatient to hear about my experience at the concert last month . i have met our favourite singer , celine dion ! she is wonderful . but , first of all , let me explain to you what i did during the concert . 
we arrived at the stadium the previous evening . the team of volunteers was a great one , and all of us were willing to help in anything they needed . firstly , we were asked to clear the stadium , especially the seats and surroundings . when we finished clearing , some of us offered our help to enter the sound equipment into the stadium . they said that it wasn't necessary and we sat down on the grass and observed how the scenary was being prepared for the concert . 
we arrived at the stadium the evening before . the team of volunteers was a great one , and all of us were willing to help with anything they needed done . firstly , we were asked to clean the stadium , especially the seats and surroundings . when we finished cleaning , some of us offered to help to bring the sound equipment into the stadium . they said that it wasn't necessary and we sat down on the grass and observed how the scenery stage was being prepared for the concert . 
and then , when all was prepared , celine appeared in the scenary to make some sound tests . i was astonished . it was incredible ! i was so near her ! when she finished the tests , i went to meet her , i told her i was very happy for staying there and having helped at the concert , and i asked her an authograph . she gave it to me with a great smile and gave permission to take a photograph of both of us . and she dedicated the photograph to me ! 
and then , when everything was ready , celine appeared on the scenery stage to do a sound check . i was astonished . it was incredible ! i was so near her ! when she finished the sound check , i went to meet her . i told her i was very happy to stay to be there and to have helped at the concert , and i asked her for an autograph . she gave it to me with a great smile and gave permission to take a photograph of both of us . and she dedicated the photograph to me ! 
i still believe it has only been a dream ! i am willing to show you the authograph and the photograph . 
i still believe it has only been a dream ! i am willing to show you the autograph and the photograph . 
please , make sure you can come next weekend . we will be able to talk bout the concert and we will listen together to the last celine dion's c . d . 
please , make sure you can come next weekend . we will be able to talk about the concert and we will listen together to celine dion's last cd . 
let me know if you are going to come so that i prepare the bedroom to put you up . 
let me know if you are going to come so that i can prepare the bedroom to put you up in . 
please , come ! 
please , come ! 
best wishes , 
best wishes , 
dear ms , ryan , 
dear ms , ryan , 
thank you for your letter to inform me for the prise i had won . 
thank you for your letter informing me about the prize i had won . 
i would like to answer to you question , please notice that i can travel only in july because only then i can take holidays from my work , after the busy time of month may and june . 
i would like to answer your questions . please note that i can travel only in july because only then can i take holidays from my work , after the busy time in the months of may and june . 
i prefer to staying in cabin because never before i when on holidays in tent . , so i think is more corfotabel to sleep in bet instand of outside in tent . 
i prefer to stay in a cabin because never before i went have been on holiday in a tent i have never been on holiday in a tent before , so i think it is more comfortable to sleep in a bed instead of outside in a tent . 
the activities i would like to do durring these two week it's basketball and swimming . 
the activities i would like to do during these two weeks is are basketball and swimming . 
basketball i think i can playing well , because few years ago i was mamber of the scool team . swimming it's not my favorite sport but i prefer swimming than golf or tennis . please could you informy what do you meen when do you said all the accommodotion are paid for , that is including foods and drinks , so i know how mutch money i have to take with me , and what kind of wather it's during this period of the year so i know what kind of clothes i have to take . 
basketball i think i can play i think i can play basketball well , because a few years ago i was a member of the school team . swimming is not my favourite sport but i prefer swimming to golf or tennis . please could you inform me what you mean when you say all the accommodation is paid for : is that including food and drinks , so that i know how much money i have to bring with me , and what kind of weather it is during this period of the year so that i know what kind of clothes i have to take . 
i look forward for this competition . 
i am looking forward to this holiday . 
best regards 
best regards 
dear kim , 
dear kim , 
i would like to inform you about my experience of the last pop concert . it was very nice for me to help because i have seen so many people and i have goten a lot of experience of things that i never had done before . 
i would like to tell you about my experience at the last pop concert . it was very nice for me to help because i saw so many people and i have gotten got got a lot of experience of things that i had never done before . 
i was the assistent of the responsible person for the clothes and make-up of the pop-group , realy i was very nervous about that because was the first time with so famous people , but i am very happy that all the things went very well kim what realy particularly liked was when i was asked to do the make-up on my on realy i was very nervous but at same moment very happy , but every thing when well and everyboby was very hapy with my work . 
i was the assistant of the person responsible for the clothes and make-up of the pop group , really . really i was very nervous about that because it was my first time with such famous people , but i am very happy that all the things went very well . kim , what i really particularly liked was when i was asked to do the make-up on my own really . really i was very nervous but at the same time very happy , but everything went well and everybody was very happy with my work . 
realy i think you have to tray to do the same things the next summer , i realy had enjoyed . 
really i think you have to try to do the same thing next summer , i really enjoyed it . 
best regards 
best regards 
dear mrs ryan , 
dear mrs ryan , 
i am writting to thank you for your letter confirming the first prize that i won in your competition . i would like also with the present to give you some information about me in order to arrange the details for the trip . 
i am writing to thank you for your letter confirming that i won the first prize in your competition . i would also like to give you some information about me in order to arrange the details for the trip . 
first of all , i would like to inform you that i will be able to travel only during july because in june i am going to give examinations for the first certificate in english . furthermore , in august i will be preparing for my course at the university which i am starting next september . 
first of all , i would like to inform you that i will be able to travel only during july because in june i am going to sit examinations for the first certificate in english . furthermore , in august i will be preparing for my course at the university where i am starting next september . 
secondly , i would be grateful if you could arrange for me accomodation in log cabins as i am not used on living in the countryside and especially in tents . 
secondly , i would be grateful if you could arrange for me accommodation accommodation for me in log cabins as i am not used to staying in the countryside and especially not in tents . 
in addition , i would like to inform you that i prefer to do surfing and sailing while i will be at the camp , as i am an active member of sailing and surfing club of manchester and it will be a great chance for me to practise my techniques and skills . 
in addition , i would like to inform you that i would prefer to do surfing and sailing while i am at the camp , as i am an active member of the sailing and surfing club of manchester and it will be a great chance for me to practise my techniques and skills . 
i would be also grateful if you could send me information about the average living cost at california as i have to arrange the amount of money that i am going to spend , and some advice about the clothes that i need . i would like also to specify if the food is including in the prize . 
i would also be grateful if you could send me information about the average cost of living in california , as i have to work out the amount of money that i am going to spend , and some advice about the clothes that i need . i would also like you to specify if the food is included in the prize . 
please let me know if you need more information . 
please let me know if you need more information . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
as requested , i visited some classes during the lesson and some other rooms while activities were taking place . 
as requested , i visited some classes during lessons and some other rooms while activities were taking place . 
the aim of this report is make a series of suggestions on which lessons and other activities should be filmed . 
the aim of this report is to make a series of suggestions on which lessons and other activities should be filmed . 
it's seems to me that it will be an extremely good advertisement for our school if you take plans from the lesson of chemistry in the laboratory , because our laboratory is new , recognised as one of the best in the area as it has a huge amount of instruments and really some very good professors , and also many experiments are taking place in this laboratory 
it seems to me that it will be an extremely good advertisement for our school if you take plans from the chemistry lesson in the laboratory , because our laboratory is new , recognised as one of the best in the area as it has a huge amount of equipment and really some very good teachers , and also many experiments are taking place in this laboratory . 
furthermore , i think it will be a good idea to take plans from a match of our school team in the football field as it is completely new and full equiped . 
furthermore , i think it will be a good idea to take plans from a match of our school team on the football pitch as it is completely new and fully equipped . 
in addition , i think you have to take also plans from the school's nursery as there are a lot of facilities for the children , and the parents can recognise that the teachers are very good . 
in addition , i think you also have to take plans from the school's nursery as there are a lot of facilities for the children , and the parents can see that the teachers are very good . 
i think also that will be a good idea to take some general plans of the school area as there is a huge background . 
i also think that it will be a good idea to take some general plans of the school area as there is a huge background . 
in conclusion , i have to declare that my myself and my fellow students will be available to help to this short video by all means . 
in conclusion , i have to declare that i and my fellow students will be available to help with this short video by all means . 
dear mrs helen , 
dear mrs helen , 
it is great to hearing from you . i cannot believe i'm the winner of your competition . 
it was great to hear from you . i cannot believe i'm the winner of your competition . 
i'm really very happy . 
i'm really very happy . 
as far as some further information you need from me is concerned , i am very glad to give you all the details of the matter . 
as far as the further information you need from me is concerned , i am very glad to give you all the relevant details . 
i would like to travel on july; that is for me the only possibility because i will finish my course a university at the end of june and i will start to work in september . 
i would like to travel in july; that is for me the only possibility because i will finish my course at university at the end of june and i will start to work in september . 
as far as accomodtion is concerned , i would like to live in tents at camp california . i prefer this type of accomodation because i am used to living in tents during my summer holidays . 
as far as accommodation is concerned , i would like to live in a tent at camp california . i prefer this type of accommodation because i am used to living in tents during my summer holidays . 
as i am an athletic swimmer and a good surfer too , my choice from your attached list is naturally swimming and surfing . 
as i am an athletic swimmer and a good surfer too , my choice from your attached list is naturally swimming and surfing . 
i like to travel with light logguage and i have no idea about the weather; could you suggest me what kind of clothes i have to bring with me ? 
i like to travel with light luggage travel light and i have no idea about the weather; could you suggest what kind of clothes i should bring with me ? 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely 
yours sincerely 
hi kim ! 
hi kim ! 
it's great to hearing from you ! 
it's great to hear from you ! 
the last month concert ! the singer was fabulous and the musicians played fantastic songs . 
the concert last month ! the singer was fabulous and the musicians played fantastic songs . 
i was employed in the security service . i did it for free because it was a non-profit concert for helping the poor people . it was the first time for me and i consider this experience the best of my life . 
i was employed in security . i did it for free because it was a non-profit concert to help the poor people . it was the first time for me and i consider this experience the best of my life . 
i had to look after people near the stage . the organiser gave me a radio and i had to advise the other staff members in case of disorder . at the same time i could enjoy the music ! i think this is what i particularly liked about this experience . 
i had to look after people near the stage . the organiser gave me a radio and i had to advise the other staff members in case of any disorder . at the same time i could enjoy the music ! i think this is what i particularly liked about this experience . 
i suggest you to try this kind of experience . you should be pride of you helping people who suffers , and at the same time you may enjoy yourself ! 
i suggest you try this kind of experience . you should be proud of yourself , helping people who suffer , and at the same time you can enjoy yourself ! 
i am looking forward to seeing you ! 
i am looking forward to seeing you ! 
love
love
dear madam , 
dear madam , 
first , i would like to thank you for offering me this wonderful prize . for a long time i wish i came to camp california , and now my dream is about to become true . 
first , i would like to thank you for offering me this wonderful prize . for a long time i want have wanted went to go to camp california , and now my dream is about to come true . 
there is no much time left in my timetable in august since i will have to work then , so i would rather come in july . concerning the accomodation , i would prefer to sleep in a log cabin , because to sleep in a tent would remind me of the bad experience i had in ireland because of the weather . . . 
there is no more time left in my timetable in august since i will have to work then , so i would rather come in july . concerning the accommodation , i would prefer to sleep in a log cabin , because to sleep in a tent would remind me of the bad experience i had in ireland because of the weather . . . 
since this stay at camp california is a good occasion to discover new activities , i would like to sail and climb , but i am a beginner in both activities . 
since this stay at camp california is a good opportunity to try out new activities , i would like to sail and climb , but i am a beginner at both activities . 
then , i would like to know what kind of clothes i will need there , and if i have to bring a lot of money . i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
then , i would like to know what kind of clothes i will need there , and if i have to bring a lot of money . i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours faithfully , 
yours faithfully , 
richard amelin
richard amelin
dear kim , 
dear kim , 
i apologize for not having written this letter sooner , but as you probably now , i was actually really busy because of the pop concert . what a great experience that was ! i will remember it for a long time because of two reasons . 
i apologize for not having written this letter sooner , but as you probably know , i was actually really busy because of the pop concert . what a great experience that was ! i will remember it for a long time because of two reasons . 
the first one is that the band i have helped , although it hasn't met success yet , is really good . when they are on stage , during the repetitions , they are able to play a music that completely moves me . in a few months , when they are famous , i could say: " you know . i already know them , i have even helped them at one of their concert . " 
the first one is that the band i have helped , although it hasn't found success yet , is really good . when they are on stage , during the rehearsals , they are able to play a music that completely moves me . in a few months , when they are famous , i could say: " you know , i already know them . i have even helped them at one of their concerts . " 
moreover , the work i've had to do , apart from carrying material , was essentially to sell tickets for the concert , which has allowed me to meet a lot of nice people and to become friend with some of them . even though my entire body aches ( material was quite heavy ) and i am tired , i wouldn't call it a work ! i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
moreover , the work i had to do , apart from carrying equipment , was essentially to sell tickets for the concert , which allowed me to meet a lot of nice people and to become friends with some of them . even though my entire body aches ( the equipment was quite heavy ) and i am tired , i wouldn't call it work ! i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
richard amelin
richard amelin
dear mrs ryan
dear mrs ryan
i'm writing concerning your letter about my win in your competition for two weeks at camp california . i'm very happy to be the winner from your competition . 
i'm writing concerning your letter about my winning in your competition two weeks at camp california two weeks at camp california in your competition . i'm very happy to be the winner of your competition . 
because i'm working in an accountant office , i'm very busy . the only month i could go to holidays is july , when we haven't got a lot to do . 
because i'm working in an accountant's office , i'm very busy . the only month i could go on holiday is july , when we haven't got a lot to do . 
moreover , because of the accommodation , i would like to be in a tent , because i want to spend my holidays different than usually . and in my opinion , when you live in a tent , you have more from the nature and the adventure . 
moreover , concerning the accommodation , i would like to be in a tent , because i want to spend my holidays different than usually . and in my opinion , when you sleep in a tent , you have more from the nature and the adventure . 
i like a lot from your list for the sport possibilities , however i will choose swimming . i used to be a member in a swimming club for about 10 years . additionally i'm keen on taking pictures . but until now i only took pictures on holidays and some family celabrations . 
i like a lot on your list of sports possibilities . however , i will choose swimming . i was a member of a swimming club for about 10 years . additionally i'm keen on taking pictures . but so far i have only taken pictures on holiday and of some family celebrations . 
lastly , i would like to ask if i have to take a lot of money with me , for example for the food . and also if the weather will be good at this time . 
lastly , i would like to ask if i have to take a lot of money with me , for the food for example , and also if the weather will be good at this time of year . 
i'm looking forward to hearing from you soon . 
i'm looking forward to hearing from you soon . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
shopping is not always enjoyable . 
shopping is not always enjoyable . 
i would like to begin this composition by saying that , not for everyone is shopping the same . for some people it's great fun , but for some other it's a " must " . 
i would like to begin this composition by saying that shopping is not the same for everyone . for some people it's great fun , but for some others it's a " necessity " . 
in my opinion , shopping is like relaxing . i like to go very often , to look around and to buy some new clothes . as long as i am not searching for something specific . when i must buy something , i usually can't find it and then the shopping become a nightmare . 
in my opinion , shopping is like relaxing . i like to go very often , to look around and to buy some new clothes , as long as i am not searching for something specific . when i must buy something , i usually can't find it and then shopping becomes a nightmare . 
on the other hand , when you go with someone else shopping , and you both want to see and buy different things , it can also be boring and uninteresting . then it is perhaps better , when you make an appointment in one hour and everybody enjoys the shopping alone . 
on the other hand , when you go shopping with someone else , and you both want to see and buy different things , it can also be boring . then it is perhaps better when you make an appointment in one hour and everybody does their shopping alone . 
to sum up , i would like to say that for to have an exciting shopping , you have sometimes to plan it or just be in the right mood . 
to sum up , i would like to say that to have an exciting shopping trip , you sometimes have to plan it or just be in the right mood . 
dear mrs helen ryan , 
dear mrs ryan , 
i'm writting to you to answer the letter in which , as you probably know , you congratulated me for having won first prize in your competition and tried to encourage me to travel to california and attend that camp . 
i'm writing to you to answer the letter in which , as you probably know , you congratulated me for having won first prize in your competition and tried to encourage me to travel to california and attend that camp . 
i'm going to give you all the information you need from me . 
i'm going to give you all the information you need from me . 
i only can travel i july , because it is when i stop playing basketball to rest before starting the new season . i don't mind staying wherever you want me to . however , i prefer log cabins to tents . they're more comfortable . 
i can only travel in july , because that is when i stop playing basketball to rest before starting the new season . i don't mind staying wherever you want me to . however , i prefer log cabins to tents . they're more comfortable . 
according to the activities i would love to play basketball . i'm used to playing it , and i'm quite a good player . the other activities don't appeal me much , but i'm quite good at golf . i like surfing and playing tennis , such as sailing and climbing . please , don't make me sing or paint , because i'm not very keen on it . 
regarding the activities , i would love to play basketball . i'm used to playing it , and i'm quite a good player . the other activities don't appeal to me much , but i'm quite good at golf . i like surfing and playing tennis , and sports such as sailing and climbing . please , don't make me sing or paint , because i'm not very keen on it . 
there'are no more questions . 
there are there are no more questions . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
dear kim , 
dear kim , 
i'm writting to you to tell you how much i enjoyed last saturday . 
i'm writing to you to tell you how much i enjoyed last saturday . 
it was such a beautiful night ! unforgetable . 
it was such a beautiful night ! unforgettable . 
i had always dreamt of being near " the cranberies " , but i had never thought that the dream could became reallity . 
i had always dreamt of being near " the cranberies " , but i had never thought that the dream could become reality . 
during the afternoon , tim and me spent the hours before the concer laying on the park next to the sport hall where the concert was to be held . 
during the afternoon , tim and i spent the hours before the concert lying in the park next to the sports hall where the concert was to be held . 
at seven o'clock on the dot we went there for starting queueing . we bought the tickets and then we sit down to rest . 
at seven o'clock on the dot we went there to start queueing . we bought the tickets and then we sat down to rest . 
after a few minutes the dream happened: kare - the guitarrist - appeared over there . at first we both thought we were dreaming but when we realised it was true we went there and ask him some questions . and then we bring his guitar for him . it was great to help him . 
after a few minutes the dream happened: kare - the guitarist - appeared over there . at first we both thought we were dreaming but when we realised it was true we went there and asked him some questions . and then we brought carried his guitar for him . it was great to help him . 
finally he said how thankful he was and alowed us to stay with them till the concert started . 
finally he said how grateful he was and allowed us to stay with them till the concert started . 
that's all . 
that's all . 
i'm looking forward to hearing from you . 
i'm looking forward to hearing from you . 
aladdin
aladdin
dear mrs ryan
dear mrs ryan
i am writing in connection with the competition i entered a month ago . i received your letter , and i was delighted to know that i won it . as requested , below are some further information and some enquiries . 
i am writing in connection with the competition i entered a month ago . i received your letter , and i was delighted to know that i won it . as requested , below is some further information and some questions . 
i would be able to travel only after the end of my exams which are taking place in june . so , i think that july would suit me best . 
i would be able to travel only after the end of my exams which are taking place in june . so , i think that july would suit me best . 
as far as accomodation is concerned , i would prefer sleeping in a tents . i have been travelling every summer since i was eighteen years of age and this type of accomodation is part of the ritual . 
as far as accommodation is concerned , i would prefer to sleep in a tent . i have been travelling every summer since i was eighteen years of age and this type of accommodation is part of the ritual . 
i would enjoy a lot playing tennis because it is a sport i love and i am really good in it . in addition i would love to follow the photography classes eventhough i have never tried to take a picture before . 
i would enjoy very much very much enjoy playing tennis because it is a sport i love and i am really good at it . in addition i would love to attend the photography classes even though i have never tried to take a picture before . 
i hope i gave you all the information you needed . from my part , i would just like to know what sort of clothes should i bring with me and also how much money . 
i hope i have given you all the information you needed . from my point of view , i would just like to know what sort of clothes i should bring with me and also how much money . 
thanking you in advance , i am looking forward to your prompt respons to my enquiries 
thanking you in advance , i am looking forward to your prompt response to my questions . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
dear kim
dear kim
i got your letter yesterday and i was really glad to hear from you . . . it's been ages since you last wrote to me ! i've done so many thinks and between them i went to glastonbery ( as you know ) ! 
i got your letter yesterday and i was really glad to hear from you . . . it's been ages since you last wrote to me ! i've done so many things including i went to glastonbery ( as you know ) ! 
it lasted three days and i've had the best fun of my life . i went as a voluntier staff in order to go for free . i had to help the green peace teems to recycle everything we could . 
the festival lasted three days and i had the best fun of my life . i went as a volunteer in order to go for free . i had to help the green peace teams to recycle everything we could . 
we were more or less two hundred students doing the same job . our duty was to work eight ours each day and then we were free to enjoy the rest of the day as we liked . 
there were more or less two hundred students doing the same job . our duty was to work eight hours each day and then we were free to enjoy the rest of the day as we liked . 
the accomodation and the food were part of the contract . . . everything free . they provided us tents and also a vip pass in order to get food . 
the accommodation and the food were part of the contract . . . everything free . they provided us with tents and also a vip pass in order to get food . 
oh my god ! ! ! it has been the best experience you can imagine . i met lots of nice and cool people , and what i most enjoyed was the crazy atmospher of the hole thing . no matter how hard we had to work , everyone had always humor and a positive mood . 
oh my god ! ! ! it was the best experience you can imagine . i met lots of nice cool people , and what i most enjoyed was the crazy atmosphere of the whole thing . no matter how hard we had to work , everyone was always humour humorous funny and in a positive mood . 
so , i'll sign off now and i hope you'll write soon . 
so , i'll sign off now and i hope you'll write soon . 
lots of love
lots of love
irene
irene
dear sir/madam , 
dear sir/madam , 
i am very glad to hear that i have won the first prize from you . i appreciate all about this . 
i am very glad to hear from you that i have won the first prize . i appreciate all this . 
i am writing to you about my information which you need . firstly , i am afraid that i am just available to travel only in july because it is difficult to get my own holiday from my work a the moment . 
i am writing to you about my information which you need . firstly , i am afraid that i am available to travel only in july because it is difficult to get holiday from my work at the moment . 
i prefer staying in tents to log cabins because i have really been interested in making tents and staying there . 
i prefer staying in tents to log cabins because i have really been interested in making tents and staying in them . 
finally , if i have any chance to choose activities , i will choose basket ball and sailing with no doubt because i would love to make friends from these kinds of sports . both could be exciting for me . 
finally , if i have any chance to choose activities , i will choose basketball and sailing with no doubt because i would love to make friends through these kinds of sports . both could be exciting for me . 
i would like to know more about clothes and money . i have got not idea about them . i would be grateful if you could send me some information of them . 
i would like to know more about clothes and money . i have got no idea about them . i would be grateful if you could send me some information about them . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you in the near future . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you in the near future . 
yours faithfully , 
yours faithfully , 
kang off woo
kang off woo
dear kim , 
dear kim , 
i am happy to write a letter to you . what i really want to say is about my recent experience . 
i am happy to write a letter to you . what i really want to tell you is about my recent experience . 
last month , i helped at a pop concert by chance . i have just as a normal worker but i have met so many famous singers who i ever seen on tv . of course , i could listen to all their music which were so cool . after the concert i had got an opportunity to join them to the party . the best thing was that i have learned how to control their expensive instruments and i have sung my favorite songs with them . 
last month , i helped at a pop concert by chance . i have just worked as a normal worker but i have met so many famous singers who i always see on tv . of course , i could listen to all their music , which was so cool . after the concert i had an opportunity to join them at the party . the best thing was that i have learned how to take care of their expensive instruments and i have sung my favourite songs with them . 
especially , mike who is a member of metal potato told me i had got a talent to play the electric guitar . it is impossible to explain all my experience without this word , " brilliant ! ! ! " . 
in particular , mike , who is a member of metal potato told me i have got a talent for playing the electric guitar . it is impossible to explain all my experience without this word , " brilliant ! ! ! " . 
i would like to invite you to their next concert and share my experience with you . please let me know if you want to come as soon as possible . 
i would like to invite you to their next concert and share my experience with you . please let me know as soon as possible if you want to come . 
best wishes , 
best wishes , 
kang off woo
kang off woo
hello , 
dear sir or madam , 
firstly i would like to thank you for your prize . this travel enjoys me because i never go to usa . 
firstly i would like to thank you for my prize . this trip pleases me because i've never been to the usa . 
secondly i am going to answer your questions . i can travel only july because i study in an ingenior's school in france and in summer we have holidays since july . 
secondly i am going to answer your questions . i can travel only in july because i study at an engineer's school in france and in summer we have our holidays from july . 
i prefer to live in tents , where it is easier to make contacts with other people than in log cabins . when i travel i don't often sleep in hotel , i prefer tents and also i can meet people , who lives in the country . 
i prefer to stay in tents , where it is easier to meet other people than in log cabins . when i travel i don't often sleep in a hotel , i prefer tents and also i can meet people who live in the country . 
for the activities i would be very happy if i could play golf . that is a sport that i always want to practise but in france it is to expansive . so if i have this opportunity , i don't want to fail it . i would like to photograph too . there are so much monuments in california and so i will remember these holidays with my photographies . 
regarding the activities i would be very happy if i could play golf . this is a sport that i have always wanted to play but in france it is too expensive . so if i have this opportunity , i don't want to miss it . i would like to try photography too . there are so many monuments in california and so i will remember this holiday with my photographs . 
could you send me more informations about clothes to take with ? finally i would like to ask you , if i need some money because you say all accomodation and travel costs are paid for . 
could you send me more information about what clothes to take with me ? finally i would like to ask you if i need any money , because you say all accommodation and travel costs are paid for . 
thank you for your answer . 
thank you for your answer . 
charles dumaux
charles dumaux
hello kim , 
hello kim , 
last month , i enjoyed helping at a pop concert . it was marvellous ! ! ! 
last month , i enjoyed helping at a pop concert . it was marvellous ! ! ! 
i was in the backstage , so i could speak with the singer before the concert . during half an hour he explained me , how he feel in france . 
i was backstage , so i could speak with the singer before the concert . during half an hour he explained to me how he feels in france . 
i had to serve glasses of water to the group before and during the concert , so i had a lot of contact with them . they are very gentle . after the concert , i went to eat with them in a restaurant near the stadium , where they had played . 
i had to serve glasses of water to the group before and during the concert , so i had a lot of contact with them . they are very nice . after the concert , i went to eat with them in a restaurant near the stadium where they had played . 
what i particularly liked about this experience is that i saw that famous people are like us and have the same interest . 
what i particularly liked about this experience is that i saw that famous people are like us and have the same interests . 
i think that this experience is something that you have to live too . perhaps in the next concert we will go together . i will give you news about it . 
i think that this experience is something that you have to live too . perhaps at the next concert we will go together . i will keep you informed about it . 
i hope you will answer my letter and say me if you are interesting in my proposition . i send you with my letter a photo of the singer , what he give me . 
i hope you will answer my letter and tell me if you are interested in my proposition . i'm sending you with my letter a photo of the singer that he gave me . 
see you later . 
see you later . 
charles
charles
dear helen ryan , 
dear helen ryan , 
thank you very much for letter which i received last week . i was delighted to heard that i won the prize for two week at camp california in the u . s . a . 
thank you very much for your letter , which i received last week . i was delighted to hear that i won the prize of two weeks at camp california in the u . s . a . 
i would be able to travel in the first week of july 2000 , because my college will finished on 28 june 2000 . i needed 1 - week to prepare all i needed to take with me , it said that about accommodation i would prefer to stay in tents to log cabins . staying in tents more interesting than in log cabins and i always dream of sleeping in tents so my dream coming true ! 
i will be able to travel in the first week of july 2000 , because my college will finish on 28 june 2000 . i needed 1 week to prepare everything i need to take with me . it said that about accommodation i would prefer to stay in tents rather than log cabins . staying in tents is more interesting than in log cabins and i always dreamed of sleeping in tents so my dream is coming true ! 
i always interested in sport , so i am very happy to do sport activity particularly basketball and tennis . when i was at secondary school i used to play for a school team and i am very good at them . the last reason i love to watch basketball and my favourite team was chicago also my favourite player was michael jordan ! 
i am always interested in sport , so i am very happy to do sports activities , particularly basketball and tennis . when i was at secondary school i used to play for a school team and i am very good at them . the last reason is i love to watch basketball and my favourite team is chicago also my favourite player is michael jordan ! 
i would like to know more information about clothes and money . do i need to take a special clothes such as , warn clothes , jumper . finally , how much money to i need to take with me ? is there any cash machines nearest where we staying ? 
i would like to know more information about clothes and money . do i need to take any special clothes , such as warm clothes and jumpers . finally , how much money do i need to take with me ? are there any cash machines near where we are staying ? 
it would be very grateful for you to give me more details as soon as possible . 
i would be very grateful if you could give me more details as soon as possible . 
i looking forward to hearing from you . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
your sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
alak liyana
alak liyana
dear , kim , 
dear kim , 
how are you ? i haven't heard from you for such a long time . i hope everything is alright with you . sorry ! i haven't written to you since last two months , because i have been very busy to helped and organizing the pop concert which took place near my town . let me tell you more about what i have done last month . 
how are you ? i haven't heard from you for such a long time . i hope everything is alright with you . sorry ! i haven't written to you for the last two months , because i have been very busy helping and organizing the pop concert which took place near my town . let me tell you more about what i did last month . 
i have had a wonderful experienced with helping pop concert last month . my duty was helped them cooking for all of them during the concert , as you know i'm very good at cook and everybody loved my good i cooked ! secondly , i helped them to prepared the clothes and the custom during the concert , although i never experience about clothes and art before , but i enjoyed it very much . 
i had a wonderful experience helping with the pop concert last month . my duty was to help them cook for all of them during the concert . as you know i'm very good at cooking and everybody loved my good i cooked ! secondly , i helped them to prepare the clothes and the costume costumes during the concert . although i never work have never worked with clothes and art before , i enjoyed it very much . 
what i liked most about my experienced from the concert was a great atmosphere behind the state and live music made me felt great and happy , what's more , i have opportunity to meet a singer who i loved and i dream about . he also gave me his adress and telephone number if i need help from him in the future . i'll show you when you come around to see me . 
what i liked most about my experience at the concert was the great atmosphere behind the stage and the live music , which made me feel great and happy . what's more , i had an opportunity to meet a singer who i love and i dream about . he also gave me his address and telephone number if i need help from him in the future . i'll show you when you come around to see me . 
anyway , i'd better go now . i have some homework that needs to be done . write to me soon when you have time . give my regards to our parents . take care ! 
anyway , i'd better go now . i have some homework that needs to be done . write to me soon when you have time . give my regards to our parents . take care ! 
best wishes , 
best wishes , 
dear helen , 
dear helen , 
i was very glad to receive this great notice . i am very excited about it . i entered in this competition because i have always wanted to do these kind of things . 
i was very glad to receive this great news . i am very excited about it . i entered this competition because i have always wanted to do this kind of thing . 
in your letter you asked me when i would rather travel , i will be able only on july because i have to work and i can take some days off on this month . 
in your letter you asked me when i would prefer to travel . i will be able to travel only in july because i have to work and i can take some days off in that month . 
if it is no problem i would rather stay in a lab cabin because i do not like much sleeping on the floor , but if you can not put me there i will be fine anywhere . 
if it is not a problem i would rather stay in a log cabin because i do not like sleeping on the floor much , but if you cannot put me there i will be fine anywhere . 
about the i have to choose i would like to tell you something . i am very good at tennis and photography but i would prefer to practice new ones , if it is possible . i am keen on water and risk sports so i would choose climbing and surfing , i think it would be great if i learn them while i am there . 
about the activities i have to choose i would like to tell you something . i am very good at tennis and photography but i would prefer to practise do new ones , if it is possible . i am keen on water and danger sports so i would choose climbing and surfing . i think it would be great if i learnt them while i am there . 
finally , i would like to ask you if there is any place where i can buy some souvenirs , so to take some money with me and i would be very grateful if you could send me a list of clothes . 
finally , i would like to ask you if there is any place where i can buy some souvenirs , if there is i will take some money with me , and i would be very grateful if you could send me a list of clothes . 
thank you for everything . i am looking forward to travelling . 
thank you for everything . i am looking forward to travelling . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
every woman in the world likes the word shopping . it is like if they lose their concience while they are shopping . 
every woman in the world likes the word shopping . it is as if they lose their conscience while they are shopping . 
you can do shopping alone , with friends or with your kids , but the best thing of it is that you feel that you have all the power while you are buying things . may be it is not for you , may be it is a present , but buying things at least for me it is the best . 
you can go shopping alone , with friends or with your kids , but the best thing about it is that you feel that you have all the power while you are buying things . maybe it is not for you , maybe you are shopping for a present , but buying things , at least for me , is the best . 
but all this power and all this excitement could turn into something that you could start to hate . 
but all this power and all this excitement could turn into something that you could start to hate . 
when you go shopping and there are a lot of people in the same place , all trying to find the best prices and not carying about anybody , this could get crazy to anyone . 
when you go shopping and there are a lot of people in the same place , all trying to find the best prices and not caring about anybody , this could drive crazy to anyone drive anyone crazy . 
the long queues , close places , hight prices , sales , all these things conbined could make shopping an enjoyable thing for people who like doing it . 
the long queues , crowded places , high prices , sales , all these things combined could make shopping an enjoyable thing for people who like doing it . 
but my advise for people , who like it so much that can not help doing it , is to try shopping in the afternoon , at this hour no-one do shopping and if there are some shops that are closed you can always go to a shopping mall . 
but my advice for people who like it so much that they cannot help doing it is to try shopping in the afternoon . at this time no-one does goes shopping and if there are some shops that are closed you can always go to a shopping mall . 
dear helen ryan , 
dear helen ryan , 
i am so glad that i have won this competition - two weeks at camp california in the u . s . a . i would like to travel in the middle of july because my summer holiday starts in the middle of july . is it possible to travel in july ? and also i like to camp in a tent , because it will be more interesting than log cabins . you need to do everything by yourself . 
i am so glad that i have won this competition - two weeks at camp california in the u . s . a . i would like to travel in the middle of july because my summer holiday starts in the middle of july . is it possible to travel in july ? and also i like to camp in a tent , because it will be more interesting than log cabins . you need to do everything by yourself . 
taking a photography during the holiday is very good memory for me , and i can share my adventures to my friends . so while i am at the camp i like to take many photographies and climb a mountain . fresh-air , flowers and meeting some interesting people while you are climbing you have . by the way , i wonder if i need a lot of money and what kind of clothes i should bring . finally , thanks for giving this opportunity to me i look forward to hearing from you . 
taking photograph photographs during the holiday is a very good memory for me , and i can share my adventures with my friends . so while i am at the camp i want to take a lot of photography photographs and climb a mountain . fresh air , flowers and meeting some interesting people while you are climbing you have . by the way , i wonder if i need a lot of money and what kind of clothes i should bring . finally , thanks for giving me this opportunity . i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
13/06/00
13/06/00
shopping is not always enjoyable
shopping is not always enjoyable
shopping sounds very enjobleable and fantastic for women . you can find a lot of interesting things which you unexpected . some people enjoy window shopping , but some people enjoy spending their money on their clothes or shoes . nowadays in a family shopping isn't women's job . 
shopping sounds very enjoyable and is fantastic for women . you can find a lot of interesting things which were unexpected . some people enjoy window shopping , but some people enjoy spending their money on clothes or shoes . nowadays , in a family , shopping isn't a woman's job . 
in other hand , after shopping you'll get tired and maybe you can't afford your credit card . for instance , you want to buy everything which you saw , and after that , you don't know how much you have spent . if you are going shopping someone can easily steal your wallet which you are looking at some interesting things . it will be very awful . 
on the other hand , after shopping you'll get tired and maybe you can't afford your credit card . for instance , you wanted to buy everything which you saw , and after that , you don't know how much you have spent . if you are going shopping someone can easily steal your wallet when you are looking at some interesting things . it would be really awful . 
however , shopping has pros and cons , it depends on personal thinking . i enjoy shopping very much , it can let me know what's going on in the world . but it is a good idea to have a break during the shopping , you won't feel so tired . 
however , shopping has pros and cons . it depends on personal taste . i enjoy shopping very much . it can help me know what's going on in the world . but it is a good idea to have a break during the shopping trip , then you won't feel so tired . 
dear mr. ryan , 
dear mr. ryan , 
thank you very much for your letter with reference to the competition . here are the information you required . 
thank you very much for your letter concerning the competition . here is the information you require . 
firstly , i would like to travel in july , because it is the only month that i am free . 
firstly , i would like to travel in july , because it is the only month that i am free . 
secondly , i prefer cabins . the main reason is that i love wood . in addition , due to my height ( 185 cm ) , i think cabins may be a better choice . 
secondly , i prefer cabins . the main reason is that i love wood . in addition , due to my height ( 185 cm ) , i think cabins may be a better choice . 
thirdly , from the activity list , i chose swimming and tennis as my favourite ones . although i have played tennis only twice , i really enjoyed it . with contrast to this , i can swim when i was six . furthermore , i once have been trained in a swimming centre , so i am quite confident with it . 
thirdly , from the activity list , i chose swimming and tennis as my favourite ones . although i have played tennis only twice , i really enjoyed it . in contrast to this , i could swim when i was six . furthermore , i once trained in a swimming centre , so i am quite confident as a swimmer . 
lastly , could you please tell me what kind of clothes and how much money i should prepare and do i have to buy insurance myself ? 
lastly , could you please tell me what kind of clothes and how much money i should take and do i have to buy insurance myself ? 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
the aim of this report is to suggest lessons and some activities which should be filmed in the video from my school . 
the aim of this report is to suggest lessons and some activities which should be filmed in the video about my school . 
in my opinion , maths , politics , chinese , english and painting lessons are the most interesting ones . they are also the lessons which english and other foreigners are particularlly curious in . 
in my opinion , maths , politics , chinese , english and painting lessons are the most interesting ones . they are also the lessons which english people and other foreigners are particularly curious about . 
as far as i know , english people are really surprised about chinese students' advanced level in maths , as well as the knowledge in politics . this is a good oppertunate to see how they learn in class . as it is expected , painting lesson is an amazing one . you can find students use traditional chinese ink to draw and write . 
as far as i know , english people are really surprised at the chinese students' advanced level in maths , as well as their knowledge of politics . this is a good opportunity to see how they learn in class . as it is expected , painting lesson is an amazing one . you can find students using traditional chinese ink to draw and write . 
in spite of lessons , there are all kind of activities such as sports meeting , racing competition , and countryside activities . some are held once a year and some are held every term . you will experience a different life in them . 
as well as these lessons , there are all kinds of activities such as sports meetings , racing competitions , and countryside activities . some are held once a year and some are held every term . you will experience a different life in them . 
in conclusion , besides all mentioned , i highly recommond you video students' daily life and interview them . that will make it defenitely a successful video . 
in conclusion , besides all that i mentioned , i highly recommend you video the students' daily life and interview them . that will make it definitely definitely make it a successful video . 
13th june 2000
13th june 2000
dear miss helen ryan , 
dear miss helen ryan , 
i am really glad for reciving the first priec in your competition , i will be very plesant joining the holliday . 
i am really glad receiving to receive the first prize in your competition . it will be very pleasant joining the holiday . 
according to your first question , i would like to travel only at july because it is my school holliday so i would not miss any class . 
regarding your first question , i would like to travel only in july because it is my school holiday so i would not miss any classes . 
i rather prefer to stay in tents because i like to stay as closest as possible to nature , it makes me feel better . 
i rather prefer to stay in tents because i like to stay as close as possible to nature ; it makes me feel better . 
as a regard for activities i would choose singing and surfing , surfing because it is my favourit sport , i have been surfing since i was a child so i am pretty good on it , and singing because i really love it , i am not as good on singing as i am on surfing but i like doing it . 
as regards activities i would choose singing and surfing . surfing because it is my favourite sport . i have been surfing since i was a child so i am pretty good at it . and singing because i really love it . i am not as good at singing as i am at surfing but i like doing it . 
i would like to ask about somethings which might be necessary for me to take with , like what kind of clothes should i take , should i take my own surf board , and what about money , should i bring some with me ? 
i would like to ask about some things which might be necessary for me to take with me , like what kind of clothes should i take , should i take my own surfboard , and what about money , should i bring some with me ? 
i am looking forward to hear from you . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
13th june 2000
13th june 2000
dear kin , 
dear kin , 
as you know , i had a great experience last month giving a helping hand for the band called ramones . 
as you know , i had a great experience last month giving a helping hand to the band called ramones . 
it was a breeze to help them and was very cool as well , those guys really know how to play rock . 
it was a breeze to help them and was very cool as well ; those guys really know how to play rock . 
i had only to stay behind the drummer suppling them with water whenever they wanted . 
i only had to stay behind the drummer supplying them with water whenever they wanted . 
when the band had just started to play , lots of girls started to jump the faints getting very close to them , some of the girls started to take their clothes of , which was the best part for me , but some of securities went there and took them away . 
when the band had just started to play , lots of girls started to jump the fence getting very close to them . some of the girls started to take their clothes off , which was the best part for me , but some of the security went there and took them away . 
afterwards , the ramones had a short break and when they went back from their break they've just went of . 
afterwards , the ramones had a short break and when they came back from their break they just went off ! 
i had a really nice time with them even tought i would've prefered to stay at the front with the others people , but anyway it was a great experience for me , i holp to be able to help them next year . 
i had a really nice time with them even though i would've preferred to stay at the front with the other people , but anyway it was a great experience for me , i hope to be able to help them next year . 
i holp you've enjoed my experience , and i hope to hear from you soon . 
i hope you've enjoyed my experience , and i hope to hear from you soon . 
see yah mate
see yah mate
dear helen ryan , 
dear helen ryan , 
i received your letter and would be glad to travel two weeks at camp california in the u . s . a . but i will only be able to go in july for in june i will be in austria with a friend and in august i have rented an appartment with my family . 
i received your letter and would be glad to spend two weeks at camp california in the u . s . a . but i will only be able to go in july because in june i will be in austria with a friend and for august i have rented an apartment with my family . 
i would rather be accommodated in a tent because i already have the necessary material for camping . while i am at the camp i would like to play tennis and do photography . i play very well tennis since i have played it since i was a child but i am a novice in photography and i would like to try it as i have always been interested in it . 
i would rather be accommodated in a tent because i already have the necessary equipment for camping . while i am at the camp i would like to play tennis and do photography . i play tennis very well since i have played it since i was a child but i am a novice at photography and i would like to try it as i have always been interested in it . 
i would like to ask you a few questions:
i would like to ask you a few questions:
what kind of clothes should i bring ? 
what kind of clothes should i bring ? 
will you give clothes for activities ? 
will you provide clothes for the activities ? 
how much money should i bring there ? 
how much money should i bring there ? 
faithfully yours , 
faithfully yours , 
pascal fritz
pascal fritz
although many people enjoy shopping , shopping is not always enjoyable . you can fall on a very disagreable sellor and if you find what you wanted , you will not want to pay him or her for it . 
although many people enjoy shopping , shopping is not always enjoyable . you can come across a very disagreeable seller shop assistant and if you find what you wanted , you will not want to pay him or her for it . 
sometimes the seller might even ignore you as he or she is talking to another sellor . 
sometimes the assistant might even ignore you as he or she is talking to another seller assistant . 
for example , you walk into a shoe store . two sellers are talking and although they saw you enter , they continue their discussion so you have to interrupt them . then , one of them serves you but half listens to you because he or she is still talking to the other sellor . there is nothing more disagreable than that . 
for example , you walk into a shoe store . two assistants are talking and , although they saw you enter , they continue their discussion so you have to interrupt them . then , one of them serves you but half listens to you because he or she is still talking to the other seller assistant . there is nothing more disagreeable than that . 
also , when you find a nice sellor and he shows you lots of objects , when you don't find what you want , you feel sad for him or her because you made him or her lose his or her time so you feel obliged to buy something . all this to say that shopping may seem enjoyable but often is not . 
also , when you find a nice seller assistant and he shows you lots of objects , then you don't find what you want , you feel sad for him or her because you made him or her waste his or her time , so you feel obliged to buy something . all this is to say that shopping may seem enjoyable but often is not . 
to competition organiser
to competition organiser
helen ryan
helen ryan
thank you for choosing me in your competition for first prize . i feel very happy a i answer immidiatly to your letter . 
thank you for choosing me in your competition for first prize . i feel very happy and i must answer immediately to your letter answer your letter immediately . 
i would like to travel only in july , because i will have holiday that time . i'm always having holidays in july it is my favorite time for holidays . 
i would like to travel only in july , because i will have a holiday at that time . i'm always having holidays in july . it is my favourite time for holidays . 
for accommodation at camp california i prefer tents , because i use to go tents holidays , i like it . 
for accommodation at camp california i prefer tents , because i used to stay in tents when on holiday . i like it . 
from activities which you offer to me i choose swimming and tennis . i am very good in swimming . i do this sport since i was child and i really enjoy it . i'm not so good in tennis but i would like to play it for practise . also i find that it sport is very usefull for my health and does me feel better . it is all about me . 
from the activities which you offer me i choose swimming and tennis . i am very good at swimming . i have done this sport since i was a child and i really enjoy it . i'm not so good at tennis but i would like to play it to get some practice . also i find that this sport is very useful good for my health and makes me feel better . it is all about me . 
i would like to ask you something . 
i would like to ask you something . 
at first , which kind of clothes i need take with me , because i don't know anything about the weather in california , and at tend how much money i will need . 
first , what kind of clothes do i need to take with me , because i don't know anything about the weather in california , and at tend how much money will i need ? 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
shopping is not always enjoyable . 
shopping is not always enjoyable . 
some people likes to do shopping . i hate it . i never liked shopping . it always was trouble for me . 
some people like to go shopping . i hate it . i have never liked shopping . it has always been a problem for me . 
i don't like to have many things in my house , i don't like to have many clothes and shoes , and i don't know what else . just nesseccary . 
i don't like to have many things in my house . i don't like to have many clothes and shoes , and i don't know what else . just the necessary . 
i think the people who are enjoying shopping they are greede for materialistic things and they havn't interests for spirit ( ? ) , intelect life . they are loosing time of their life for nothing . in my opinion we must spend more time for more interesting than shopping things like sport , reading , chating about ideas which make our lives better . we must do something for help other people to feel better and usefull . 
i think the people who enjoy shopping are greedy for materialistic things and they haven't any interests in the spirit ( ? ) , in the intellect intellectual life . they are losing wasting time in their life for nothing . in my opinion we must spend more time on more interesting things than shopping , like sport , reading , chatting about ideas which make our lives better . we must do something to help other people to feel better and be useful . 
dear madam ryan , 
dear ms ryan , 
i am very happy to have won the first prize in your competition . it is a wonderful surprise . 
i am very happy to have won the first prize in your competition . it is a wonderful surprise . 
i can go to the camp california only in july , because i have school in june and i must work in my father's bookshop in august . 
i can go to camp california only in july , because i have school in june and i must work in my father's bookshop in august . 
at the camp i want to live in a log cabin . i do not like the tents; one can find insects in them and they are not as comfortable as log cabins . 
at the camp i want to stay in a log cabin . i do not like tents; one can find insects in them and they are not as comfortable as log cabins . 
for the two activities i can choose , i would like to play tennis: i have some experience in this sport , because i played tennis during seven years and it is still my favourite activity . i would try to do some painting , too , but i have never painted . 
for the two activities i can choose , i would like to play tennis: i have some experience of this sport , because i played tennis for seven years and it is still my favourite activity . i would try to do some painting , too , but i have never painted . 
i would like to know what sort of clothes i have to take ( if it is going to rainy or to be sunny ) and how much money i must have with me . could you tell me what sort of material i will have to bring to do the activities ? 
i would like to know what sort of clothes i have to take ( if it is going to be rainy or sunny ) and how much money i must have with me . could you tell me what sort of equipment i will have to bring to do the activities ? 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
odette douai luna
odette douai luna
dear kim , 
dear kim , 
do you know last week i have been to a pop concert to help my uncle , who is the director of the stadium of lugano . it was very interresting , because i did different things . i cooked a meal for the artists , i spoke with the manager of bruce springsteen and i helped a technician to install his material : the lights . 
do you know , last week i went to a pop concert to help my uncle , who is the director of the stadium of lugano . it was very interesting , because i did different things . i cooked a meal for the artists , i spoke with the bruce springsteen's manager and i helped a technician to install his equipment : the lights . 
the best part of the day was after the concert , when i met the group " u2 " . i was very excited , because this is my favourite group: i'm always hearing their songs . i took some photographies and i'll show them to you when you come next week
the best part of the day was after the concert , when i met the group " u2 " . i was very excited , because this is my favourite group: i'm always listening to their songs . i took some photographs and i'll show them to you when you come next week
i had a talk with santana , the best guitarist in the world , too . he's quite old , but very attractive . i would like playing guitar like him . 
i talked with santana , the best guitarist in the world , too . he's quite old , but very attractive . i would like to play guitar like him . 
what a great day it was . the next concert is on 19th june and i will be here . 
what a great day it was . the next concert is on 19th june and i will be there . 
see you soon . 
see you soon . 
yours
yours
odette
odette
dear sir or madam , 
dear sir or madam , 
i am delightful to receive your letter saying that i have won a two-week holiday in your recent competition and it will all paid in advance . i am writing this letter so as to give you the information which will help you organize all the necessary details of the forthcoming holiday . 
i am delighted to receive your letter saying that i have won a two-week holiday in your recent competition and it will all be paid for in advance . i am writing this letter so as to give you the information which will help you to organize all the necessary details of the forthcoming holiday . 
i would be grateful if you could arrange a date after the 20th of july , due to the problems beyond my control . otherwise i will not be able to travel abroad . 
i would be grateful if you could arrange a date after the 20th of july , due to problems beyond my control . otherwise i will not be able to travel abroad . 
i would rather stay in one of the log cabins as i am allergic to many plants and insects and i should avoid contacting them . 
i would rather stay in one of the log cabins as i am allergic to many plants and insects and i should avoid coming into contact with them . 
it is wonderful to hear that there is a good variety of activities available at the camp . as i am very interested in photography and swimming i am hoping to take part in them . i came second last year's swimming competition and i have enrolled photography classes . in the camp i can practise them alot . 
it is wonderful to hear that there is a good variety of activities available at the camp . as i am very interested in photography and swimming i am hoping to take part in those activities . i came second in last year's swimming competition and i have enrolled in photography classes . on the camp i can practise them a lot . 
i was wondering if i need to bring some extra money and thick clothes with me in case there is an emergency . could you please let me know as soon as you receive my letter . 
i was wondering if i need to bring some extra money and thick clothes with me in case there is an emergency . could you please let me know as soon as you receive my letter ? 
yours faithfully
yours faithfully
dear kim , 
dear kim , 
i am terribly sorry not to drop you a line since the last time we wrote to one another . but i finally got around writing and you'll see that it's definetly worth waiting as i have some great and unbeliavable news to tell you . 
i am terribly sorry not to drop you a line since the last time we wrote to one another . but i have finally got around to writing and you'll see that it's definitely it's definitely been worth waiting for as i have some great and unbelievable news to tell you . 
as you know i'm on half-term school holiday and have plenty of time to do much more different things apart from studying my a-level history , such as meeting up my friends , visiting interesting places or even going to the cinema on my own . 
as you know i'm on half-term school holiday and have plenty of time to do many more things apart from studying my a-level history , such as meeting up with my friends , visiting interesting places or even going to the cinema on my own . 
however this term has been a far cry from the others . you will see why i'm describing it as the most unforgettible one when you read through my letter . 
however , this term has been a far cry from the others . you will see why i'm describing it as the most unforgettable one when you read through my letter . 
couple of days ago i bumped into my best friend who is into music and we started to have a chat about what we had both been doing . she invited me to the rehearsal of a huge consert whose singer was a well-known pop star as well as my favorite . can you believe that i was introduced to him and i took numerous photographs some of which i put in the envelope . it was like a dream come true , and was the best part of the experience in my opinion . i helped out my friend by writing huge billboards and making some light refreshments . despite the fact that i felt exhausted i must admit that it was one of the days i will never forget througout my life
a couple of days ago i bumped into my best friend , who is into music , and we started to have a chat about what we had both been doing . she invited me to the rehearsal of a huge concert by a singer who is a well-known pop star as well as my favourite . can you believe that i was introduced to him and i took numerous photographs , some of which i put in the envelope . it was like a dream come true , and was the best part of the experience in my opinion . i helped out my friend by writing huge billboards and making some light refreshments . despite the fact that i felt exhausted i must admit that it was one of the days i will never forget throughout my whole life
write me soon . 
write to me soon . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
dear helene ryan , 
dear helene ryan , 
i have just received your letter and i am glad to know that i have won first prize in your competition . now , i am writing to you to ask some details about these two weeks at camp california and giving some answers to your questions . 
i have just received your letter and i am glad to know that i have won first prize in your competition . now , i am writing to you to ask for some details about these two weeks at camp california and to give you some answers to your questions . 
first of all , i would like to know if you have some vacancies in july because it is the only month where i am in holidays . about the accommodation , i would prefer staying in tents as i used to during summer holidays when i was a child . furthermore , you asked me to choise two activities i would like to do . firstly , i will be happy to play tennis because i used to play this sport with my village club for five years and earned a few competitions . secondly , i am very interesting in photography because my father is a photographer and we are used to spending time each other . we had a lot of fun during our last holidays and we took a lot of pictures . as the instructions about clothes and money were not enclosed in your letter , i request about it and ask you to include in it . 
first of all , i would like to know if you have some vacancies in july because it is the only month where i am on holiday . regarding the accommodation , i would prefer staying in a tent as i used to during summer holidays when i was a child . furthermore , you asked me to choose two activities i would like to do . firstly , i will be happy to play tennis because i used to do this sport with my village club for five years and won a few competitions . secondly , i am very interested in photography because my father is a photographer and we are used to spending time together . we had a lot of fun during our last holiday and we took a lot of pictures . as instructions about clothes and money were not included in your letter , i request about it and ask you to include in it . 
thank you very much , i look forward to hearing from you . 
thank you very much . i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
a lot of people like doing shopping but most of them might tell you that sometimes is not always enjoyable . and nowadays people must do shopping either they like it or not . 
a lot of people like shopping but most of them might tell you that sometimes it is not enjoyable . and nowadays people must go shopping whether they like it or not . 
for people who used to do shopping , going in big stores , i think they like it and they are always looking for fashioned-clothes . but when these stores are full of people , crowded , like the sales period , i am sure that the same people who like doing shopping may think it can be boring . 
for people who are used to shopping , going in big stores , i think they like it and it they are always looking for fashionable clothes . but when these stores are full of people , crowded , like during the sales , i am sure that the same people who like shopping may think it boring . 
in my opinion , i think people have to do shopping even though they don't appreciate it very much . if these people have a family with children , they must buy some food to feed them even if a supermarket is full of people . and now for them shopping can be considerated like a contrariety . 
in my opinion , people have to go shopping even though they don't like it very much . if these people have children , they must buy some food to feed them even if the supermarket is full of people . and now for them shopping can be considered like a contrariety . 
dear helen ryan , 
dear helen ryan , 
i am writing this letter to tell you the informations you need and to ask you one or two questions . 
i am writing this letter to tell you the information you need and to ask you one or two questions . 
i would like to come in july because i work in a big company where you have to take your holiday in this month . 
i would like to come in july because i work for a big company where you have to take your holiday in that month . 
for the accomodation at camp california , i will prefer to have a log cabin because i think it is more comfortable than a tent , and in case it has a big storm with a heavy rain it's more resistant than a tent . 
for the accommodation at camp california , i would prefer to have a log cabin because i think it is more comfortable than a tent , and in case there is a big storm with heavy rain . it's . a log cabin's more resistant than a tent . 
for the activities , i chose climbing because i took cours during 2 weeks last year and now i have a good level , for the other one i chose photography but i am not a proffesional , i just take some pictures in my holiday ! 
for the activities , i chose climbing because i took a course for 2 weeks last year and now i have a good level of proficiency . for the other one i chose photography but i am not a professional , i just take some pictures on my holiday ! 
i have a little question , could you tell me if and how money i need to take with me , and which kind of clothes ? 
i have a little question . could you tell me how much money i need to take with me , and what kind of clothes ? 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
dear kim , 
dear kim , 
i'm writing this letter to tell you my good experience at a pop concert , last month . 
i'm writing this letter to tell you about my good experience at a pop concert , last month . 
when i came , i was a bit afraid because i did not know what i had to do , but a very nice girl told me that my first job was looking for people whose felt bad and to guide them to the nursery . i did that two hours , this first job was sometimes a bit boring but i felt like someone who save people , so i was really happy ! 
when i arrived , i was a bit afraid because i did not know what i had to do , but a very nice girl told me that my first job was to look for people who felt bad and to guide them to the nurse . i did that for two hours . this first job was sometimes a bit boring but i felt like someone who saves people , so i was really happy ! 
my second was to take the money at the bars and to bring them in a little room where i could see the pop star walked in the corridor . i was very excited when i could see a star ! the next weekend i have an appointment with one them , but i don't tell you the name because you'll fell jalous ! maybe i will tell you on the next letter ! 
my second job was to take the money from the bars and to take it to a little room where i could see the pop stars walking in the corridor . i was very excited when i could see a star ! next weekend i have a date with one of them , but i won't tell you the name because you'll feel jealous ! maybe i will tell you in the next letter ! 
see you soon
see you soon
best wishes
best wishes
dear mrs . helen ryan , 
dear mrs . helen ryan , 
i'm writing about the competition you organised . i have just received a letter from you where you say i won the first prize in you competition . i'm very glad about that and i also want to ask you a few questions . 
i'm writing about the competition you organised . i have just received a letter from you where you say i won the first prize in you competition . i'm very glad about that and i also want to ask you a few questions . 
i can only travel to california this july because it will be my winter holidays . before and after this period is impossible for me: i have classes and i also have to work . 
i can only travel to california this july because then i will be on my winter holidays . before and after this period is impossible for me: i have classes and i also have to work . 
about the accommodation , i prefer to stay in tents . i have always dreamed about going camping and staying in a tent . now my dream will finally come true . i think this way is better to keep in touch with the nature . 
about the accommodation , i prefer to stay in tents . i have always dreamed about going camping and staying in a tent . now my dream will finally come true . i think this way is better to keep in touch with nature . 
i would like to do photografy and swimming . i love to take photos but i don't have techinique . i would like to learn more about it . i have always swam and i can say i'm good on it . 
i would like to do photography and swimming . i love to take photos but i don't have any technique . i would like to learn more about it . i have always swum and i can say i'm good at it . 
i would like to know what kind of clothes i will need to take , if it's cold out there and about the money . how much money do you think i have to take to buy food and anything else i will need ? do you have any idea about how much we spend per day ? 
i would like to know what kind of clothes i will need to take , if it's cold out there and about the money . how much money do you think i have to take to buy food and anything else i will need ? do you have any idea about how much we spend per day ? 
i'm looking forward from hearing from you , 
i'm looking forward to hearing from you , 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
raquel soares
raquel soares
shopping is not always enjoyable
shopping is not always enjoyable
we can hear many items people saying that when they are upset or stressed they like to go shopping . is a kind of relief for them . 
we can hear many people saying that when they are upset or stressed they like to go shopping . it is a kind of relief for them . 
of course it is good to buy things for ourselves , like clothes , jewelery , anything . specially if we don't have to worry about money . it's good to walk around looking all the news in the stores . 
of course it is good to buy things for ourselves , like clothes , jewellery , anything . especially if we don't have to worry about money . it's good to walk around looking at all the new things in the stores . 
but , sometimes , go shopping can have other effects on you . it can stress you . for example , when the place is crowded and noisy and you can't even move easily to look around . when you can't find what you are looking for anywhere . when you buy something you were looking for a long time and , when you arrive at home , you discover some deffect on it and have to go back to the store to complain . it is just terrible when the sellers don't treat us well sometimes we just give up and never come back to that store . and , a really bad thing is , after buying everything you wanted and feeling very happy with all that , you realize that you spent more money than you should . . . 
but , sometimes , going shopping can have other effects on you . it can stress you . for example , when the place is crowded and noisy and you can't even move easily to look around . when you can't find what you are looking for anywhere . when you buy something you were looking for a long time and , when you arrive at home , you discover some defect on it and have to go back to the store to complain . it is just terrible when the assistants don't treat us well . sometimes we just give up and never come back to that store . and , a really bad thing is , after buying everything you wanted and feeling very happy with all that , you realize that you spent more money than you should have . . . 
so , after all this , i suggest that before you decide to go shopping to feel better you should think of all the problems you may have while you are shopping or the big headache you can have after it . it would probably be better if you just go shopping when you really need and , to relax , you can talk to a friend , read a book or listen to good music . 
so , after all this , i suggest that before you decide to go shopping to feel better you should think of all the problems you may have while you are shopping or the big headache you can have after it . it would probably be better if you just went shopping when you really needed and , to relax , you can talk to a friend , read a book or listen to good music . 
remember: go shopping is not always the better choice . it can be very unpleasant sometimes . 
remember: going shopping is not always the best choice . it can be very unpleasant sometimes . 
satomi fukao
satomi fukao
12 dover street
12 dover street
as3 7gh , london
as3 7gh , london
13 , jun , 2000
13 , jun , 2000
mrs . helen ryan
mrs . helen ryan
competition organiser
competition organiser
dear madam
dear madam
i have received the letter which tells me that have won first prize in your competition . i am going to write about information which you want to know . 
i have received the letter which tells me that i have won first prize in your competition . i am going to write about the information which you want to know . 
first , i would like to travel in only july , because i have got a job and only july is the time i can have a vacation . 
first , i would like to travel in july only , because i have got a job and july is the only time i can have a vacation . 
secondly , i would like to choose a tent for accommodation , because i have never spent time in a tent , that's why , i think it is a good oppotunity for me . 
secondly , i would like to choose a tent for accommodation , because i have never spent time in a tent , that's why , i think it is a good opportunity for me . 
i would like to choose swimming and photography for activities . i have a planty of experience and knowledge of both aspect of part . 
i would like to choose swimming and photography as activities . i have plenty of experience and knowledge of both aspect of part . 
lastly , i would like to ask you two questions . one of them is that what kind of clothes suitable on this camp . another one is that how much money i have to prepare . 
lastly , i would like to ask you two questions . one of them is what kind of clothes are suitable on this camp . another one is how much money i have to bring . 
i will be greatfull if you could inform me . 
i would be grateful if you could inform me . 
your sincerely 
yours sincerely yours faithfully 
hi ! how are you doing ? i had a wonderful time last month . i helped a pop concert as a charity . my jobs were collecting a ticket , saling goods and refreshment , guiding people to a right seat and cleaning up the concert hole after finish a concert . i wasn't allowed to help a heavy work , even though i wanted to do , because i'm woman . what i particularly liked about the experience was the concert had achived by our supports . it seemed that all people , audience , the band and stuffs were delightful . if i have chance , i want to help a concert again . i have never felt such as satisfaction . i really recomend you to help them , i think this is a good oppotunity and i want you understand my feeling well . i've got lots of things about the concert to talk to you . i want to know your openion . 
hi ! how are you doing ? i had a wonderful time last month . i helped at a pop concert as a volunteer . my jobs were collecting tickets , selling goods and refreshments , guiding people to the right seat and cleaning up the concert hall after finished the concert the concert finished . i wasn't allowed to help do heavy work , even though i wanted to , because i'm a woman . what i particularly liked about the experience was the concert was achieved through our support . it seemed that all people , the audience , the band and the staff were delightful . if i have the chance , i want to help at a concert again . i have never felt such satisfaction . i really recommend you to help them , i think this is a good opportunity and i want you to understand my feeling well . i've got lots of things about the concert to talk to you about . i want to know your opinion . 
if you have time , drop me a line , please . 
if you have time , drop me a line , please . 
bye
bye
dear mr. ryan , 
dear mr. ryan , 
i am writing to thank you to send me all the details about my prize and i'd like to give you a complete information about the journey will be done by myself . 
i am writing to thank you for sending me all the details about my prize and i'd like to give you all the information about the journey will be done by myself . 
i would like to travel at the beginning of the month , could be between first and fifteeth of july , because afterwards i have several business meetings and it would be difficult for me to take a trip . 
i would like to travel at the beginning of the month , which could be between the first and the fifteenth of july , because afterwards i have several business meetings and it would be difficult for me to take a trip . 
related with accommodation , i'd prefer to stay in log cabins . although i like camping and sharing with different kind of people , i'd prefer a confortable and private place ( if it's possible ) where i can sleep , or be quiet . . i am not a teenager ! 
regarding accommodation , i'd prefer to stay in a log cabin . although i like camping and sharing with different kinds of people , i'd prefer a comfortable and private place ( if it's possible ) where i can sleep , or be quiet . . i am not a teenager ! 
really , this prize is wonderful to have a healthy life . i want to do two activities ; painting and tennis . the first one is for my mental health , i need a break in my style of life . the second one is just because i'm fanatic of that sports ( really i'm not martine hingis ) . 
really , this prize is wonderful to have a healthy life . i want to do two activities : painting and tennis . the first one is for my mental health . i need a break from my lifestyle . the second one is just because i'm a fan of that sport ( really i'm not martine hingis ) . 
eventually , i'd like to request to have special food , because and vegetarian person , besides i try to eat just organic food . 
eventually , i'd like to request some special food , because i'm a vegetarian , besides i try to eat just organic food . 
i hope my reply has been suitable . 
i hope my reply has been helpful . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
dear kim , 
dear kim , 
how are you doing ? it have been a long time since the last time i wrote you . . . i'm sorry . however the reason is absolutely amazing . i was training to be a personal assistance to madonna herself . maybe , you don't believe me , but it's true . 
how are you doing ? it has been a long time since the last time i wrote to you . . . i'm sorry . however , the reason is absolutely amazing . i was training to be a personal assistant to madonna herself . maybe you don't believe me , but it's true . 
i applied to the job and she selected me between hundreds of candidates ( i don't receive salary ) . my work is to help her during each concert . you know , she has a brilliant performance where she must change her customs , make up , scenery , everytime ; so she needs a lot of people near . 
i applied for the job and she selected me from hundreds of candidates ( i don't receive any salary ) . my job is to help her during each concert . you know she has a brilliant act where she must change her costumes , make-up , the scenery , every time ; so she needs a lot of people near . 
my first job was in the hillsborough's concert ( i think , you heard about it ) . i was running all the show , my responsability was to get dress her . i wasn't alone , i worked with a staff of ten people . we had to take of some clothes and then to put on others ones completly different , in just few minutes ( similar to formula one ) . 
my first job was at the hillsborough concert ( i think you heard about it ) . i was running the whole show . my responsibility was to dress her . i wasn't alone . i worked with a staff of ten people . we had to take some clothes off her and then to put on other ones completely different completely different ones in just a few minutes ( similar to formula one ) . 
i was exhausted when the concert finished , anyway it has been one of my best experience and i'll remember for life . 
i was exhausted when the concert finished . anyway it has been one of my best experiences and i'll remember it for ever . 
finally , i send you all my positive energy and i am looking forward to receiving your letter back . 
finally , i send you all my positive energy and i am looking forward to receiving your reply . 
all the best . 
all the best . 
13 . 06 . 2000
13 . 06 . 2000
dear mrs ryan
dear mrs ryan
thank you very much for your letter . you would like to have some further information from me . i am writing to answer your letter . 
thank you very much for your letter . you would like to have some further information from me . i am writing to answer your letter . 
i would like to travel only in july because i have been working in a bank and i can only go on a holiday in july . 
i would like to travel only in july because i am working in a bank and i can only go on holiday in july . 
i would prefer to stay in a tent because i used to go camping and stay in the tent . therefore i would like to try some kind of experience . 
i would prefer to stay in a tent because i used to go camping and stay in a tent . therefore i would like to try some kind of experience . 
i am interested in tennis but i am not so good tennis player . however i would like to attend tennis activity . in addition swimming would be good activity for me . while i was studying at the high school and the university , i was in the swimming team of the school . 
i am interested in tennis but i am not so good a tennis player . however , i would like to attend tennis activity . in addition swimming would be a good activity for me . while i was studying at the high school and the university , i was in the swimming team . 
i would like to ask you about clothes and the money . could you tell me what kind of clothes i should bring ? when i go there , can i use credit card or should i have cash ? 
i would like to ask you about clothes and money . could you tell me what kind of clothes i should bring ? when i go there , can i use a credit card or should i have cash ? 
i look forward to your answer . 
i look forward to your answer . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
i think all people like shopping . when you ask some people to learn their opinions about shopping they can tell you they don't like shopping but i suppose it is not true . for example me , when someone asked me about shopping i would say that i hadn't liked it . however now if someone asks me the same question my answer will be " yes , i like it " . when people hear this word shopping they only think about to go some stores and try new clothes or shoes and search for their size and so on . they don't think about other kind of shopping which are liked by themselves . maybe they like shopping on internet or window shopping doesn't matter what kind of shopping they like . there are a lot of shopping style on the world i am sure everybody prefer one of them . 
i think all people like shopping . when you ask some people to express their opinions about shopping they might tell you they don't like shopping but i don't suppose it is true . for example , when someone asked me about shopping i would say that i didn't like it . however , now if someone asks me the same question my answer will be , " yes , i like it " . when people hear this word shopping they only think about going to some stores and trying on new clothes or shoes and searching for their size and so on . they don't think about other kinds of shopping which are liked by themselves . maybe they like shopping on the internet or window shopping ; it doesn't matter what kind of shopping they like . there are a lot of shopping styles in the world . i am sure everybody prefers likes one of them . 
in my opinion , even though people say shopping is not always enjoyable , there are always some fun you can find . you only need to discover what you like , and how you can have fun with shopping . 
in my opinion , even though people say shopping is not always enjoyable , there is always some fun you can have . you only need to discover what you like , and how you can have fun with shopping . 
dear sir or madame , 
dear sir or madam , 
i'm so glad to get the news i've won the prize . many thanks for giving me a chance to stay at the camp california in the u . s . a . 
i'm so glad to get the news i've won the prize . many thanks for giving me a chance to stay at the camp california in the u . s . a . 
i think i could leave for the camp in july . because i'm supposed to attend an english course in weymouth , england until june and then i'm going to travel in europe with my sister who came from my country 4 weeks ago for this trip . we are planning to spend 2 weeks travelling . so i can go to the camp in the middle of the july . 
i think i could leave for the camp in july . because i'm supposed to attend an english course in weymouth , england until june and then i'm going to travel in europe with my sister who came from my country 4 weeks ago for this trip . we are planning to spend 2 weeks travelling . so i can go to the camp in the middle of july . 
and i'd like to stay in a log cabin . i've had unpleasant experience from my last holidays when i had to stay in a tent . in addition as i haven't stayed in a cabin , i look forward to staying in a cabin . 
and i'd like to stay in a log cabin . i've had unpleasant experiences on my last holidays when i had to stay in a tent . in addition , as i haven't stayed in a cabin , i look forward to staying in a cabin . 
most of all , i'm so happy that i could choose some activities . i'd like to practice golf and tennis . both of them are my favorite sports and i'm quite good . 
most of all , i'm so happy that i could choose some activities . i'd like to practise golf and tennis . both of them are my favourite sports and i'm quite good . 
i think i should ask you about something more . how's the weather there ? which kind of clothes i have to bring and how much money i will need ? could you tell me about them ? 
i think i should ask you about something more . how's the weather there ? what kind of clothes do i have to bring and how much money will i need ? could you tell me about them ? 
i'll be grateful if you could send me further information . i'll look forward to your reply . 
i would be grateful if you could send me further information . i'll look forward to your reply . 
yours sincerely 
yours faithfully 
when i was asked what i do in my free time , i've never hesitated to say , " i enjoy going shopping . " 
when i was asked what i do in my free time , i've never hesitated to say , " i enjoy going shopping . " 
i'm very extroverted . so i like spend my energy doing sports or some kinds of energetic activity . i thought going shopping was suitable for me . especially when i visit somewhere for the first time or i have nothing to do , but lots of time , i naturally and automatically look for a decent shopping centre . 
i'm very extroverted . so i like spend my energy doing sports or some kinds of energetic activity . i thought going shopping was suitable for me . especially when i visit somewhere for the first time or i have nothing to do , but lots of time , i naturally and automatically look for a decent shopping centre . 
but nowadays i found shopping is not always enjoyable . 
but nowadays i find shopping is not always enjoyable . 
since i started living in england , i've worked two part time jobs as a cleaner . i can't make enough money for my living expense . i have to control my expenses on the budget . it's not easy for me , as i used to depend on my parents before i came here . 
since i started living in england , i've worked two part time jobs as a cleaner . i can't make enough money for my living expenses . i have to control my expenses on the budget . it's not easy for me , as i used to depend on my parents before i came here . 
anyway i must check and even compare the prices of different supermarkets . 
anyway , i must check and even compare the prices of different supermarkets . 
what makes me desperate is a nice summer dress i've found in a department store . i really wanted to buy it , but i couldn't afford to buy it . 
what makes me desperate is a nice summer dress i've found in a department store . i really wanted to buy it , but i couldn't afford to buy it . 
i realised that shopping is not always enjoyable . 
i realised that shopping is not always enjoyable . 
austria , 13th june 2000
austria , 13th june 2000
dear mrs . ryan , 
dear mrs . ryan , 
i refer to your letter in which you informed me that i have won the first prise in the competition . you asked me for some further information and hear are my " desirs " :
i refer to your letter in which you informed me that i have won the first prize in the competition . you asked me for some further information and here are my " desires " :
i would like to travel only in july because in august i have to study for an exam . further i would prefer to live in a tent at the camp , because i am already used to that , because i often spent my holidays in tents . i would like to do painting , because one of my greatest hobbies is silk-painting and so i think i can improve my abilities . the second activity , which i choose is playing basketball , because i love this wonderful sport . we always play it at school and i am very good at it . i am in our school-basketball-team . 
i would like to travel only in july because in august i have to study for an exam . further i would prefer to stay in a tent at the camp , because i am already used to that , because i often spend my holidays in tents . i would like to do painting , because one of my greatest hobbies is silk painting and so i think i can improve my abilities . the second activity which i choose is playing basketball , because i love this wonderful sport . we always play it at school and i am very good at it . i am in our school basketball team . 
i hope that you are now well informed and i would like to ask you which clothes and how much money i should bring with me . 
i hope that you are now well informed and i would like to ask you what clothes and how much money i should bring with me . 
thank you very much , i look forward to hearing from you . 
thank you very much . i look forward to hearing from you . 
your sincerely
yours sincerely
austria , 13th june 200
austria , 13th june 200
dear kim , 
dear kim , 
i hope you are fine . you know , last month i helped at a pop concert and i am sure you want to know some details . 
i hope you are fine . you know , last month i helped at a pop concert and i am sure you want to know some details . 
my first task was to open the doors to let in all the fans of britney spears . i stood at the entry and theire i had to check the tickets . two girls came together and they wanted to go in with only one ticket for both ! i had to tell one of them , that she had to leave . she started crying . such a poor girl . at this moment i didn't like my position . 
my first task was to open the doors to let in all the britney spears fans . i stood at the entrance and there i had to check the tickets . two girls came together and they wanted to go in with only one ticket for both of them ! i had to tell one of them that she had to leave . she started crying . such a poor girl ! at that moment i didn't like my position . 
my second task was that i had to look in all the bags of the fans to collect " dangerous " items , i saw really funny things like teeth-bruches in the bags . this part of my work was really funny and i enjoyed it . 
my second task was to look in all the fans' bags to confiscate " dangerous " items . i saw really funny things like toothbrushes in the bags . this part of my work was really funny and i enjoyed it . 
summing up i can say that it was a fantastic day , because britney sang so beautiful and the performance was also super . 
summing up , i can say that it was a fantastic day , because britney sang so beautifully and the performance was also super . 
i hope you can imagine how a wonderful day it was for me . 
i hope you can imagine what a wonderful day it was for me . 
yours
yours
dear mr helen ryan , 
dear ms helen ryan , 
i am writing to you and reply the answers from your letter . 
i am writing to you answer to answer the questions in your letter . 
i was glad to hearing the news from you and thank you very much ! when you mentioned the period of my travelling i'm afraid i only free in july . because i go on holiday in july naturally , and i have two terms in june and august . therefore , i hope that you could make suitable arguement between you and me . furthermore , i would like to stay in log cabins which i could feel more american style of the accommodation . in addition , there should not too hot inside during july . 
i was glad to hear the news from you and thank you very much ! when you mentioned the period of my travelling i'm afraid i am only free in july , because i go on holiday in july , naturally , and i have two terms in june and august . therefore , i hope that you can agree to a suitable argument arrangement between you and me . furthermore , i would like to stay in log cabins , which i feel are a more american style of accommodation . in addition , it should not be too hot inside during july . 
if i get two choices , i would like to go swimming and take photographs . because i grew up in my home town that is a seaside city . i was starting trainning since 1996 , and i have never give it up . esepically , it is really good for my healthy during the growth period . photography is my hobby that is taken in my spare time . i can remember that i used to take photographs on the exhibitions or during the holidays . it must be nice for my memories when i am older . in addition , it could showed people how nice the places are and the views i have got . therefore , i would like to do those two activities . 
if i get two choices , i would like to go swimming and take photographs . because i grew up in a hometown town that is a seaside city , i started training in 1996 , and i have never given it up . especially in particular , it was really good for my health during the growth period . photography is my hobby . i can remember that i used to take photographs of the exhibitions or during the holidays . it will be nice for my memories when i am older . in addition , it could show people how nice the places i have been are and the views i have got . therefore , i would like to do those two activities . 
finally , i would like to know the weather in california . do i need take too much clothes ? could you tell me that the amount of money i can bring during the holiday ? 
finally , i would like to know about the weather in california . do i need to take very many clothes ? could you tell me the amount of money i should have during the holiday ? 
i look forward to hearing from you ! 
i look forward to hearing from you ! 
your sincerely
yours sincerely
she dunes
she dunes
shopping is not always enjoyable
shopping is not always enjoyable
shopping is concerned that people exchange from money to their demands . there are more and more retailors are opening to customer . therefore , people used to shopping weekly or monthly . 
shopping is concerned that people exchange from money to their demands . there are more and more retailers opening . therefore , people usually go shopping weekly or monthly . 
in my opinion , women are really enjoying shopping . it seems a human activity during their spare time . however , we are going to change traditional system to the " e-shopping " . it is new for customers by technology they can switch on the computer and click everything they want . therefore , it looks like a service and also boring for customer . i think most of gentlemen dislike shopping . they are always waiting for a long time after women finish their shopping . 
in my opinion , women really enjoy shopping . it seems a human activity during their spare time . however , we are going to change from the traditional system to " e-shopping " . it is new for customers with . with technology they can switch on the computer and click everything they want . therefore , it looks like a service and is also boring for the customer . i think most men dislike shopping . they are always waiting for a long time for women to finish their shopping . 
i believed that most of busy people want go shopping by the easy and quick way . because they don't like waiting for payment and waste time of life . therefore , they would like to use " e-shopping " which is getting better for their time . 
i believe that most busy people want to go shopping the quick and easy way , because they don't like waiting for payment and wasting time . therefore , they would like to use " e-shopping " , which is getting better for their time . 
the life style has change already from past . shopping is common activity in their life . we must focus on the specific life style , which will make us enjoyable . 
the lifestyle has changed already from the past . shopping is a common activity in their life . we must focus on the specific lifestyle , which will make us happy . 
in conclusion , i believe that shopping only waste time for human life . and you couldn't get back any more . 
in conclusion , i believe that shopping only wastes time . and you couldn't get back any more . 
dear sir/madam:
dear sir/madam:
thank you for telling me that i have won the first prize and now i am writing to tell you the information you have requested . 
thank you for telling me that i have won the first prize and now i am writing to give you the information you have requested . 
first of all , i think i would like to travel in july , which will be the only month for me to go . because my course won't finish until the end of june , and i will have to stay in the college to get ready for the new term . 
first of all , i think i would like to travel in july , which will be the only month when i will be able to go , because my course won't finish until the end of june , and i will have to stay in the college to get ready for the new term . 
then i'd like to choose the tents for my accommodation when at camp california . i think sleeping in a tent is funnier than others . however , during my stay at camp , there are two activities i can choose , one of them i will choose basketball because it is the sport i play most , i and my friend used to win the first place in school-wide match when we was in school . and the other one , i think painting will be a good idea; painting is one of my hobbies and i've been learning it since i was 5 years old and now i'm still doing it once i have free time . 
then i'd like to choose the tents for my accommodation when at camp california . i think sleeping in a tent is more fun than other . also , during my stay at camp , there are two activities i can choose , for . for one of them i will choose basketball because it is the sport i play most . i and my friend used to win the first place in the school-wide match when we were at school . and for the other one , i think painting will be a good idea; painting is one of my hobbies and i've been studying it since i was 5 years old and now i'm still doing it when i have some free time . 
above are all the information you asked , however , here are something i'd like to know; first is about the clothes , what kind of clothes i need to take with ? and another question is what is the prices of things like in there , so that i can make a better buget of my trip . 
above is all the information you asked for . however , there are some thing some things i'd like to know; the first is about the clothes . what kind of clothes do i need to take with me ? and another question is what are the prices of things like there , which i want to know so that i can make a better budget for my trip . 
look forward to hearing from you . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
dear kim:
dear kim:
thanks for your last letter; i knew you would interested at my experience of helping the pop concert last time , now i tell you about it . 
thanks for your last letter; i knew you would be interested in my experience of helping at the pop concert last time . now i will tell you about it . 
the place we worked was a football pitch; we spent 3 days on setting up the stage , the equitment , and the lights . in fact , there is nothing very important i did , because we are not the right people to do it . i only put the speakers in the right places , or helping engieners tested the lights . 
the place where we worked was a football pitch; we spent 3 days setting up the stage , the equipment , and the lights . in fact , there was nothing very important i did , because we were not the right people to do it . i only put the speakers in the right places , or helped the engineers test the lights . 
but at the brakes and after work , i had a chance to talk with the engieners , and i leant something about setting up the equitment . 
but in the breaks and after work , i had a chance to talk with the engineers , and i learnt something about setting up the equipment . 
the fourth day , the singers and the players have been to there to test . then i had a chance to speak with them . from that , i learnt more about instruments . 
the fourth day , the singers and the musicians were there to test . then i had a chance to speak with them . from that , i learnt more about the instruments . 
finally , the date of concer came . after the concer finished successfully , i was happier than ever because the succeed inclueded my work and that was the most enjoyable moment in my life . 
finally , the day of the concert came . after the concert finished successfully , i was happier than ever because the success included my work and that was the most enjoyable moment in my life . 
anyway , now i have to stop to finish my homework . i'm looking forward to receiving your letter again . 
anyway , now i have to stop to finish my homework . i'm looking forward to receiving your letter again . 
best wishes . 
best wishes . 
dear helen ryan
dear helen ryan
i am replying in response of the competition i won . as you asked in the letter , i will write everything i need to know about the travel . 
i am replying in response of the competition i won . as you asked in the letter , i will write everything i need to know about the trip . 
first of all , i would like to travel on july , because during the other months , i will be studying , preparing myself for other exams or i will be out travelling somewhere else with my relatives . 
first of all , i would like to travel in july , because , during the other months , i will be studying , preparing myself for exams or i will be away travelling somewhere else with my relatives . 
i have been thinking and i decided i would prefer to stay in tents , simply because it's a new experience and i would like to try everything new . also , it seems more dangerous . for the two activities i have to choose , i decided to choose a new activitie that i have never done before , which is sailing , so i am a totally begginer at this . the other activitie is photography , i am not an expert , but i know how to use a camera , all i want is to improve my knowledge . 
i have been thinking and i decided i would prefer to stay in a tent , simply because it's a new experience and i would like to try everything new . also , it seems more dangerous . regarding the two activities i have to choose , i decided to choose a new activity that i have never done before , which is sailing . i am a total beginner at this . the other activity is photography . i am not an expert , but i know how to use a camera . all i want is to improve my knowledge . 
finally , i need to know what kind of clothes and how many i should pack . is there any place that i can wash my clothes ? i also needed some information on the money i will take . do you have any kind of souvenirs that i can buy ? do i need to take any money at all ? 
finally , i need to know what kind of clothes and how many clothes i should pack . is there any place where i can wash my clothes ? i also need some information about the money i should take . do you have any kind of souvenirs that i can buy ? do i need to take any money at all ? 
i will be waiting a reply . 
i will be waiting for a reply . 
your sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
sara todi
sara todi
dear kim , 
dear kim , 
i'm sorry it took so long for me to answer your letter , but i've been too busy with my school , papers and everything . but now i found some time to tell you everything about the pop concert i helped . 
i'm sorry it took so long for me to answer your letter , but i've been too busy with my school , papers and everything . but now i have found some time to tell you everything about the pop concert i helped . 
there were about a hundred people that wanted to help , but only two would be chosen . when they said my name , i couldn't believe it ! all i could think was " oh my god , i'm gonna be talking and helping the most famous pop bands ! " i was so excited that i couldn't believe . 
there were about a hundred people that wanted to help , but only two would be chosen . when they said my name , i couldn't believe it ! all i could think was " oh my god , i'm gonna be talking with and helping the most famous pop bands ! " i was so excited that i couldn't believe it . 
when i arrived to help them , they welcomed me and were so nice with me that it seemed we had known each others in ages ! they weren't those kind of people that think they're gods . 
when i arrived to help them , they welcomed me and were so nice to me that it seemed we had known each other for ages ! they weren't the kind of people that think they're gods . 
i helped them organizing the stage , cleaning everything , fixing what was broken and they even let me play with their guittars ! that was so great ! 
i helped them with organizing the stage , cleaning everything , fixing what was broken and they even let me play with their guitars ! that was so great ! 
i don't know exactly how i felt , sometimes i wake up and think it was nothing but a dream . i hope you liked everything i said and i hope an answer as soon as possible . 
i don't know exactly how i felt . sometimes i wake up and think it was nothing but a dream . i hope you liked everything i said and i hope you reply as soon as possible . 
best wishes , 
best wishes , 
sara
sara
dear ms helen ryan , 
dear ms helen ryan , 
i am very pleased about the prize i just won in your competition . thank you for choosing me . here is some further information about myself and a few enquirement . 
i am very pleased about the prize i just won in your competition . thank you for choosing me . here is some further information about myself and a few enquiries . 
first of all , i am sorry to say that i could only travel in july . as my family's new restaurant is about to open in august , i need to help with the restaurant , which is expected to be rather busy . 
first of all , i am sorry to say that i can only travel in july . as my family's new restaurant is about to open in august , i need to help with the restaurant , which is expected to be rather busy . 
secondly , i would like to live in log cabins while i am staying at the camp . i had bad experience last time i lived in a tent . i was terribly attacked by a been and it still gives me nightmares ! 
secondly , i would like to sleep in log cabins while i am staying at the camp . i had a bad experience last time i stayed in a tent . i was terribly attacked by a bear and it still gives me nightmares ! 
as for selecting two activities , basketball and surfing are definitely on my list . i spend one third of my spare time playing basketball . as a result , i have an important position in our local basketball team . surfing was a fresh sport to me which i took up recently . it is really fasinating to challenge waves . i wish i could learn more so that i could enjoy it more in the future . 
as for selecting two activities , basketball and surfing are definitely on my list . i spend one third of my spare time playing basketball . as a result , i have an important position in our local basketball team . surfing was a new sport to me which i took up recently . it is really fascinating to challenge the waves . i wish i could learn to be better so that i could enjoy it more in the future . 
in addition what kind of clothes shall i bring with me ? how much money is appropriate to carry ? 
also , what kind of clothes shall i bring with me ? how much money is it appropriate to bring ? 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
dear kim , 
dear kim , 
i really wish you were there with me at that one of the exciting nights in my life . now i can't wait to tell you every detail . are you ready ? 
i really wish you had been there with me on one of the exciting nights in my life . now i can't wait to tell you every detail . are you ready ? 
that was a pop concert of steps in m . e . n arena . and i was initially employed to be an entrance assistant whose job was to keep the queue under control as well as keeping the area clean . 
it was a pop concert by steps in the m . e . n arena . and i was initially employed to be an entrance assistant whose job was to keep the queue under control as well as keeping the area clean . 
a few minutes after the concert began , a backstage assistant called in sick who was responsible for checking wether everything is going well according to the timetable , if something comes up , she should inform other staff . i was then taken in to cover her job . i couldn't find my feet at first as i was so nervous . i was given lots of paper with many different time on it . i did manage to " study " them though , thanks to other staff . they were very helpful and nice . they patiently explained to me my job even so they were fairly busy themselves . then i found it was not as complicated as i though before . and i guess i did a good job as everything was getting on quite well . 
a few minutes after the concert began , a backstage assistant called in sick who was responsible for checking whether everything was going well according to the timetable . if something comes up , she should inform the other staff . i was then taken on to cover her job . i couldn't find my feet at first as i was so nervous . i was given lots of paper with many different times on it . i did manage to " study " them though , thanks to the other staff . they were very helpful and nice . they patiently explained to me my job even though they were fairly busy themselves . then i found it was not as complicated as i thought at first . and i guess i did a good job as everything was going quite well . 
i saw all the members of the band backstage , how did they change their make-up , hairstyle etc . they were even talking jokes with me and other staff . i was impressed when they kept saying " thank-you " to the staff . indeed , they can not succeed without their help , can they ? i was lucky to have this chance and able to know how they work behind the scene . all in all , it was a once-a-lifetime experience . 
i saw all the members of the band backstage , how they changed their make-up , hairstyle etc . they were even making jokes with me and other staff . i was impressed when they kept saying " thank you " to the staff . indeed , they cannot succeed without their help , can they ? i was lucky to have this chance and able to learn how they work behind the scenes . all in all , it was a once-in-a-lifetime experience . 
yours , 
yours , 
dear madam , 
dear madam , 
i am very happy to hear that i've won first prize in your competition . below i provide you with the information that you asked me for . i would like to travel in july . i already have plans for my holiday and july suits me the best . as for accomodation i would prefer log cabins , because i belive they are more comfortable then tents . 
i am very happy to hear that i've won first prize in your competition . below i provide you with the information that you asked me for . i would like to travel in july . i already have plans for my holiday and july suits me the best . as for accommodation , i would prefer log cabins , because i believe they are more comfortable than tents . 
the activities i would like to do during my stay are golf and surfing . 
the activities i would like to do during my stay are golf and surfing . 
i never tried those sports , because they are quite expensive . 
i have never tried those sports , because they are quite expensive . 
i have two questions . could you tell me what are the weather conditions in california at that time of year , because i want to know what clothes to take . am i supposed to take an outfit for sports as well ? 
i have two questions . could you tell me what the weather conditions in california are at that time of year , because i want to know what clothes to take . am i supposed to take an outfit for sports as well ? 
the other question is about money . will i be given any pocket-money or do i need to bring my own money to cover additional expences ? 
the other question is about money . will i be given any pocket-money or do i need to bring my own money to cover additional expenses ? 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
adalbert turnau
adalbert turnau
first i would like to say that doing a video about daily life at our school is great idea . some people may think that school is boring and nothing interesting ever happens there . i hope that after seeing this video most people will change their view on that topic . to make that happen , we have to find some interesting activities to film . 
first i would like to say that making a video about daily life at our school is a great idea . some people may think that school is boring and nothing interesting ever happens there . i hope that after seeing this video most people will change their view on that topic . to make that happen , we have to find some interesting activities to film . 
below are my suggestions of what should be filmed . 
below are my suggestions for what should be filmed . 
the first thing to be filmed is our english lesson , because our teacher mr. s . has a lot of weird ideas and we could get a lot of fun moments on tape . the chemistry lesson should be filmed because we do a lot of interesting experiments there . the computer class can be also there , because program and internet surfing is quite interesting . 
the first thing to be filmed is our english lesson , because our teacher mr. s . has a lot of weird ideas and we could get a lot of fun moments on tape . the chemistry lesson should be filmed because we do a lot of interesting experiments there . the computer class could be also there , because programming and internet surfing are quite interesting . 
as for other activities , there is a jiu-jitsu class after regular lessons . martial arts are realy exciting and are a great thing to film . 
as for other activities , there is a jiu-jitsu class after regular lessons . martial arts are really exciting and are a great thing to film . 
dear sir or madam , 
dear sir or madam , 
i am writing to giving information about myself . 
i am writing to give you information about myself . 
even though i would like to travel , i am only in july , because i am a high school student . thus i have not got long holiday . i just have one month left . personally , i would rather stay in log cabins than in tents . on accound to stay in log cabins are as much more interesting than in tents . as far as two activities are concerned i would choose singing and photography . i used to win a number of competitions in singing . i can sing a plenty of songs . which include the english song and the japenese song , and i have part-time job for sining at restaurant . although the photography is not as good as the singing , i am very interested in it . i have been learning since i was 15 year old . i got third prize in it competition last year and i level is professional now . futermore , i am going to have competition next year . 
even though i would like to travel , i am only available in july , because i am a high school student . thus i have not got a long holiday . i just have one month . personally , i would rather stay in log cabins than in tents . on account of the fact that staying in log cabins is much more interesting than staying in tents . as far as two activities are concerned , i would choose singing and photography . i used to win a number of competitions in singing . i can sing plenty of songs , which include english songs and the japanese japanese songs , and i have a part-time job singing at a restaurant . although photography is not as good as singing , i am very interested in it . i have been studying photography since i was 15 years old . i got third prize in a competition last year and my level is professional now . furthermore , i am going to enter a competition next year . 
i would like to asking some information about that what kind of clothes i have to wearing and how many your are charge . 
i would like to ask for some information about what kind of clothes i have to wear and how much you charge . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours faithfully , 
yours faithfully , 
shopping is not always enjoyable , sometimes have a long quare or a mechine was broken . a lot of circumsenses will have been happening . 
shopping is not always enjoyable . sometimes there is a long queue or a machine is broken . a lot of circumstances will arise . 
i have unpleased experience . it was in lunch time . everybody were went to by luch in supermarket , in fact , nobody liked crowe and quare , expecially in the summer time . i was quare in the middle of row . i choose this row because i though it was quicker than other . although there were finished two people , next was me , something was happened . suddenly the customer though the receipt was not truth , she did not buy a lot of things but the shop assistant did not make mistake , they argued about this thing . the shop manager was coming solution it . abviously , i have to chance other row . i was long quare , i have never had . 
i had an unpleasant experience . it was at lunchtime . everybody was had gone to buy lunch in the supermarket . in fact , nobody likes crowds and queues , especially not in the summertime . i was queue queuing in the middle of row . i chose this aisle because i thought it was quicker than the others . although there were finished two people , next was me , something was happened . suddenly the customer thought the receipt was not true right . she did not buy a lot of things but the shop assistant did not make a mistake . they argued about this thing . the shop manager came to solve it . obviously , i had to try another aisle . it was the longest queue i have ever been in . 
shopping would be enjoyable , if you were good luck . even though i think it most of time is very interesting , sometimes make people upsent . 
shopping is enjoyable , if you are lucky . even though i think most of the time it is very interesting , sometimes it makes gets people upset . 
dear helen ryan , 
dear helen ryan , 
i am glad that i have won first prize in your competition . i have been very surprised winning . you ask me in your letter when i would like to travel . the answer is the following one: i only can travel july because i have to work all august . i can take holidays only the month of july . you ask me if i prefer to sleep in tents or log cabins . i prefer the tents because i never use such kind of accommodation . i have choosen the two following activities . first one is tennis and second one is sailing . i played tennis for many years . i have even done competitions . i like a lot this game . i have choosen sailing because i would like to try a new sport . i love water but i never try this sport before . 
i am glad that i have won first prize in your competition . i was very surprised to win . you ask me in your letter when i would like to travel . the answer is the following one: i can only travel in july because i have to work all august . i can take holidays only in the month of july . you ask me if i prefer to sleep in tents or log cabins . i prefer the tents because i never use this kind of accommodation . i have chosen the two following activities . the first one is tennis and the second one is sailing . i have been playing tennis for many years . i have even entered competitions . i like this game a lot . i have chosen sailing because i would like to try a new sport . i love water but i have never tried this sport before . 
i would like to ask you two questions . how much money do i have to take with me for these two weeks and what kind of clothes do i have to bring with me ? i'll be very happy to see you soon . 
i would like to ask you two questions . how much money do i have to take with me for these two weeks and what kind of clothes do i have to bring with me ? i'll be very happy to see you soon . 
yours sincerly . 
yours sincerely . 
yves duteil
yves duteil
shopping is not always enjoyable . 
shopping is not always enjoyable . 
shopping is not always enjoyable because of different problems . 
shopping is not always enjoyable because of different problems . 
the first thing is the place of shopping . sometimes you have to go far away from home to do your shopping and it takes a lot of time . the second thing is that you need to go shopping when the supermarkets are open . many people work late and they do not have enough time to go for shopping . the third thing is the trouble of full shops . everybody do their shopping at the same moment and often in the same place . it is almost a battle to buy different things and to go paying those things . people are often nervous and agressive . sometimes you can see fights between two men or women . 
the first thing is the location of the shops . sometimes you have to go far away from home to do your shopping and it takes a lot of time . the second thing is that you need to go shopping when the supermarkets are open . many people work late and they do not have enough time to go shopping . the third thing is the crowds . everybody does their shopping at the same time and often in the same place . it is almost a battle to buy different things and to pay for those things . people are often irritable and aggressive . sometimes you can see fights between two men or women . 
there is one more thing . when you are a man and your wife asks you to come for shopping , be patient ! because women loves shopping and you have to follow them everywhere and always giving your opinion about clothes , music , parfums . . . 
there is one more thing . when you are a man and your wife asks you to go shopping , be patient ! because women love shopping and you have to follow them everywhere and always give your opinion about clothes , music , perfumes . . . 
dear helen ryan:
dear helen ryan:
i am writing to give you the information it was ask in the letter you had sent me . 
i am writing to give you the information that was asked requested in the letter you sent me . 
firstly , the best date for me to travel will be the second week of july because i will be very busy in any other date for reasons of work . 
firstly , the best date for me to travel will be in the second week of july because i will be very busy at any other time for work reasons . 
secondly i would prefer sleeping in log cabins because i fell much more comfortable . one reason is the cold , and the other is that i cannot sleep on the floor because i have problems in my back . 
secondly i would prefer sleeping in a log cabin because i would feel much more comfortable . one reason is the cold , and the other is that i cannot sleep on the floor because i have problems with my back . 
finally , the two activities i would like to do while i am camping are singing and basketball . the first one because i think i am good at it and also i love singing loudly with other people . the last one i have never tried it but i think i can do it well because i am very tall and that could make things easier . 
finally , the two activities i would like to do while i am camping are singing and basketball . the first one because i think i am good at it and also i love singing loudly with other people . the last one i have never tried but i think i could play it well because i am very tall and that could make things easier . 
i would like to know if i must take some money and what kind of clothes i will need . 
i would like to know if i must take some money and what kind of clothes i will need . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
your sincerily 
yours sincerely 
dear kim:
dear kim:
i'm very sorry i haven't written you for such a long time but i had to make a travel to my parents house because my mother was operated on ; don't worry she is all right now . 
i'm very sorry i haven't written to you for such a long time but i had to make a trip to my parents' house because my mother had an operation ; don't worry , she is all right now . 
last month i went to help at a pop concert where rolling stones were playing . it was a wonderful experience but at the same time i had to work very hard . the things i did were: prepearing and controling the equipment , i had to clean all the stadium , make sure that all the lights were in perfect condition , that the singers were confortable and relaxed , etc . 
last month i went to help at a pop concert where rolling stones were playing . it was a wonderful experience but at the same time i had to work very hard . the things i did were: preparing preparing and controlling checking the equipment , i had to clean all the stadium , making sure that all the lights were in perfect working order , that the singers were comfortable and relaxed , etc . 
the most exciting thing was talking with the band , asking questions to them and of course listening the music and enjoying the incredible show . 
the most exciting thing was talking with the band , asking them questions and of course listening to the music and enjoying the incredible show . 
it was the most exciting experience i've ever had in my life . 
it was the most exciting experience i've ever had in my life . 
best wishes . 
best wishes . 
dear helen ryan , 
dear helen ryan , 
it would be a great plessure to spend two weeks at camp california and i can't find any suitable words to express my enthusiasm . first of all , as a reply for your letter , i'd like to say , that i can only go on this camp in july because i have a full-time job and it is essential not to leave it for a long time . in july i can make an exception . according to accomodation i would prefer log cabins , as they are more comfortable and i like convenience . as to the list of activities i choose climbing and surfing . i like new challenges , even when i've never done them before , and i'm really looking forward to gaining this new kind of experience . if you don't mind i would like to ask you some vital questions . do i have to take warm clothes ? how much money would you recommend me to take ? 
it would be a great pleasure to spend two weeks at camp california and i can't find any suitable words to express my enthusiasm . first of all , as a reply to your letter , i'd like to say , that i can only go on this camp in july because i have a full-time job and it is essential not to leave it for a long time . in july i can make an exception . with regards accommodation i would prefer log cabins , as they are more comfortable and i like convenience . as for the list of activities , i choose climbing and surfing . i like new challenges , even when i've never done them before , and i'm really looking forward to gaining this new kind of experience . if you don't mind i would like to ask you some vital questions . do i have to take warm clothes ? how much money would you recommend me to take ? 
i would appreciate if you send me a reply for my questions as soon as possible
i would appreciate it if you sent me a reply to my questions as soon as possible
yours faithfully
yours faithfully
tadeusz ochman
tadeusz ochman
, , shopping is not always enjoyable " . from my point of view it is a very controversial issue , and we can't just easily claim whether it is enjoyable or not . it only depends on the person who is actually doing it and some convenient circumstances like a huge amount of money on our bank account . some people don't like doing shopping at all and they can well explain to everyone why it isn't enjoyable . luckily , i'm one of these people . first of all , shopping is a waste of time . people just run from one shop to another and they just can't decide what to buy . during the rush hour , shopping is almost impossible due to big queues in every single shop in the nearby area . i just can't understand people who with smile on their faces spend their last money on unnecessary but expensive things . they are ready to sacrifise all their savings to get something that will make their neighbor jelous . 
, , shopping is not always enjoyable " . from my point of view it is a very controversial issue , and we can't just easily claim whether it is enjoyable or not . it only depends on the person who is actually doing it and some convenient circumstances like a huge amount of money in our bank account . some people don't like doing shopping at all and they can well explain to everyone why it isn't enjoyable . luckily , i'm one of these people . first of all , shopping is a waste of time . people just run from one shop to another and they just can't decide what to buy . during the rush hour , shopping is almost impossible due to big queues in every single shop in the nearby area . i just can't understand people who , with a smile on their faces , spend their last money on unnecessary but expensive things . they are ready to sacrifice all their savings to get something that will make their neighbour jealous . 
so , as a conlusion , i might say that shopping isn't enjoyable at all and i'd rather stay at home instead . 
so , as a conclusion , i might say that shopping isn't enjoyable at all and i'd rather stay at home instead . 
dear helen ryan , 
dear helen ryan , 
i have just received your letter with congratulations and i am writing to you in order to provide you with information you need . 
i have just received your letter of congratulations and i am writing to you in order to provide you with information you need . 
first of all , i would like to start with the time of the travelling . i would prefer to go to the camp on july . the reasons for my choice are that i am having my graduation exams in june and my entrance exams in august . 
first of all , i would like to start with the time of the trip . i would prefer to go to the camp in july . the reasons for my choice are that i am having my graduation exams in june and my entrance exams in august . 
as regards accomodation , i would rather choose staying in tents . that is because i am keen on hich-hicking and i amused to living in tents . it is quite romantic , i think . 
as regards accommodation , i would choose to stay in tents . that is because i am keen on hitchhiking and i am used to living in tents . it is quite romantic , i think . 
as to the activities offered i would love to go in for swimming and photography while camping , although i am not quite good at the last one . actually , i would like to take up photography as a hobby and if you can provide me with an opportunity to study in this area , i will accept it with pleasure . as regards swimming , it is my passion from the very childhood and i have been going in for this kind of sport for five years now . 
as to the activities offered , i would love to go in for swimming and photography while camping , although i am not very good at the last one . actually , i would like to take up photography as a hobby and if you can provide me with an opportunity to study in this area , i will accept it with pleasure . as regards swimming , it is my passion from childhood and i have been going in for this kind of sport for five years now . 
in the conclusion i would like to ask you if you could send me some additional information . i wonder what kind of clothes i should take with me . i don't know much about the weather down there , in california , so i am rather puzzeled about what to wear there . besides , i would like to know how much money will i need and which expensies will i have to pay for by myself . 
in conclusion finally , i would like to ask you if you could send me some additional information . i wonder what kind of clothes i should take with me . i don't know much about the weather down there , in california , so i am rather puzzled about what to wear there . also , i would like to know how much money i will need and which expenses i will have to cover myself . 
i look forward to hearing from you soon . 
i look forward to hearing from you soon . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
xava surganova
xava surganova
subject: to suggest what should be filmed for a short video about daily life of our school . 
subject: to suggest what should be filmed for a short video about the daily life of our school . 
introduction . 
introduction . 
the aim of this report is to find out what are the most important things people should see watching the short videofilm about the daily routine of our school . 
the aim of this report is to find out what are the most important things people should see when watching the short video film about the daily routine of our school . 
the area around the school:
the area around the school:
i have made a little survey on the subject of my report and i have elucidaded that most of the pupils of our school consider that the region and the area around school should be filmed first . personally i agree with their statement and think that it will be interesting for viewers to learn about the surroundings of the school . we should film our gardens around school and a pitch with the playgrounds for volley-ball and tennis at the back of the school in the very beginning . 
i have conducted a little survey on the subject of my report and i have elucidated discovered that most of the pupils of our school think that the region and the area around school should be filmed first . personally i agree with their opinion and think that it will be interesting for viewers to learn about the surroundings of the school . we should film our gardens around the school and the pitch with the courts for volleyball and tennis at the back of the school in the very beginning . 
classrooms , lessons and breaks . 
classrooms , lessons and breaks . 
next things to be shot , by the majority of students was said to be the teaching process and the breaks . obviously it will be interesting to find out what methods are used by our teachers to help pupils understand their subject better . here i should also mention the decoration of our classrooms and atmosphere in them . people should see all the renovations that have been made during the last years and all modern conveniences that were made for both students and teachers . 
the next things to be shot , according to the majority of students , should be the teaching process and the breaks . obviously it will be interesting to find out what methods are used by our teachers to help pupils understand their subject better . here i should also mention the decor of our classrooms and the atmosphere in them . people should see all the renovations that have been done during the last few years and all the modern conveniences that were installed for both students and teachers . 
and as regards breaks student consider them being a very important part of school life , despite all their mess and noise . 
and as regards breaks , students consider them to be a very important part of school life , despite all the mess and noise . 
outdoor activities
outdoor activities
and the last but not least thing we should include in the film are the outdoor activities , which our student are provided with in our school . we can make some short shots about the school theatre and it's performances and also about the sport-clubs and their competitions and awards . 
and the last but not least thing we should include in the film are the outdoor activities , which our students are provided with in our school . we can make some short shots about the school theatre and its events and also about the sport clubs sports clubs and their competitions and awards . 
conclusion
conclusion
in the conclusion of my report i would like to say that the suggestions were made according to the survey made among the students of our school . i hope you will consider this information . 
in the conclusion of my report i would like to say that the suggestions were made according to the survey conducted among the students of our school . i hope you will consider this information . 
dear miss ryan , 
dear miss ryan , 
i have safely received your letter bringing the good news . i wish that i could describe how ecstatic i felt when i found that i won the competition . here i enclose some information which you requested in the letter i received . 
i have safely received your letter bringing the good news . i wish that i could describe how ecstatic i felt when i found out that i won the competition . here i enclose some information which you requested in the letter i received . 
i think that the best and most convenient time for me to travel would be in july . this is because it falls on my semester holidays and that it is also summer in america . this trip will give me a chance to relax during my holidays , as well as allow me to gain valuable knowledge and experience . 
i think that the best and most convenient time for me to travel would be in july . this is because it falls on my semester holidays and it is also summer in america . this trip will give me a chance to relax during my holidays , as well as allowing me to gain valuable knowledge and experience . 
between the tent and log cabin , i think that i would prefer the tent . it will let me get up and close with nature , and experience life in the wild . living in a tent will also enhance my survival skills , making this a trip to remember . 
between the tent and log cabin , i think that i would prefer the tent . it will let me get up close to nature , and experience life in the wild . living in a tent will also enhance my survival skills , making this a trip to remember . 
camp california certainly has plenty of activities to do . however , among all of them i like swimming and tennis the best . i have much experience in swimming and have represented my school before . as for tennis , i find it very enjoyable and have gone for proper lessons . 
camp california certainly has plenty of activities to do . however , among all of them i like swimming and tennis the best . i have a lot of experience with swimming and have represented my school before . as for tennis , i find it very enjoyable and have gone for proper lessons . 
last before least , i wonder if you could inform me of the clothes i should bring to america . as i have not been there before , i am rather unsure of what to wear . i am also trying to decide on the amount of money i should bring . will i be going out much , or just stay in camp california all the time ? 
last but not least , i wonder if you could inform me of the clothes i should bring to america . as i have not been there before , i am rather unsure of what to wear . i am also trying to decide on the amount of money i should bring . will i be going out much , or just staying in camp california all the time ? 
i hope that i haven't taken up too much time . thank you for this exciting news . i can't wait to go on this adventure of a lifetime ! 
i hope that i haven't taken up too much time . thank you for this exciting news . i can't wait to go on this adventure of a lifetime ! 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
( au kwan ming ) 
( au kwan ming ) 
dear kim , 
dear kim , 
how are you in london ? i hope the weather is holding up . i hear that it can be terrible at times . guess what ? last month , i got to help out at a pop concert . it was a fantastic experience . 
how are you in london ? i hope the weather is holding up . i hear that it can be terrible at times . guess what ? last month , i got to help out at a pop concert . it was a fantastic experience . 
the concert was held at our school hall . all the students had to help to brighten up the place , and boy did we work . i helped to decorate the walls . my friends and i managed to paint a smart navy blue on the old , faded green . it wasn't as easy as i had expected , there are special equipment and techniques which must be used to ensure a good result . 
the concert was held in our school hall . all the students had to help to brighten up the place , and boy did we work . i helped to decorate the walls . my friends and i managed to paint a smart navy blue on the old , faded green . it wasn't as easy as i had expected , there are special equipment and techniques which must be used to ensure a good result . 
besides that , i also helped to do banners and signs to inform other people about the concert . it was hard work , i had to saw wood and paint all day long . several other students helped me out , and we managed to make some eye-catching advertisements . 
besides that , i also helped to do banners and signs to inform other people about the concert . it was hard work , i had to saw wood and paint all day long . several other students helped me out , and we managed to make some eye-catching advertisements . 
i also helped in the lighting and studio equipment . i fixed the lighting on the ceiling and attached several spotlights to the walls . this produced a stunning effect during the concert . i also got to fix new speakers so that the music could be heard clearly throughout the hall . 
i also helped with the lighting and studio equipment . i fixed the lighting on the ceiling and attached several spotlights to the walls . this produced a stunning effect during the concert . i also got to install new speakers so that the music could be heard clearly throughout the hall . 
i enjoyed fixing the studio equipment in particular . it gave me the chance to expand my knowledge and gain new skills in electronics . on the whole , it was a fun experience to work with friends , fixing bulbs , attaching lights and adding speakers . 
i enjoyed installing the studio equipment in particular . it gave me a chance to expand my knowledge and gain new skills in electronics . on the whole , it was a fun experience to work with friends , putting in bulbs , attaching lights and adding speakers . 
i really enjoyed myself and i hope that you can have the chance to experience this too . i hope that you can write to me soon . i look forward to reading what you have to say . bye for now ! 
i really enjoyed myself and i hope that you can have the chance to experience this too . i hope that you can write to me soon . i look forward to reading what you have to say . bye for now ! 
yours faithfully , 
yours sincerely , 
( au kwan ming ) 
( au kwan ming ) 
dear ms helen ryan
dear ms helen ryan
thank you for your letter 2nd of march . i am writing to give you some information about myself . i am very keen on joinning camp california in the u . s . a . 
thank you for your letter of the 2nd of march . i am writing to give you some information about myself . i am very keen on joining attending camp california in the u . s . a . 
i will have graduated from university by the end of june and i will be available for this travel only in july because i will have to start working with my parents in august . i m always been intents when i went with the university camps so i prefer log cabins at camp california because it would be a new experience for me and i would also learn how to live in there . 
i will have graduated from university by the end of june and i will be available for this trip only in july because i will have to start working with my parents in august . i'm i've always stayed in tents when i have been on the university camps so i would prefer log cabins at camp california because it would be a new experience for me and i would also learn how to live in one . 
according to your activities at the camp , i would choose singing and painting because i am a lead singer in the university band and i think i will be good at this activity . also painting is my hobby because i have always been painting when i have a spare time . i would be grateful if you could tell me some details about what type of clothes and how much money i should bring . 
considering your activities at the camp , i would choose singing and painting because i am the lead singer in the university band and i think i will be good at this activity . also painting is my hobby because i have always painted when i have some spare time . i would be grateful if you could tell me some details about what type of clothes and how much money i should bring . 
once again , thank you for giving me a good opportunity . i look forward to going with your camp in the near future . 
once again , thank you for giving me a good opportunity . i look forward to going to your camp in the near future . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
( thongchai enpheno ) 
( thongchai enpheno ) 
most people enjoy going shopping every weekend but some think that shopping is not always enjoyable because of different reasons and places . 
most people enjoy going shopping every weekend but some think that shopping is not always enjoyable for different reasons and places . 
in the first place , some housewifes don't like to go to the supermarket because it is not fun to go shopping with a long list and decide which one is the first and the second . to make matters worse , you forget to buy something when you get back home . it is very frustrating . moreover , if you go with your children , you will have to control them and remember things on your list at the same time and sometimes they cry when they want something in the supermarket . it is a tough chore ! 
in the first place , some housewives don't like to go to the supermarket because it is not fun to go shopping with a long list and decide which one is the first and the second . to make matters worse , you realise you have forgotten to buy something when you get back home . it is very frustrating . moreover , if you go with your children , you will have to control them and remember things on your list at the same time and sometimes they cry when they want something in the supermarket . it is a tough chore ! 
another point of view against shopping is a lack of the items that you really want . sometimes when you meet a nice dress and you think you are going to buy it tomorrow but when you come back it is sold out or there is no your size left . i cannot imagine anything worse . 
another argument against shopping is the lack of items that you really want . sometimes you see a nice dress and you think you are going to buy it tomorrow but when you come back it is sold or there is no in your size left isn't one left in your size . i cannot imagine anything worse . 
the other disadvantage is that you enjoy going shopping too much and pay everything buy credit card . when a bill comes to 1000 , you would be shocked and regret what you had done . 
the other disadvantage is that you enjoy going shopping too much and pay for everything you buy on your credit card . when the bill comes to 1000 , you will be shocked and regret what you have done . 
in conclusion , i believe that shopping is not always enjoyable if you accidently meet a bad situation or you can not control your expenditure carefully . 
in conclusion , i believe that shopping is not always enjoyable if you accidentally get into a bad situation or you cannot control your expenditure carefully . 
13 . 6 . 00
13 . 6 . 00
dear hellen , 
dear hellen , 
thank you very much for your letter that i received yesterday . i am very happy that i won the first prize in your competition - two weeks at camp california in usa . also i am pleased , that i don't have to pay any expenses . 
thank you very much for your letter , which i received yesterday . i am very happy that i won the first prize in your competition - two weeks at camp california in the usa . also i am pleased that i don't have to pay any expenses . 
i would like to travel end of july . in june i have other arrangements , such as my school exams and my birthday . it is convenient for me the last two weeks of july . after my school exams i will have time to prepare myself for the trip . 
i would like to travel at the end of july . in june i have other arrangements , such as my school exams and my birthday . the last two weeks of july are convenient for me . after my school exams i will have time to prepare myself for the trip . 
in your letter you are asking me to chose which accomodation i prefer . i would like very much to stay in tents . last year i stay in tents with some friends in england and i really enjoyed it . summer time the weather is good and i don't see any problem anywhere i will stay . 
in your letter you ask me to choose which type of accommodation i prefer . i would like very much to stay in a tent . last year i stayed in a tent with some friends in england and i really enjoyed it . summertime in summertime the weather is good and i don't see there being any problem with anywhere i stay . 
during my time in california , i would love to have the chance of some leisure activities such as swimming . it is my favourite sport . i am good and fast at swimming . another sport i love is basket ball . hopefull i will meet some other girls in the same sport . so we all play as a team . 
during my time in california , i would love to have the chance to do some leisure activities such as swimming . it is my favourite sport . i am good at swimming and fast . another sport i love is basketball . hopefully i will meet some other girls interested in the same sport . so we will all play as a team . 
my final question is this . can you let me know if there is any facilities for washing my clothes if not i will bring with me enough to last for two weeks . please give me a rough idea how much spending money i will need . 
my final question is this . can you let me know if there are any facilities for washing my clothes ? if not i will bring with me enough to last for two weeks . please give me a rough idea how much spending money i will need . 
please write soon
please write soon
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
shoping is not always enjoyable . 
shopping is not always enjoyable . 
as a housewife i have a good idea about it . once a week i go shopping . sometimes i go two days we all have to do our shopping . it is unavoidable sometimes it is pleasant , and sometimes it's not . 
as a housewife i have a good idea about it . once a week i go shopping . sometimes i go twice . we all have to do our shopping . it is unavoidable . sometimes it is pleasant , and sometimes it's not . 
i often shop with no problems , but on saturday is not the same . shops are so crowded and it takes long time to find what we want and what we need . also we got to face a long queue in order to pay . spending long hours shopping it is tiring for some people . i find it very tiring sometimes . 
i often shop with no problems , but on saturday it is not the same . the shops are so crowded and it takes a long time to find what we want and what we need . also we have to face a long queue in order to pay . it is tiring for some people to spend long hours shopping . i find it very tiring sometimes . 
shopping is not always enjoyable because we spend money . usually much more money we spend than we expect . we can't do anything about is . we have to face it - it has both sides . sometimes shopping is very enjoyable but not everyday . 
shopping is not always enjoyable because we spend money . usually we spend much more money than we expect . we can't do anything about it . we have to face it - it has both sides . sometimes shopping is very enjoyable but not every day . 
dear sir or madam
dear sir or madam
i have just received your letter . i was glad to know i had won first prize in the competition and i am writing to reply for the camp . 
i have just received your letter . i was glad to know i had won first prize in the competition and i am writing to reply about the camp . 
first of all , i would like to travel in july because i have to return to my university in the middle of august . 
first of all , i would like to travel in july because i have to return to my university in the middle of august . 
your another consideration was accommodation . i think it is more comfortable to stay in log cabins than in tents , so i would prefer log cabins . 
another consideration was accommodation . i think it is more comfortable to stay in log cabins than in tents , so i would prefer log cabins . 
according to your letter , i can choose two activities to do at the camp . i would like to choose painting which i have been doing for 12 years and tennis . however , i am not very good at playing tennis , so could you tell me if i can learn at the camp ? 
according to your letter , i can choose two activities to do at the camp . i would like to choose painting , which i have been doing for 12 years , and tennis . however , i am not very good at playing tennis , so could you tell me if i can learn at the camp ? 
please could you also let me know if i need to take special clothes with me ? 
please could you also let me know if i need to take special clothes with me ? 
i would be grateful if you phone me or send me a letter again at your earliest convenience . i look forward to the camp in the u . s . a . 
i would be grateful if you could phone me or send me a letter again at your earliest convenience . i look forward to the camp in the u . s . a . 
yours faithfully
yours faithfully
cry freedom
cry freedom
'cry freedom' is about the blacks and whites of south africa . the main characters of this book are stephen biko , a black leader , and donald woods who is a white newspaper editor . woods is thought to stand for all of white peope and this book could have an influence on them . 
'cry freedom' is about the blacks and whites of south africa . the main characters of this book are stephen biko , a black leader , and donald woods who is a white newspaper editor . woods is thought to stand for all white people and this book could have an influence on them . 
in the first part of this book it can be seen woods is not on the side of the blacks although he didn't approve of the government's attitude to them . in some ways , he did not agree with " black consciousness " which is biko's organization because it was too much against the whites . woods thought he knew the black society quite well and understood their ordeals , but after he had met biko and visited a black township , he realized he had been completely unaware of the way they had to live . the people and the circumstances he experienced in the black township were such a new world to him . finally he changed his ideas and started to work for the blacks using his skill as a journalist , in other words , he became an activist for the black people of south africa . 
in the first part of this book it can be seen that woods is not on the side of the blacks although he didn't approve of the government's attitude towards them . in some ways , he did not agree with " black consciousness " which is biko's organization because it was too much against the whites . woods thought he knew the black society quite well and understood their ordeals , but after he had met biko and visited a black township , he realized he had been completely unaware of the way they had to live . the people and the circumstances he experienced in the black township were such a new world to him . finally he changed his ideas and started to work for the blacks using his skill as a journalist . in other words , he became an activist for the black people of south africa . 
although biko was killed and woods himself was declared a banned person , i would dare to say their sacrifices were worthwhile because woods succeeded in escaping from south africa which would enable him to publish his book revealing the truth about south africa to the world . 
although biko was killed and woods himself was declared a banned person , i would dare to say their sacrifices were worthwhile because woods succeeded in escaping from south africa which would enable him to publish his book revealing the truth about south africa to the world . 
in short , cry freedom deserves to be recommended and once you read it , you will want to read it again . most of all , this book will make you think about the prejudice you have . 
in short , cry freedom deserves to be recommended and once you read it , you will want to read it again . most of all , this book will make you think about the prejudice you have . 
dear mr. ryan , i am writing to you , in reply for your letter . firstly , i would like to travel in july , because it is summer season , and it is nice weather to enjoy in california . secondly , i would prefer my accomodation to be in log cabins , because i am alergic to some insects that might go in the tent . in regard to the activities , i would like tennis , because i have some experience playing , and my spin and volley are very good , and painting , because i have some techniques , that i would like to put on practise . lastly , i would like to know if i need to bring any special clothes , and where can i change my money to american dollars cheaper . i would ask for your prompt reply , so i can start organizing myself . thanking you , yours sincerely , carmen dolores rossell
dear mr. ryan , i am writing to you in reply to your letter . firstly , i would like to travel in july , because it is summer , and there will be nice weather to enjoy in california . secondly , i would prefer my accommodation to stay in a log cabin , because i am allergic to some insects that might get in a tent . as regards the activities , i would enjoy tennis , because i have some experience playing , and my spin and volley are very good , and painting , because i have learnt some techniques that i would like to put into practice . lastly , i would like to know if i need to bring any special clothes , and where i can change my money to american dollars cheaply . i would like to ask for your prompt reply , so i can start organizing myself . thanking you , yours sincerely , carmen dolores rossell
dear kim , 
dear kim , 
i hope you are doing fine , i am writing this letter , to tell you about my experience of helping a pop concert . 
i hope you are doing fine . i am writing this letter to tell you about my experience helping organise a pop concert . 
firstly , you need to know , and be counscious of what you are doing . i spend two weeks preparing all the stage , speakers , background , michrophones , everything with all the staff , and every night , the artists came to rehearsal their show , i could see how they really improved , and how nice they were with the staff . the day of the concert , everyone , including the artists and managers were nervous and were tired , however , when the concert started , we saw that all our efforts were worthy , the crow and artists thanked the staff . 
firstly , you need to know , and be conscious of what you are doing . i spent two weeks preparing the stage , speakers , backdrop , microphones , everything , with all the staff , and every night the artists came to rehearse their show . i could see how they really improved , and how nice they were with the staff . the day of the concert , everyone , including the artists and managers were nervous and were tired . however , when the concert started , we saw that all our efforts had been worthwhile . the crew and artists thanked the staff . 
what i personally liked the most was all our teamwork . i could see the staff , managers , artists and even the director , all like a big team , working together . that was what made it mostly special . try it , i recommend it . 
what i personally liked the most was all our teamwork . i could see the staff , managers , artists and even the director , all as a big team , working together . that was what made it really special . try it , i recommend it . 
write back soon , 
write back soon , 
love , 
love , 
carmen dolores rossell . 
carmen dolores rossell . 
dear helen , 
dear helen , 
i am writing to answer your letter , which i have recieved yesterday . first of all , i would like to thank you for accepting me and i am very appreciate that all costs are paid for . i could travel only in july because my exam will be finished in the beginning of that month and it would be great if i could set off my journey on 15th july . 
i am writing to answer your letter , which i have received received yesterday . first of all , i would like to thank you for accepting me and i am very appreciative that all expenses are paid . i can travel only in july because my exams will be finished at the beginning of that month and it would be great if i could set off on my journey on 15th july . 
i would prefer to stay in log cabins because the weather is going to be rainy according to the forecast . therefore , i have chosen golf and tennis from the list . i have been playing them for more than 3 years in which i have been trained , 3 years for tennis , 1 year for golf by the professional coaches . i'm enjoy playing both of them regularly . 
i would prefer to stay in log cabins because the weather is going to be rainy , according to the forecast . therefore , i have chosen golf and tennis from the list . i have been playing them for more than 3 years , during which i have been trained , 3 years for tennis , 1 year for golf , by professional coaches . i enjoy playing both of them regularly . 
in addition , it would be nice if you could send me an address which i am going to stay , so that i can keep in touch with my friends and family . finally , thank you again for everything and i am looking forward to accompanying you soon . 
in addition , it would be nice if you could send me the address at which i am going to stay , so that i can keep in touch with my friends and family . finally , thank you again for everything and i am looking forward to accompanying you soon . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
" shopping is not always enjoyable " . i think this statement is true . in my opinion , shopping is not suitable for children whose age is under 18 ! this is quite a strong opinion , but i know it from my real-life experiences of shopping . 
" shopping is not always enjoyable " . i think this statement is true . in my opinion , shopping is not suitable for children whose ages are under 18 ! this is quite a strong opinion , but i know it from my real-life experiences of shopping . 
when i was 15 , i was starting to look for new clothes , shoes , and everything i could find now unneccessary . 
when i was 15 , i was starting to look for new clothes , shoes , and everything i would find now unnecessary . 
i'm not dare to culculate how much i have spent for those things without thinking . however , it was not bad , my mom always told me that i hadn't have earned enough money so that i shouldn't have spent it in the wrong way . 
i would not dare to calculate how much i have spent on those things without thinking . however , it was not bad . my mum always told me that i hadn't earned enough money so i shouldn't have spent it in the wrong way . 
therefore , people who is over 18 can think of more reasons than young children for shopping and buying such tempting objects . to sum up , shopping is not a wrong thing to do as long as you can earn money yourself and know what you are spending it for ! 
therefore , people who are over 18 can think of more reasons than young children can for shopping and buying such tempting objects . to sum up , shopping is not a bad thing to do as long as you can earn money yourself and know why you are spending it ! 
dear sir , 
dear sir , 
i am writing to you in reply to your letter . 
i am writing to you in reply to your letter . 
first of all i want to give you the thanks for this prize . i am very excited because i have never won a prize . i have never been in the usa , so i think that this travel will be an unforgetable experience . 
first of all , i want to thank you for this prize . i am very excited because i have never won a prize . i have never been to the usa , so i think that this trip will be an unforgettable experience . 
secondly , i will like to tell you that i can only travel in july because in june i have to take my final exams at school . in august i have to be in madrid because i am going to work as a trainee in a travel agency . after august i must return to school , so i can only go to california in july . 
secondly , i would like to tell you that i can only travel in july because in june i have to take my final exams at school . in august i have to be in madrid because i am going to work as a trainee in a travel agency . after august i must return to school , so i can only go to california in july . 
i would prefer to stay in a tent because i like very much the nature and camping , so i think that i will be better in a tent than in a log cabin . 
i would prefer to stay in a tent because i like very much nature nature very much , and camping , so i think that i will be better in a tent than in a log cabin . 
although all the activities that you mention are very interesting , i prefer swimming and tennis . i think that i am very good in swimming . i won a local competition when i was seventeen . i am not so good in tennis because i began to play only two years ago . finally , i would like to ask you how the weather will be in july and which kind of clothes i have to wear . furthermore , i would like to know the money that i have to take and which amount of money is normally spent in the camp . i look foward to receiving your reply . 
although all the activities that you mention are very interesting , i prefer swimming and tennis . i think that i am very good at swimming . i won a local competition when i was seventeen . i am not so good at tennis because i began to play only two years ago . finally , i would like to ask you how the weather will be in july and what kind of clothes i have to wear . furthermore , i would like to know the money i have to take and what amount of money is normally spent in the camp . i look forward to receiving your reply . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
silvia torroja . 
silvia torroja . 
in my opinion the statement 'shopping is not always enjoyable' is totally true . 
in my opinion the statement 'shopping is not always enjoyable' is totally true . 
an argument in favour of this statement is that shopping is very tiring . you can be walking for hours and finally you can't find anything that you like . 
an argument in favour of this statement is that shopping is very tiring . you can be walking for hours and finally you can't find anything that you like . 
also , you can spend hours trying to decide between a wonderful blue trousers or a beautiful black dress , for example . 
also , you can spend hours trying to decide between a wonderful blue pair of trousers or a beautiful black dress , for example . 
i think that shopping is even more boring when you go with a friend and you have to give her some advice . it can be a very stressful situation because in some moments you don't know what to say . 
i think that shopping is even more boring when you go with a friend and you have to give her some advice . it can be a very stressful situation because sometimes you don't know what to say . 
in my opinion shopping could be a 'dangerous' activity because you may spend more money in some clothes that you can afford . i know people who are overdrawn because of shopping . despite shopping is boring i think that it is necessary because it is important for people to have several clothes and also suitable clothes for a very important meeting or appointment . 
in my opinion shopping could be a 'dangerous' activity because you may spend more money on some clothes than you can afford . i know people who are overdrawn because of shopping . despite shopping being boring , i think that it is necessary because it is important for people to have several items of clothing and also suitable clothes for a very important meeting or appointment . 
so , shopping is not enjoyable , but necessary . 
so , shopping is not enjoyable , but necessary . 
dear madam , 
dear madam , 
i am very happy to have won first prize in your competition and want to thank you for that very interesting competition . 
i am very happy to have won first prize in your competition and want to thank you for that very interesting competition . 
i am only available in july because i am studying in an engineering school and i'll work until the end of june . but no problem for july ! 
i am only available in july because i am studying at an engineering school and i'll work until the end of june . but no problem for july ! 
you asked me which accommodation i would prefer between tent and log cabin . i am used to spend summer holiday in tent and i like it , but why not try log cabin ? but it doesn't matter if there is no log cabin available . . . now let's speak about the most interesting activity: sport . i would be very pleased if i could practice tennis and surfing . in fact , i soon practice tennis and i am quiet good at , and it will the occasion to train myself surfing is completely unknown for me and i hope that i will like it . but if i don't try it i will never know if i like it or not ! 
you asked me which type of accommodation i would prefer between a tent and a log cabin . i am used to spending summer holidays in a tent and i like it , but why not try a log cabin ? but it doesn't matter if there is no log cabin available . . . now let's speak about the most interesting activity: sport . i would be very pleased if i could practise do tennis and surfing . in fact , i soon practise play tennis and i am quite good at it , and it will be an opportunity to train . surfing is completely new to me and i hope that i will like it . but if i don't try it i will never know if i like it or not ! 
finally , i wanted to know if i need money and how many , and if there is a dry cleaning . 
finally , i want to know if i need any money and how much , and if there is a dry cleaners . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours faithfully
yours faithfully
anis lacoste
anis lacoste
we know all what shopping is . sometimes it is necessary and sometimes not and overall it is not always enjoyable . 
we all know what shopping is . sometimes it is necessary and sometimes not and overall it is not always enjoyable . 
when you got to the supermarket because you want a particular thing and have driven a long time only for that , you look for it but there is no more of it . you think that shopping is not enjoyable at all . 
when you go to the supermarket because you want a particular thing and have driven a long time only for that , you look for it but it's not there anymore , you think that shopping is not enjoyable at all . 
sometimes it is necessary but you spend four or five hours in the supermarket because there is too much people . you don't like shopping but you must go shopping to eat ! 
sometimes it is necessary but you spend four or five hours in the supermarket because there are too many people . you don't like shopping but you must go shopping to eat ! 
but sometimes you go shopping for pleasure and you have all your time ( the girls know what it is ) . finally , when it's for pleasure shopping is enjoyable , but most of time it isn't enjoyable ! 
but sometimes you go shopping for pleasure and you have all your time ( the girls know what it is ) . finally , when it's for pleasure shopping is enjoyable , but most of the time it isn't enjoyable ! 
to conclude , if you don't want to go to the supermarket to spend four hours there , send your girlfriend and it will be more enjoyable ! 
to conclude , if you don't want to go to the supermarket to spend four hours there , send your girlfriend and it will be more enjoyable ! 
dear mrs . ryan , 
dear mrs . ryan , 
first of all , i would like to thank you for this prize and the fact that you wrote me asking for my preferences about the camp . 
first of all , i would like to thank you for this prize and the fact that you wrote to me asking for my preferences about the camp . 
about the information you needed , i have to tell you that i can only go in july , because of work reasons . once there , i would prefer staying in tents , because that is a way to remember my childhood as a boyscout and go against the routine . 
regarding the information you need , i have to tell you that i can only go in july , for work reasons . once there , i would prefer staying in a tent , because that is a way to remember my childhood as a boy scout and get a break from the routine . 
from the list of activities you sent me , i stay with the , from my point of view , most relaxing activities available: painting and photography . one of my hobbies is the photography , so i think i am rather good at it , but i will take painting only to learn , because i am not very talentive at it . 
from the list of activities you sent me , i have chosen what are the , from my point of view , most relaxing activities available: painting and photography . one of my hobbies is photography , so i think i am rather good at it , but i will take painting to learn , because i am not very talented at it . 
i also would like to know if i have to take money and what kind of clothes are suitable for that location . please reply soon . 
i also would like to know if i have to take any money and what kind of clothes are suitable for that location . please reply me soon . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
david brian
david brian
dear kim , 
dear kim , 
you are not going to believe what i am about to tell you ! a couple of months ago , i was told that britney spears was coming to perform in our city . when i knew this , i managed to get a job as one of the kids that prepares the stage during the concert . i was really excited . 
you are not going to believe what i am about to tell you ! a couple of months ago , i was told that britney spears was coming to perform in our city . when i knew this , i managed to get a job as one of the kids that prepare the stage before the concert . i was really excited . 
the day of the show i worked so hard that i couldn't see the spectacle . and i didn't even got paid . but it was worthy . i found my reward when the concert finished . after been carrying stuff like lights , microphones , wires and some other equipment for about three hours , i was eshausted . but when britney came out of the stage , she passed by me , saw my tired face and invited me to her personal changing room . we talked for about half an hour and when she said goodbye she gave me a kiss . i won't forget that moment ever . write me soon to tell me your impression about what happened to me . bye . 
the day of the show i worked so hard that i couldn't see the show . and i didn't even get paid . but it was worth it . i got my reward when the concert finished . after carrying stuff like lights , microphones , wires and some other equipment for about three hours , i was exhausted . but when britney came off the stage , she passed by me , saw my tired face and invited me into her personal dressing room . we talked for about half an hour and when she said goodbye she gave me a kiss . i won't forget that moment ever . write to me soon to tell me your thoughts about what happened to me . bye . 
with love
with love
david brian
david brian
dear helen , 
dear helen , 
i have received your letter this morning and i'm very happy for this first prize . 
i received your letter this morning and i'm very happy about winning first prize . 
it's a great opportunity for me participate in your camp california because normaly i work a lot and i can't spend money to travel , moreover , i have to maintain my big family because i'm married and i have three children . 
it's a great opportunity for me to participate in your camp california because normally i work a lot and i can't spend money on travel . moreover , i have to support a big family because i'm married and i have three children . 
i would like to travel in july because before i have to work with my father because he's ill . 
i would like to travel in july because before then i have to work with my father because he's ill . 
for de accommodation i prefer a long cabin because it's more comfortable . i recognise that i would like to sleep in a tent but in this moment i have a little problem with my right leg and it's better for me to sleep in a bed . 
for the accommodation i would prefer a log cabin because it'll be more comfortable . i know that i would like to sleep in a tent but at this moment i have a little problem with my right leg and it's better for me to sleep in a bed . 
i know that i have the chance to do two activities during this time . i have to choose painting and the photography therefore . i would prefer surfing or climbing but i have to think in my helth . 
i know that i have the chance to do two activities during this time . i have to choose painting and photography therefore . i would prefer surfing or climbing but i have to think of my health . 
in your letter you explain me that all accommodation and travel costs are paid for but i need to know if the life in camp california is expensive or not because i have to bring money . the weather i hope will be good so i suppose i have to bring short clothes . 
in your letter you explain that all accommodation and travel costs are paid for but i need to know if the life on camp california is expensive or not because i have to bring money . i hope the weather will be good so i suppose i have to bring short clothes . 
i'm very enthousiastic and i attend your answer as soon is possible . 
i'm very enthusiastic and i wait for your answer as soon is possible . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
in our society the money is one of the most important aspect to have power . 
in our society money is one of the most important aspect to have power . 
if we thing about , we will realise that we need money all the day . not only for the basic needs but also for the rest of the activities . 
if we think about it , we will realise that we need money all day . not only for the basic needs but also for the rest of our activities . 
there are a lot of people who spend a lot of money because they like shopping . sometimes , they have to buy something that they need but frequently , they buy only to spend money . this is a big problem because a lot of families haven't money , however spend going shopping . 
there are a lot of people who spend a lot of money because they like shopping . sometimes , they have to buy something that they need but , frequently , they buy things only to spend money . this is a big problem because a lot of families don't have money to spend going shopping . 
we have to teach to our children the value of the money , to explain the difficulties to earn money in a job , because we have to work eight , nine or ten hours a day , for example . it's a first step to educate the youngest and to help our society . 
we have to teach our children the value of money , to explain the difficulties of earning money in a job , because we have to work eight , nine or ten hours a day , for example . educating the youngest is a first step and helps our society . 
the money is important but we have to know how to spend it: shopping is not always enjoyable . 
money is important but we have to know how to spend it: shopping is not always enjoyable . 
dear . . . 
dear . . . 
thanks for your letter . i am very happy that i have received the first prize in your competition . 
thanks for your letter . i am very happy that i have won the first prize in your competition . 
i am looking forward my holy day begins on first of july to twenty-first july so it is possible to take the travell in this time . i like to sleep in a tent under the free sky since i have done the military-service therfore i would prefer a tent as my accomodation . my favourite activity are swimming and singing . it is important for my health that i swim an hour a week because i am overwight . i like to singing a song when i am alone . singing is good for my emotion . also i choose singing and swimming as my activity . i am a beginner in swimming and also in singing . 
i am looking forward to my holiday , which begins on the first of july lasting until twenty-first july , so it is possible travel to travel at this time . i like to sleep in a tent under the open sky since i have done military service , therefore i would prefer a tent as my accommodation . my favourite activities are swimming and singing . it is important for my health that i swim an hour a week because i am overweight . i like to sing a song when i am alone . singing is good for my emotion . so i choose singing and swimming as my activities . i am a beginner at swimming and also at singing . 
can you say me which cloths i take away for two weeks . which kind of weather have you in this time . 
can you tell me what clothes i should take with me for which two weeks . what kind of weather do you have at this time of year ? 
do i need a lot of money etc . for different excursions 
do i need a lot of money etc . for the different excursions ? 
thanks for your answer . 
thanks for your answer . 
your sincerely
yours sincerely
shopping is not always enjoyable
shopping is not always enjoyable
what does means the world " shopping " ? i live and i need different goods for survive . i need material for drinking and eating , that is the basic fact that i must go shopping for food . 
what does it mean , the word " shopping " ? i live and i need different products to survive . i need things to drink and eat . that is the basic fact that means i must go shopping for food . 
it is not enjoyable to see that the prize for food are going more and more higher . my salary are going lower than lower . when i have enough money the price isn't important , then i can buy a lot of goods whitout take care on my money . despite i have enough money shopping is not always enjoyable too , because i don't know which goods i will buy in the future . also i will buy goods which i don't need . 
it is not enjoyable to see that the price of food is going higher and higher . my salary is getting lower and lower . when i have enough money the price isn't important , then i can buy a lot of things without considering my money . despite having enough money , shopping is not always enjoyable , because i don't know which things i will buy in the future . also i will buy things which i don't need . 
there are many goods which quality is bad in this way the environment pollution will be more and more increase . 
there are many products the quality of which is bad and because of this the environmental pollution will increase more and more . 
this is the fact that shopping is not enjoyable . 
it is a fact that shopping is not enjoyable . 
dear helen ryan: thank you for letting me know about my prize to camp california in the usa . here i will answear all the questions that you ask me , and i will ask you other things that you dind't mention . i'll like to organize my trip in july because is when i have vacations , also because is summer time in u . s . a , about acomodation at camp i'll prefer tents , because it's a new expirence for me and i'll like to sleep in tents to have a great time at my new adventure . in my free time i like to play golf and swim , so i think that i'm good playing golf . i play every saturday and sunday after that , i usually go to the pool because i love swimming , i think that those sports i will like to practice at the camp . helen i will like to ask you how many money we have to take to the camp ? what kind of cloth we have take ? thank you very much for your colaboration . sincerely teresa reina
dear helen ryan: thank you for letting me know about my prize trip to camp california in the usa . here i will answer all the questions that you asked me , and i will ask you about other things that you didn't mention . i'd like to organize my trip for july because that is when i have vacations , also because it is summertime in the u . s . a . about accommodation at camp i'd prefer a tent , because it's a new experience for me and i'd like to sleep in a tent to have a great time while having a new adventure . in my free time i like to play golf and swim , so i think that i'm good at playing golf . i play every saturday and sunday and , after that , i usually go to the pool because i love swimming . i think that those are the sports i would like to practise do at the camp . helen , i would like to ask you how much money we have to take to the camp ? what kind of clothing do we have take ? thank you very much for your collaboration cooperation . yours sincerely teresa reina
shopping is not always enjoyable
shopping is not always enjoyable
most of the time when we go to the shopping center we have a lot of fun , we go to stores to see cloth , we also eat something like ice cream or french fries , but not all the time shopping is enjoyable . 
most of the time when we go to the shopping centre we have a lot of fun . we go to stores to look at clothing , we also eat something like ice cream or french fries , but is not enjoyable all the time . 
sometimes when we go shopping with someone who is not a good company , we usually don't have a great time , or when we know what we want to buy , but when we get to the store they don't have what we want , in that moment we neat to shop also when is an important day like father's day or christmas every where we want to go and buy something is very crowd so we can't find what we are looking for with calm because everybody is pushing you to the other place that you want to go 
sometimes when we go shopping with someone who is not good company , we don't have a great time , or when we know what we want to buy , but when we get to the store they don't have what we want , in that instance we need to shop also when is an important day like father's day or christmas everywhere we want to go and buy something it is very crowded so we can't find what we are looking for calmly because everybody is pushing you in the other direction to the one you want 
in that cases is when we don't enjoy shopping because we can't find what we are looking for and we have a bad time in the shopping center . 
in that case in that instance we don't enjoy shopping because we can't find what we are looking for and we have a bad time in the shopping centre . 
dear mrs . ryan . 
dear mrs . ryan , 
i'm glad to receive your letter . i'm very happy to know that i have won the first prize . it will be great to spend two weeks at camp california . first of all , i would like to say that the only month available from me to travel is july . i finish my classes on the 25th of june and august is for going with my parents to france . this has been scheduled 3 months ago . 
i'm glad to receive your letter . i'm very happy to know that i have won the first prize . it will be great to spend two weeks at camp california . first of all , i would like to say that the only month available for me to travel is july . i finish my classes on the 25th of june and august is reserved for going with my parents to france . this was scheduled 3 months ago . 
about accommodation , i would prefer the log cabins because i think they are more cleaner than the tents . while i'm stayin there i would like to practise tennis and basketball , as i have been playing both sports all my life , and i have to say that i am very good at both . 
about accommodation , i would prefer the log cabins because i think they are cleaner than the tents . while i'm staying there i would like to practise tennis and basketball , as i have been playing both sports all my life , and i have to say that i am very good at both . 
there is one question i would like to ask you about the camp . i would like to know if there are any washing machines or a place to wash our clothes . 
there is one question i would like to ask you about the camp . i would like to know if there are any washing machines or a place to wash our clothes . 
i hope this letter contains all the information you need from me . i look forward to hearing from you . 
i hope this letter contains all the information you need from me . i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
from my point of view , the real question is: who said that is enjoyable ? maybe for women , but not for me . i know that this sounds horrible , but sometimes it's what really happens . for men , sometimes is hard to go shopping with their partners . sometimes that means a complete tour around all the fashion shops in town . and of course , we are not allowed to stop in a place that we like . the sports shop . you cannot lose the time because all the other shops could be closed when you arrive . and that is allways what we want . that's men's intention . 
from my point of view , the real question is: who said that is enjoyable ? maybe for women , but not for me . i know that this sounds horrible , but sometimes it's what really happens . for men , sometimes it is hard to go shopping with their partners . sometimes that means a complete tour around all the fashion shops in town . and of course , we are not allowed to stop in a place that we like , the sports shop . you cannot waste time because all the other shops could be closed when you arrive . and that is always what we want . that's men's intention . 
another point is to go a big area . specially week-ends . everyone pushing a trolley and crashing around . people should have to take a license to drive those things . someone could be injured . and of course , the time to pay . a huge que that lasts half an hour or more and finishes with you completely freaked out . in conclusion , for me to go shopping is not enjoyable at all . 
another point is to go to a big area . especially , especially at weekends . everyone pushing a trolley and crashing around . people should have to get a licence to drive those things . someone could be injured . and of course , the time to pay . a huge queue that lasts half an hour or more and finishes with you completely freaked out . in conclusion , for me , to go shopping is not enjoyable at all . 
dear sir/madam
dear sir/madam
first of all i would like to say thanks for your letter and your care about your customers . i was absolutely threaled to resive news about my win in a competition . 
first of all i would like to say thanks for your letter and your concern about your customers . i was absolutely thrilled to receive the news about my winning a competition . 
your letter contains few questions about detailes of my holiday which i would like to clarify for you . the first is time . i am only able to go on holiday in july , because the other time i have college , which i can't be missed . 
your letter contains a few questions about the details of my holiday which i would like to answer for you . the first is about time . i am only able to go on holiday in july , because for the rest of the time i have college , which i can't miss . 
the second is accommodation . i old rather prefer stay in log cabins than live in tents . i don't like night cold and moscitos . 
the second is accommodation . i would rather stay in log cabins than live in tents . i don't like nights cold cold nights and mosquitoes . 
i so glad , that i will get chance to do activities in the camp . i play basketball and at tennis . i quite good at tennis . what about basketball is . i played in school team , and was one of the best players by the end of this season . 
i am so glad that i will get a chance to do activities in the camp . i play basketball and tennis . i am quite good at tennis . what about basketball is . i played in the school team , and was one of the best players by the end of this season . 
there is one more thing which i would like to know about . it is clothes and money . should i have any special , if yes what kind of wear it is . and of course there will be expenses . can you inform me how much money should i have and can i have some information about prices to visit local places of interests . 
there is one more thing which i would like to know about . it is regarding clothes and money . should i have any special clothes ? if yes what kind of clothing it is . and of course there will be expenses . can you inform me how much money i should have and can i have some information about prices of visiting local places of interest . 
at the end i would like ones more to say thanks for your letter and i look forward to hearing from you by post with all detailes about holiday . 
finally i would like once more to say thanks for your letter and i look forward to hearing from you by post with all the details about the holiday . 
yours faithfyly 
yours faithfully 
i hate shopping but in the other hand sometimes you can have fun at it . in my opinion , it dependes on your mood , your financial ability , off course where you are going to do shopping and what you are going to buy . 
i hate shopping but on the other hand sometimes you can have fun doing it . in my opinion , it depends on your mood , your financial situation , of course , where you are going to go shopping and what you are going to buy . 
usualy people don't have time for shopping . you've just finished your long hours at work , you tide , you had row with your boss but you are still going to do shopping . and what you have . there are huge queus to tills , noise , hussle , poor custumer service . you've got more stress , you feel fed up and finaly when you got home you think that shopping is not that enjoyable as you thought . 
usually people don't have time for shopping . you've just finished your long hours at work , you are tired , you had a row with your boss but you are still going to go shopping . and what do you have ? there are huge queues to the tills , noise , hassle , poor customer service . you've got more stress , you feel fed up and finally when you get home you think that shopping is not as enjoyable as you thought . 
for example a lot of people do not like to do shopping in big stores . it takes hours to buy something . there are so many varaity of products , different prices , different quality . you should walk miles around store to find what you wanted . yes , there is big plus for big store of course . you can find everything in one place , instead of small shops which is specialised on one product . and people spend all weekends walking around shopping cities and high streets in trills to buy something . 
for example , a lot of people do not like to go shopping in big stores . it takes hours to buy something . there are so many variety varieties of products , different prices , different qualities . you will have to walk miles around the store to find what you want . yes , there is a big plus with a big store of course . you can find everything in one place , in contrast to the small shops which are specialised specialise in one product . and people spend all weekend walking around shopping centres and high streets in trills to buy something . 
nower days tecnical progress gets close to us , to usual custumers . internet is one of the issue at this problem . without any hussle , seating in your chear in front of your computer you in second can get in at any shop who has internet site , most of the big companies have it , get all information about product , get cheaper price and buy it . 
nowadays technical progress gets close to us , to normal customers . the internet is one of the issues solutions to this problem . without any hassle , sitting in your chair in front of your computer , you in a second in a second you can get to any shop that has an internet site - most of the big companies have one - get all the information about the product , get a cheaper price and buy it . 
dear ryan
dear ryan
thank you for your letter and i am very pleased to hear from you about my winning of the competition . i am writing to inform you my preferences and ask a few questions about the camping . 
thank you for your letter and i am very pleased to hear from you about my winning the competition . i am writing to inform you of my preferences and ask a few questions about the camping . 
first of all , i would like to travel in july because i can apply my holiday only in july . i have discussed it with my boss but he allowed me to go on a holiday only in july . and about accommodation , i would like to stay in a tent . i know that staying in a log cabin is more convinient but i just want to feel wilder experience . while i am at the camp , i would like to enjoy swimming and photography . it will be a wonderful experience to swim in a lake and i can relax and enjoy fresh air . photography is one of my hobbies so i want to take nice photos in the camp area as many as i can . 
first of all , i would like to travel in july because i can take my holiday only only take my holiday in july . i have discussed it with my boss but he allowed me to go on a holiday only in july . and about accommodation , i would like to stay in a tent . i know that staying in a log cabin is more convenient but i just want to have a wilder experience . while i am at the camp , i would like to take part in swimming and photography . it will be a wonderful experience to swim in a lake and i can relax and enjoy the fresh air . photography is one of my hobbies so i want to take as many nice photos as i can in the camp area . 
i would like to know about the weather in the camp area because i don't know what kinds of clothes i have to bring . and i want to know how much money i have to carry for personnal expences . i also want to know if i can have a time for shopping . 
i would like to know about the weather in the camp area because i don't know what kinds of clothes i have to bring . and i want to know how much money i have to bring for personal expenses . i also want to know if i can have time for shopping . 
thank you for your kindness and i look forward to your reply . 
thank you for your kindness and i look forward to your reply . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
clark . 
clark . 
dear helen , 
dear helen , 
i have just received your letter which made me so happy and i am writing to apply your questions . 
i have just received your letter which made me so happy . i am writing to reply to your questions . 
first of all , i can travel only july because my son's school is going to finish at the end of june , so it is impossible for me to travel during on june . apart from that i work in an international tourism agency and august is the busiest month of the year so july is the best choice for me . 
first of all , i can travel only in july because my son's school is going to finish at the end of june , so it is impossible for me to travel during june . apart from that , i work in an international tourism agency and august is the busiest month of the year , so july is the best choice for me . 
i would rather stay in tents because i used to go camping when i was a teenager with my family . i have always loved camping . 
i would rather stay in a tent because i used to go camping when i was a teenager with my family . i have always loved camping . 
my favourite hobby is photography and i think i am very good at it . i have been taking photographs since i was 17 . i took some lessons and after that i have really improved it . beside this , i am very good at playing basketball . i used to play in high school's team . 
my favourite hobby is photography and i think i am very good at it . i have been taking photographs since i was 17 . i took some lessons and after that i really improved . besides this , i am very good at playing basketball . i used to play in the high school team . 
also , i have some questions . i have never been to california before so i have no idea about the climate . could you please give me some information about it and what kind of clothes should i bring for my holiday . besides , i really would like to know , approxiametely how much money should i take with me ? is it an expensive city ? 
also , i have some questions . i have never been to california before so i have no idea about the climate . could you please give me some information about it and what kind of clothes i should bring for my holiday . besides , i really would like to know approximately how much money i should take with me . is it an expensive city ? 
i hope all those information will help you . 
i hope all this information will help you . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
dear kim , 
dear kim , 
i am so sorry that i couldn't write you last week . as you know , i was very busy and excited about a pop concert which i worked as a director's assistant during the last week . 
i am so sorry that i couldn't write to you last week . as you know , i was very busy and excited about a pop concert which i worked at as a director's assistant during the last week . 
first of all , it was a very successful concert and probably you have heard the singer's name before who is called tina . 
first of all , it was a very successful concert and probably you have heard the singer's name before , she is called tina . 
as a director's assistant my job was arrangement of the audience's seats and tickets . all seats were brought from a sponsor company . everyday i worked for two hours in a shop to sale tickets . it was quite enjoyable because everyday i met different people who like listening the pop music so we had lots of things to talk about . i also helped the singer's some special demands which weren't so difficult to do . she was very nice and friendly . 
as a director's assistant , my job was the organisation of the audience's seats and tickets . all seats were brought from a sponsor company . every day i worked for two hours in a shop to sell selling tickets . it was quite enjoyable because every day i met different people who like listening to pop music so we had lots of things to talk about . i also helped with the singer's some special requests some special requests of the singer which weren't so difficult to arrange . she was very nice and friendly . 
at the concert night , i worked as well . 
on the night of the concert , i worked as well . 
after the concert i was absolutely exhausted but the thing is i will never forget this experience . i met lots of people who were very famous . the best thing was of course tina . we promised each other to keep in touch and she has invited me her next concert ! 
after the concert , i was absolutely exhausted but the thing is i will never forget this experience . i met lots of people who were very famous . the best thing was of course meeting tina . we promised each other to keep in touch and she has invited me to her next concert ! 
so , my news are finished . write me back soon . 
so , my news is finished that's all my news . write back soon . 
love from , 
love from , 
dear helen 
dear helen , 
thank you for my prize ! i never been in the usa and i should be glad to spend two weeks at camp california . 
thank you for my prize ! i have never been to the usa and i should be glad to spend two weeks at camp california . 
i can only have some holidays in july from the 3rd to the 17th with my husband at the same time , that is why i would like to travel during those two weeks . 
i can only have some holiday in july from the 3rd to the 17th with my husband at the same time . that is why i would like to travel during those two weeks . 
for the accommodation i would prefer to have tents because i used to travel in campsites and i love it during summer , just to change the customs ! ! 
for the accommodation i would prefer to have a tent because i am used to travelling staying on campsites and i love it during summer , just to change the customs ! ! 
concerning those activities i have choosen two of them . i enjoy swimming and anytime i have opportunities to swim i go . my second activity is painting because i love art and art history and i think that is better to join one sport and one " soft leisure " and i do not really want to involve myself in a new activity that i don't know for my holidays . 
concerning the activities , i have chosen two of them . i enjoy swimming and any time i have the opportunity to swim i go . my second activity is painting because i love art and art history and i think that it is better to do one sport and one " soft leisure " and i do not really want to involve myself in a new activity that i am unfamiliar with during my holidays . 
please could you tell me about the weather if i need special clothes and about the money for the change if you don't mind . see you soon ! 
please could you tell me about the weather , if i need special clothes and about how to change my money , if you don't mind ? see you soon ! 
yours sincerely 
yours sincerely , 
" shopping is not always enjoyable " " shopping today ! " you decide to go in town or during holidays to move in a " shopping destination " , that is mean that you need something special for you or someone else . you have the money and the time as you want . that's why it should be a great day ! save some money to go for shopping in paris or roma and see how is the french or italian fashion on yourself ! and after that you can make a stop in the duty-free and buy some chipper souvenirs . singapoor and many places in asia are famous for the shopping , and it is really nice to go there with money to buy that you always wanted to . but even if shopping can means dream it can be boring sometimes . if you have no money and a friend ask you to come for shopping , it should be boring ! and you become jealous against him and want him to do that quickly ! or you are going to get nervous ! and you can find too much people in shops , it is too hot or you can not have your right size or the right colour or flavour -- - then you get angry ! or you decide to not spend money in shopping today , but in front of the shop . what is going on ? ? 
" shopping is not always enjoyable " " shopping today ! " if you decide to go in town or during holidays to move in a " shopping destination " , that means that you need something special for yourself or someone else . you have the money and the time that you want . that's why it should be a great day ! save some money to go shopping in paris or roma and see how the french or italian fashion looks on you ! and after that you can visit the duty-free shops and buy some cheap souvenirs . singapoor and many places in asia are famous for the shopping , and it is really nice to go there with enough money to buy what you always wanted to . but even if shopping can means dream it can be boring sometimes . if you have no money and a friend asks you to go shopping , it should be boring ! and you may become jealous of him and want him to do it quickly ! or you may get irritable ! and you can find that there are too many people in the shops , it is too hot or you cannot get the right size or the right colour or flavour -- - then you get angry ! or you decide not to spend the money shopping today , but in front of the shop . what is going on ? ? 
so , you'd better to stay home today . . . 
so , you'd better stay at home today . . . 
dear helen ryan
dear helen ryan
i am very happy and excited because i have won first prize in our competition . it is a pleasure for me . i am writing to enquire you about some doubts and to give information that you need about me . 
i am very happy and excited because i have won first prize in your competition . it is a pleasure for me . i am writing to enquire about some doubts and to give the information that you need about me . 
i have been working hard here in portugal and i will be on holiday just in next july . because of it i believe it is the best date for travel you asked me about accommodations or camp california . i would prefer to stay in tents because i suppose i will have more contact with natural things than in log cabins . 
i have been working hard here in portugal and i will be on holiday just next july . because of this i believe this is the best time for me to travel you asked me about accommodation at camp california . i would prefer to stay in a tent because i suppose i will have more contact with natural things than in a log cabin . 
another question that you asked me was about two activities i will have the chance to do there . i would love play tennis and basketball that i've been playing for six years . about tennis , i just started to play last year and i need to increase my technique too much . 
another question that you asked me was about two activities i will have the chance to do there . i would love to play tennis and basketball , which i've been playing for six years . about tennis , i just started to play last year and i need to improve my technique a lot . 
i would like to know something about money and clothes . are they inclued in the prize ? how much money i can spent during this time ? i'd prefere if you give me this information as soon as you can . 
i would like to know something about money and clothes . are they included in the prize ? how much money can i spend during this time ? i'd prefer it if you gave me this information as soon as you can . 
i am look forward to hearing from you
i am looking forward to hearing from you
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
rui veloso
rui veloso
dear kim , 
dear kim , 
i am very happy with your letter that i received last week . i'm too excited and i have to tell you about a fantastic experience that i had last month . 
i am very happy with your letter that i received last week . i'm really excited and i have to tell you about a fantastic experience that i had last month . 
i suppose you know about " portugal pop concert " that happened here in rio de mouro last month , aren't you ? 
i suppose you know about the " portugal pop concert " that happened here in rio de mouro last month , don't you ? 
it was a marvellous concert and there were about 100 , 000 people there . i worked as a receptionist in the vip room and i needed to look very happy during all time , what wasn't very difficult . you will can't believe how many famous people i known . i met madonna and could talk with her for ten minutes . it was a dream and she was amazing with me . 
it was a marvellous concert and there were about 100 , 000 people there . i worked as a receptionist in the vip room and i needed to look very happy all the time , which wasn't very difficult . you won't believe how many famous people i knew met . i met madonna and could talk with her for ten minutes . it was a dream and she was amazing with me . 
i didn't tell you , but i helped in this concert just by a chance . a friend of me gave up one week before and asked me if i would like to go in his place . i said " yes " and i am sure it was the best decision of my life . 
i didn't tell you , but i helped at this concert just by chance . a friend of mine gave up one week before and asked me if i would like to go in his place . i said " yes " and i am sure it was the best decision of my life . 
of course i was very tired at the end of five days because of some stressed situations . however , these days were unforgatable to me . 
of course i was very tired at the end of five days because of some stressful situations . however , those days were unforgettable for me . 
hope to hearing from you soon
hope to hear from you soon
with best wishes , 
with best wishes , 
rui
rui
dear mr. /mrs:
dear mr. /mrs:
i have just received your letter in which you inform that i won first prize of two weeks at camp california . i am very excited about it ! 
i have just received your letter in which you inform me that i won the first prize of two weeks at camp california . i am very excited about it ! 
i would like to travel on july , since i am studying and that is the only month i have for vacation . fortunately , i have heard that weather is beautiful in california during that month . i'd rather sleep in tents because i want to enjoy this wild experience ! i will take my sleeping bag with me , just in case . 
i would like to travel in july , since i am studying and that is the only month i have on vacation . fortunately , i have heard that the weather is beautiful in california during that month . i'd rather sleep in a tent because i want to enjoy this wild experience ! i will take my sleeping bag with me , just in case . 
i would love to participate in the singing and photography activities . singing is something i have enjoyed since i was a little child . in fact , i took some singing lessons . i am not very good at photography but i want to make an album to share it with my family when i come home . 
i would love to participate in the singing and photography activities . singing is something i have enjoyed since i was a little child . in fact , i took some singing lessons . i am not very good at photography but i want to make an album to share it with my family when i come home . 
could you please tell me what kind of clothes do you recommend for the camping ? how much money will i need ? is it better to take cash or a credit card ? 
could you please tell me what kind of clothes you recommend for camping ? how much money will i need ? is it better to take cash or a credit card ? 
thanks for your attention . 
thanks for your attention . 
cordially yours , 
cordially yours , 
shopping is not always enjoyable
shopping is not always enjoyable
the best way to go shopping is when you think in advance what you really want to buy and you know how much money you estimate to spend . if people would think about it before going shopping , they would not have a headache when they go home and realize they did not want what they bought . 
the best way to go shopping is to think in advance about what you really want to buy and you know how much money you estimate to spend . if people would think about it before going shopping , they would not have a headache when they go home and realize they did not want what they bought . 
shopping can be an awful adventure when people want to buy all their presents the day before christmas , for example . there is no way to find good prices ! shops are crowded , items are of bad quality and people are buying without thinking . 
shopping can be an awful adventure when people want to buy all their presents the day before christmas , for example . there is no way to find good prices ! shops are crowded , items are of bad quality and people are buying without thinking . 
the worst time to go shopping is when people feel under stress or when they feel unsatisfied in their personal lives . it may seem relaxing at the beginning , but if they take their credit cards with them , the stress will increase when they have to pay for the bills ! ! 
the worst time to go shopping is when people feel under pressure or when they feel unsatisfied in their personal lives . it may seem relaxing at the beginning , but if they take their credit cards with them , the stress will increase when they have to pay the bills ! ! 
recommendations ? 
recommendations ? 
wait for a sunny day , take a look into your wardrobe , some money , ask a friend to go with you , and enjoy an exciting shopping ! 
wait for a sunny day , take a look at your wardrobe , some money , ask a friend to go with you , and enjoy an exciting shopping trip ! 
13 of june 2000
13 of june 2000
dear helen ryan:
dear helen ryan:
i will be very happy to travel on july because in that date i am going to have my holidays , so i will not have to ask permition from my work . at the same time , on july is my birthday , so it would be nice to celebrated there . 
i will be very happy to travel in july because in that month i am going to have my holidays , so i will not have to ask permission from my boss . at the same time , in july is my birthday my birthday is in july , so it would be nice to celebrate it there . 
i will prefer to have my accomodation in a tent , couse in that way i can feel more clouse to the nature , and i can remember when i was a scout girl . sleeping in tent is much more exiting and clousy than a log cabin . 
i would prefer to stay in a tent , because in that way i can feel more close closer to nature , and i can remember when i was a girl scout . sleeping in a tent is much more exciting and clousy than in a log cabin . 
at the camp i will like to choose two activities , painting and singing , i love painting , in the university i studied art for two years , but now i don't have much time to paint couse i work in a bank and i have a baby . so i will be very happy to improve my art in the camp . the reason of my option for singing is couse i feel embarrest about my voice , so maybe i could get it better . 
at the camp i would like to choose two activities , painting and singing . i love painting . in . at university i studied art for two years , but now i don't have much time to paint because i work in a bank and i have a baby . so i will be very happy to improve my art at the camp . the reason for my choice of singing is because that i feel embarrassed about my voice , so maybe i could improve it . 
i will like to have more information about the prices of the clothes and souvenires . 
i would like to have more information about the prices of the clothes and souvenirs . 
thankeaw for givin me this oportunity . 
thank you for giving me this opportunity . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
dear kim:
dear kim:
you are never going to believe what i did last month i was walking with my sister in oxford circus , when sudently a man stop us saying that he was looking for people to help in a concert and they was going to pay us five pounds an hour . we sed yes inmidiatly , i nearly shouted of happines when they told us that , luis miguel was doing the concert , he is my favorite singer . 
you are never going to believe what i did last month . i was walking with my sister in oxford circus , when suddenly a man stopped us saying that he was looking for people to help at a concert and they were going to pay us five pounds an hour . we said yes immediately . i nearly shouted with happiness when they told us that luis miguel was giving the concert . he is my favourite singer . 
the concert was on a sunday and we had to work on the back of the stadge , doing all sorts of things like colecting rubish and helping other people that was working there . we was so close to him , i didn't have the chance to talk with him but i don't mind , i will never forget that day . since then , me and my sister talk about luis miguel every day . 
the concert was on a sunday and we had to work at the back of the stage , doing all sorts of things like collecting rubbish and helping other people who were working there . we were so close to him . i didn't have the chance to talk with him but i don't mind . i will never forget that day . since then , i and my sister talk about luis miguel every day . 
i hop you write me soon to tall me youre opinion . 
i hope you write to me soon to tell me your opinion . 
lots of love
lots of love
dear mrs ryan , 
dear mrs ryan , 
thanks for your letter . i have reading the letter and i was very surprised that i have won the first prize . 
thanks for your letter . i have read the letter and i was very surprised that i have won the first prize . 
about the time when i like to travel is only july , because in the summer is it very busy at work . people where i working with they are going on holiday in juni and august . so hey need me at work in that months . 
about the time when i want to travel it can only be in july , because in the summer it is very busy at work . people whom i work with are going on holiday in june and august . so they need me at work in those months . 
further the accomodation i prefer at camp california is the log cabin . because , at first when i was a little child we were staying every holiday in a small house and i like that . at second , i don't like tents and i don't get used to it , so i prefer log cabins . 
also , the accommodation i would prefer at camp california is the log cabin , because first when i was a little child we stayed in a small house every holiday and i like that . second , i don't like tents and i can't get used to them , so i prefer log cabins . 
about the different activities we like them all , but if i choose two i take sailing and tennis . in the summer i'm sailing races almost every weekend and i have my own sailing clothes . i'm not very good in tennis but i can practise on my travel . 
about the different activities , we like them all , but if i have to choose two i opt for sailing and tennis . in the summer i'm sailing in races almost every weekend and i have my own sailing clothes . i'm not very good at tennis but i can practise on my trip . 
finally , i have one question about the money . which things i must paid for on my travel ? 
finally , i have one question about the money . what things must i pay for on my trip ? 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
dear kim , 
dear kim , 
thanks for your letter . how are you ? with me is everything fine and the pop concert was great . 
thanks for your letter . how are you ? everything is fine with me and the pop concert was great . 
i enjoyed helping at the popconcert , but it's very stressful work . you always walk from side to side to move things and there's no break . some other work what i have done was to lead the people to there places . we have worked the whole day and luckily at least we had some food . 
i enjoyed helping at the pop concert , but it's very stressful work . you always walk from side to side moving things and there's no break . some other work that i did was to lead the people to their places . we worked the whole day and luckily at least we had some food . 
the most beautiful things were that we saw famous singers and i spoke with robbie williams . he's friendly and very handsome off course . if you see the famous singers in reality they are different and the most singers they haven't time for you . 
the best things were that we saw famous singers and i spoke with robbie williams . he's friendly and very handsome of course . if you see the famous singers in the flesh they are different and most singers haven't any time for you . 
another thing i have done was the make up only for about fifteen minutes . that was very nice , because i didn't expected that . there were some people they gave me some advise to clean the face and etc . 
another thing i did was the make-up but only for about fifteen minutes . that was very nice , because i didn't expect that . there were some people who gave me some advice about cleaning the face etc . 
finally , it was a very nice day with great experience . 
finally , it was a very nice day and a great experience . 
loves 
love 
dear helen ryan
dear helen ryan
i am writing to inform you about your question . at first , i would like to go travel on july , because before them i don't have time to travel . i have to finish my study . 
i am writing to inform you about your question . firstly , i would like to travel in july , because before then i don't have time to travel . i have to finish my studies . 
secondly , i want to stay in log cabin . i think it is more convenient than in tents . 
secondly , i want to stay in a log cabin . i think it is more convenient than in tents . 
and i would like to have a chance about painting and photography . i am not so fit and well condition , so i don't like to do activitily . however , to draw some beautiful sceanary and to take some picture are very good experience for me . i hope so much . 
and i would like to have a chance to do painting and photography . i am not so fit and healthy , so i don't like to do activity exercise . however , drawing some beautiful scenery and taking some pictures would be a very good experience for me . i hope so very much . 
thank you for your invitation . 
thank you for your invitation . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
shopping is not always enjoyable . 
shopping is not always enjoyable . 
do you like the shopping ? generally many women would like the shopping include me . even the young girl wants to go shopping with mum . however , whenever you go shopping , are you usually satisfied with your choice and do you always enjoy the shopping ? perhaps you have an experience unpleased . 
do you like shopping ? generally many women like shopping , including me . even the young girl wants to go shopping with mum . however , whenever you go shopping , are you usually satisfied with your choice and do you always enjoy shopping ? perhaps you have an experience unpleasant unpleasant experience . 
you could go shopping for some rest to the high street or a department store . then you could find the cheapest good and in that case , you probably buy it needlessly . moreover you bought something then you could find it is a little bit expensive than the other shop . both cases are often happened in shopping . 
you could go shopping for some rest to the high street or a department store . then you could find the cheapest goods and in that case , you probably buy it needlessly . moreover if you bought something then you could find it is a little bit more expensive than the other shop . both cases often happen with shopping . 
if you don't want to regret about shopping , you have to make a shopping list firstly before going shopping . then you should check the price and the quality of the good . 
if you don't want to regret shopping , you have to make a shopping list first before going shopping . then you should check the price and the quality of the goods . 
if you remember these two things at least , you could enjoy the shopping . one more thing i recommend you is to leave your credit card at home if you are going only a window shopping . 
if you remember these two things at least , you could enjoy the shopping . one more thing i recommend you is to leave your credit card at home if you are only going window shopping . 
bernard moreau
bernard moreau
place de la madeleine
place de la madeleine
87022 paris
87022 paris
competition organiser
competition organiser
helen ryan
helen ryan
dear mrs . ryan , 
dear mrs . ryan , 
you have sent me a letter about the competition first prize i have won . you asked me about some further information . 
you have sent me a letter about the competition and the first prize i have won . you asked me for some further information . 
first , i'd like to travel on july at any time from the first to the 30st because of my vacation period . i'd rather have a few days at the beginning of july to prepare me . 
first , i'd like to travel in july at any time from the first to the 30th because of my vacation period . i'd rather have a few days at the beginning of july to prepare myself . 
second , i'd prefer have a log cabin where i could let some stuff . 
second , i'd prefer to have a log cabin where i could store some things . 
finaly , i'd like to practice tennis and to try climbing . is there any ability required ? 
finally , i'd like to practise play tennis and to try climbing . is any ability required ? 
could you send me a note about travelling in california which could help me ? 
could you send me a note about travelling in california which could help me ? 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
bernard moreau
bernard moreau
the old man and the sea
the old man and the sea
this book stays one of the best american litterature book . it is classified as one of the ten books that should figure in your own library . but it is also the most famous short story from ernest hemingway . based on a very simple story , the story of an old man fishing , it allows a deep reflexion about oldness . 
this book remains one of the best in american literature . it is classed as one of the ten books that should be in your own library . but it is also the most famous short story by ernest hemingway . based on a very simple story , the story of an old man fishing , it is a deep reflection on age . 
a veteran fisher takes his boat and goes fishing to convine himself and other mans that he is still able to do that . then , hemingway paints a marvellous description of fishing act and of the great fight between the fish and the old man . the 24-hour fight is described in a so peacful , faithful way that it callas a though about life and death . i recommand this book a lot both to discover hemingway and american litterature . 
a veteran fisherman takes his boat and goes fishing to convince himself and other men that he is still able to do it . then , hemingway paints a marvellous description of fishing and of the great fight between the fish and the old man . the 24-hour fight is described in such a peaceful , faithful way that it callas a though about life and death . i recommend this book as a way to discover both hemingway and american literature . 
dear mrs . ryan
dear mrs . ryan
before answering your letter ( which i have just recieved ) about the prize of the competition i recently won , i'd like to tell you thank you very much for giving me the chance of gong to the usa . it is just a dream come true ! 
before answering your letter ( which i have just received ) about the prize for the competition i recently won , i'd like to say thank you very much for giving me the chance of going to the usa . it is just a dream come true ! 
i have been asked to say when i would like travel . there's only one month for that: july ( as i am working all the year round and i am not available to leave my job ) . 
i have been asked to say when i would like to travel . there's only one month for that: july ( as i am working all the year round and i am not available to leave my job ) . 
about the accomodation ; i rekon i would prefer to be in a log cabin instead of a tent , since it is more comfortable . 
about the accommodation , i reckon think i would prefer to be in a log cabin instead of a tent , since it is more comfortable . 
during my two week sat camp california , i'd like to practice climbing and surfing , whose basics i know perfectly well . 
during my two weeks at camp california , i'd like to practise climbing and surfing , of which the basics the basics of which i know perfectly well . 
i am quite good at both because i do usually practice them . furthermore , i love to go through such sports ! 
i am quite good at both because i do usually practise them . furthermore , i love to do such sports ! 
in addition to this , i would like to know the ammount of money i should bring , as well as the kind of clothes that i could need and the sort of people that i will find there . 
in addition to this , i would like to know the amount of money i should bring , as well as the kind of clothes that i could need and the sort of people that i will find there . 
don't hesitate to contact me if there's any problem , and thank you very much again . 
don't hesitate to contact me if there's any problem , and thank you very much again . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
bola
bola
hi kim ! 
hi kim ! 
how are you ? 
how are you ? 
it has been so long since i wrote to you for last time . . . 
it has been so long since i wrote to you last time . . . 
hey , guess what: i gave a hand to a friend at a pop concert ! 
hey , guess what: i helped a friend at a pop concert ! 
it was great , and i got my entrance for free ! 
it was great , and i got my ticket for free ! 
it happened by chance: i was walking down the street when i bumped into jane , my old friend , who asked me if i wanted to join her and a couple of mates to help at the concert . 
it happened by chance: i was walking down the street when i bumped into jane , my old friend , who asked me if i wanted to join her and a couple of mates to help at the concert . 
i agreed unwillingly , as i couldn't imagine how a pop concert looked like . . . but when i came in i changed my mind ! 
i agreed unwillingly , as i couldn't imagine what a pop concert was would be like . . . but when i went in i changed my mind ! 
none of the groups were known nowadays , but i belive they are well on their way to becoming famous bands . 
none of the groups are known at the moment , but i believe they are well on their way to becoming famous bands . 
my tasks were serving drinks and some other stuff , and stay there after the concert to clean everything . this was the best part because when everyone was gone , billy joel arrived to give his support to the beginers ! ! ! what was a fella like that doing in such a place ? i couldn't belive my very eyes . . . jane took a photograph of us toghether . i'll send you a copy as soon as i can . 
my tasks were serving drinks and some other stuff , and staying there after the concert to clean everything . this was the best part because when everyone was gone , billy joel arrived to give his support to the beginners ! ! ! what was a guy like that doing in such a place ? i couldn't believe my eyes . . . jane took a photograph of us together . i'll send you a copy as soon as i can . 
lots of kisses from
lots of kisses from
bola
bola
xxx
xxx
mrs ryan
dear mrs ryan
when i received your letter , i was very surprised and happy because i don't remember that i did this competition . 
when i received your letter , i was very surprised and happy because i don't remember entered entering this competition . 
first i can travel only in july because , i will finish school at the end of june and i will pass my exam in septemeber ; so i have to repeat it a lot during the month of august . 
first i can travel only in july because i will finish school at the end of june and i will sit my exam in september ; so i have to revise for it a lot during the month of august . 
to answer your second question , i choose the accomodation in tents because i like to sleep outside . 
to answer your second question , i choose the accommodation to sleep in a tent because i like to sleep outside . 
for the activities , i choose the golf and the surfing ( that wasn't easy to decide which activities i will do , cause almost choice interested me ) 
for the activities , i choose the golf and the surfing ( it wasn't easy to decide which activities i will do , because almost every choice interested me ) . 
i tried the golf twice , i'm really bad but i hope to do much progress . 
i have tried golf twice . i'm really bad but i hope to make much progress quickly . 
i never did surfing , but every time i see surfing on television i find this magic . 
i never tried have never tried surfing , but every time i see surfing on television i find it magical . 
i have just two questions . 
i have just two questions . 
can i wash any clothes there ? 
can i wash any clothes there ? 
how many money will i have to take with me ? 
how much money will i have to take with me ? 
please phone me to answer my two questions . 
please phone me to answer my two questions . 
thanks for all 
thanks for everything 
mar
mar
hello kim
hello kim
i'm sorry i can only write now because last week i have too much work . 
i'm sorry i can only write now because last week i had too much work . 
as you asked me i will tell you about the pop concert of last month . 
as you asked me i will tell you about the pop concert last month . 
with my friend miko we looked for a little job during a week-end and one evening we met a guy who wanted to buy some drinks in the pop concert and so we told him that we were agree to help him at the bar . 
with my friend miko i looked for a little job weekend a little weekend job and one evening we met a guy who wanted to sell drinks at the pop concert and so we told him that we agreed to help him at the bar . 
it was a wonderful week-end : we were opposite to the singers and we have seen every concert without buying any tickets entry ! ( we were include in the staff of the concert ) 
it was a wonderful weekend : we were opposite the singers and we saw every concert without buying any tickets ! ( we were part of the staff of the concert . ) 
at the end we have 1200 . - of benefice and each us take 400 . - for himself
at the end we had 1200 in profit and each of us took 400 for himself
i particulary like seeing all this people , and i meet a lot of new friend there . 
i particularly liked seeing all those people , and i met a lot of new friends there . 
for next year we search for a new barwoman . 
for next year we are searching for a new barwoman . 
write to me soon and tell me if you want to join us for 2001 . 
write to me soon and tell me if you want to join us for 2001 . 
love mar
love mar
. i would like to travel only july because i would be in schools holydays and the weather is hot and the sea's temperature is less cold than in winter . i would like to travel in july to be sure it would not rain during the trip which is boring ? ! and when the sun is shining you are relax and you feel good . 
. i would like to travel only in july because i would be on school holidays then and the weather is hot and the sea's temperature is less cold than in winter . i would like to travel in july to be sure it would not rain during the trip , which would be annoying ? ! and when the sun is shining you are relaxed and you feel good . 
. i would prefer tents to sleep at camp california because it is fun to sleep in tents to compare in a house . you are in communication with the nature and you can hear the insects . and we only need to sleep and not to cook or watch t . v . . . it is very nice to stay in tents wich are strong and confortable . 
. i would prefer a tent to sleep in at camp california because it is fun to sleep in tents and to compare it to sleeping in a house . you are in communication with nature and you can hear the insects . and we only need to sleep and not to cook or watch t . v . . . it is very nice to stay in tents which are strong and comfortable . 
. from the list below , the two activities i will choose are tennis and sailing . tennis because i play tennis and i am classed 15-5 . i like very much tennis because it is a technical and physical sport . and you need strategie to win the match . it is nice to play tennis outside in the court when the weather is hot . but you can't play if there is too much wind , the ball becomes incontrolable ! 
. from the list below , the two activities i will choose are tennis and sailing . tennis because i play tennis and i am classed 15-5 . i like very much tennis tennis very much because it is a technical and physical sport . and you need a strategy to win the match . it is nice to play tennis outside on the court when the weather is hot . but you can't play if there is too much wind , because the ball becomes uncontrollable ! 
windsurfing because i pratise it for a long time . you can do it alone . i like windsurfing because it is a sport of speed and slide like skiing , surfing . you need technics to move the windsurf . you must know how to use the wind and you have great sensations ! 
windsurfing because i practise do have done it for a long time . you can do it alone . i like windsurfing because it is a sport of speed and slide like skiing and surfing . you need techniques to control the surfboard . you must know how to use the wind and you have great sensations ! 
i would like to ask you questions: must i take with me my clothes ? 
i would like to ask you questions: must i take my clothes with me ? 
is there a washing machine at camp california ? 
is there a washing machine at camp california ? 
do i need some money to pay the meals ! 
do i need some money to pay for the meals ! 
you have recently had a class discussion about shopping . now your english teacher has asked you to write a composition , giving your opinions on : " shopping is not always enjoyable " 
you have recently had a class discussion about shopping . now your english teacher has asked you to write a composition giving your opinions on the statement : " shopping is not always enjoyable " 
in fact , shopping is not always enjoyable because sometimes you want to buy articles but you don't have enough money ! 
in fact , shopping is not always enjoyable because sometimes you want to buy things but you don't have enough money ! 
you don't find anything interesting in the shop . 
you don't find anything interesting in the shop . 
you can hesitate to choose an article . which is the best article to take ? the seller can be not very nice and watch you all the time . you don't find your size or the good color in the article . the article can be too expensive . 
you can hesitate before choosing an item . which is the best thing to get ? the shop assistant can be not very nice and watch you all the time . you don't find your size or the right color in the item the item in your size or the right colour . the item can be too expensive . 
it looks fragil and it could break easily . 
it looks fragile and it could break easily . 
your must test several shops and compare the price , the quality of the articles . so you must walk all the day or go by car . and the weather must be fine if you walk in the town . 
you must try several shops and compare the price and the quality of the items . so you must walk all day or go by car . and the weather must be fine if you walk in town . 
shopping is not always enjoyable if there is a lot of people in the shops because you can't move and choose the article and be cool ! 
shopping is not always enjoyable if there are a lot of people in the shops because you can't move or find the article and stay cool ! 
dear madam , 
dear madam , 
i am very glad that i have won first prize in your competition and i can go to the united states . it has always been my dream to go there and to be able to see that beautifull country . now my dream will come true . 
i am very glad that i have won first prize in your competition and i can go to the united states . it has always been my dream to go there and to be able to see that beautiful country . now my dream will come true . 
i will try to give you some information about me . the best time to travel for me is july because i am working and only then i can have holidays . i would be pleased if it is possible . 
i will try to give you some information about me . the best time to travel for me is july because i am working and only then can i have holidays . i would be pleased if it is possible . 
about accommodation , i would prefer a tent because i have never slept in the tent and i would like to try it . it will be very interesting for me because normaly i have not a lot of time to do activities . i would prefer swimming because i very like it and i am trying to swim anywhen i have got some time , and painting because i have finished painting course and i have some practice with this . 
about accommodation , i would prefer a tent because i have never slept in a tent and i would like to try it . it will be very interesting for me because normally i do not have a lot of time to do activities . i would prefer swimming because i really like it and i am trying to swim whenever i have got some time , and painting because i have finished a painting course and i have some practice with this . 
that is very nice that every costs are paited for but i would like to ask you how much money i should to take with me because i do not now anything about prizes in the u . s . a . and please to tell me if i need anything to paint because it would be difficult to take it with me , so if i will need to take everything i will just change this activite . 
that is very nice that all costs are paid for but i would like to ask you how much money i should take with me because i do not know anything about prizes in the u . s . a . and please tell me if i need anything to paint because it would be difficult to take it with me , so if i will need to take everything i will just change this activity . 
thank you for the letter and i am looking forward an answer . 
thank you for the letter and i am looking forward to an answer . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
hallo kim , 
hallo kim , 
thank you for answer on my last letter , i hope your sister's health is better than on last time and she is all right . 
thank you for answering my last letter , i hope your sister's health is better than last time and she is all right . 
my life is a little bit changed after that concert on last month . i will try to explain you why . 
my life is a little bit changed after that concert last month . i will try to explain to you why . 
as you now i was helping to make every decorations before and during the concert . it was realy wonderfull new experience for me . i have never before met so many people and i didn't now that is so hard to keep everything in order during the concert . now i now that everything need patient , time and hard work before someone will sing any record on scene . the people were wonderfull , they was helping each other with everything and it was a lot of easier to do . it is very nice feeling when you need help and is so many people which want to help you . i will never forget this concert and those people . it was good experience which i will never forget . i hope i will be able to do it again . 
as you know i was helping to make all the decorations before and during the concert . it was a really wonderful new experience for me . i have never before met so many people and i didn't now that is so hard to keep everything in order during a concert . now i know that everything needs patience , time and hard work before someone sings any record on stage . the people were wonderful , they were helping each other with everything and it was a lot easier to do . it is a very nice feeling when you need help and there are so many people who want to help you . i will never forget this concert and those people . it was good experience which i will never forget . i hope i will be able to do it again . 
dear helen ryan ! 
dear helen ryan ! 
this is just a note to confirme you , what i had recive your letter . 
this is just a note to confirm for you that i have receive received your letter . 
i am so happy to have won this first prize in your competition . i will be happy to be for two weeks at camp california in the u . s . a . 
i am so happy to have won the first prize in your competition . i will be happy to be for two weeks at camp california in the u . s . a . 
i am understud from your letter , what all accommodation and travel costs are paid for me , including transport to and from the airport . 
i am understood understand from your letter that all accommodation and travel costs are paid for me , including transport to and from the airport . 
to answer your questions , i would like to tell you , what my travel can be possible only on july , because i will have the cambrigge exam till 1 july . 
to answer your questions , i would like to tell you that i can only travel in july , because i will be studying for the cambridge exam till 1 july . 
would it be possible to have accomodation at camp california in a tent , because i didn't have chance to sleep into it . 
would it be possible to have accommodation at camp california in a tent , because i haven't had a chance to sleep in one . 
and would it be possible to do swimm and surf . i am very good swimming . i done it since i remeber me . in surf i am not good at all . i have been driming about this activitie since i had 10 years old . 
and would it be possible to do swim swimming and surfing . i am very good at swimming . i have been doing it since i remember me for as long as i can remember . at surfing i am not good at all . i have been dreaming about this activity since i was 10 years old . 
i would like to know about how many peopl will stay with me into the tent , and have a take with me special clothes for doing serf . 
i would like to know how many people will stay with me in the tent , and do i have to take with me any special clothes for surf surfing . 
i will contact you , if i will have more questions . 
i will contact you , if i have more questions . 
i look forward to beeing at camp california in the u . s . a . 
i look forward to being at camp california in the u . s . a . 
your faithfully 
yours sincerely 
shopping is not always enjoyable . 
shopping is not always enjoyable . 
i like shopping . i love to do shopping . but if only i have money ! ! ore some money . shopping can't be enjoyable if you don't have money to spend . it is better to stay at home and read a good book . 
i like shopping . i love to go shopping . but only if i have money ! ! or some money . shopping can't be enjoyable if you don't have money to spend . it is better to stay at home and read a good book . 
i'm thinking do shopping in the big spaise like harrodss it's not plesure . because it's crowding of people . i'd like to be in small boutiques , and i would rather go to shopping along and during the weekand time . because i don't like to give some advise it's can be willy boring . and go to shopping at the end of weekand it's not for me . i don't know what i can tell you more ? i'm sorry . drop me a line or give me a call if my writing will not so good for you . because i'll be out next week . and i'll mees your lessons . 
i think go going shopping in a big space like harrodss is not a pleasure , because it's crowded with people . i like to be in small boutiques , and i would rather go shopping along and during the weekend . because i don't like to give some advice it's can be really boring . and going shopping after the weekend is not for me . i don't know what more i can tell you . i'm sorry . drop me a line or give me a call if my writing is not so good for you because i'll be out next week . and i'll miss your lessons . 
madam , 
madam , 
i am sending you this reply with the informations that you need . 
i am sending you this reply with the information that you need . 
i would like to travel on july because i am a studant therefore i only have holidays in this part of the year . 
i would like to travel in july because i am a student so i only have holidays in this part of the year . 
about the acomodations i would like to stay in a log cabin because i am used to stay in it when i travel . 
about the accommodations accommodation , i would like to stay in a log cabin because i am used to staying in them when i travel . 
the activities that i want to do in the camp are basketball and surfing . basketball is the sport that i really like because i am very tall as well as i use to play it very well . on the other hand i don't know almost nothin about surf but i would like to learn and to practise the sport because i think it cool . 
the activities that i want to do at the camp are basketball and surfing . basketball is the sport that i really like because i am very tall and i used to play it very well . on the other hand i don't know almost nothing know almost nothing about surfing but i would like to learn and to do the sport because i think it is cool . 
there is one thing i would like to ask you . it's about how much money i will need to go out at night , to spend with food and this kind of thing . 
there is one thing i would like to ask you . it's about how much money i will need to go out at night , to spend on food and that kind of thing . 
yours sincerely 
yours sincerely 
adriano tudela
adriano tudela
shopping is not always enjoyable
shopping is not always enjoyable
there are people that loves going to the shopping . they live , work and only think about it . they are addicted in buying things . some doctors say that buy without control is a disease and i agree with them because i have a friend who is a compulsory buyer . he can't stop buying things , he spend all his money buying things that he sometimes don't use . i think this one bad side of shopping and many people have this problem . 
there are people that love going shopping . they live , work and only think about it . they are addicted to buying things . some doctors say that buying shopping without control is a disease and i agree with them because i have a friend who is a compulsive shopper . he can't stop buying things . he spends all his money buying things that he sometimes doesn't use . i think this is one bad side of shopping and many people have this problem . 
sometimes , shopping can be really bore especially in important dates when the shop are absolutaly crowded and you can't see somethings as you wanted with carefull . 
sometimes , shopping can be really boring , especially on important dates when the shops are absolutely crowded and you can't see anything you wanted with careful . 
mrs helen ryan
mrs helen ryan
competition organiser
competition organiser
usa
usa
13th june . 2000 
13th june , 2000 
dear mrs ryan , 
dear mrs ryan , 
i received your letter in this morning and thank you very much for your kind letter and chosing me . 
i received your letter this morning thank . thank you very much for your kind letter and for choosing me . 
i can only travel in july because i had already booked and fully paid for a middle-east holiday holiday middle east , from 25th of july till end of august . if you can arrange my departure time from 1st of july it should be convenience for me . 
i can only travel in july because i have already booked and fully paid for a middle east holiday holiday in the middle east , from 25th july till the end of august . if you can arrange my departure time for 1st of july it would be convenient for me . 
i would like to stay in tents because i had much great times in tents during my previous holidays , if it is suitable for you . 
i would like to stay in a tent , because i had many great times in tents during my previous holidays , if it can be arranged . 
i want to do this two activities while i am at the camp: sailing and photography . i have great experience for sailing . i used to work for a sailing company in turkey . and i have done certificate for using radio ( vhf ) . i have knowladge about navigation , engine , ropes and knots and sails as well . 
i want to do these two activities while i am at the camp: sailing and photography . i have great experience of sailing . i used to work for a sailing company in turkey . and i have a certificate in using a radio ( vhf ) . i have knowledge of navigation , engine , ropes and knots , and sails as well . 
my other passion is photography , especially i like black and white photography . i have a camera which is a called minolta x300 . that is a manual camera . i know to develop films and print them . 
my other passion is photography , i especially like black and white photography . i have a camera , it is a minolta x300 . it is a manual camera . i know how to develop films and print photographs . 
i have doubt about clothes , money and immigration rules of the usa . please could you write me how is the weather like there , what kind of clothes i need and how much money i should have . 
i am not sure about clothes , money and the immigration rules of the usa . please could you tell me what the weather is like there , what kind of clothes i need and how much money i should bring . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely . 
yours sincerely . 
shopping is not always enjoyable . 
shopping is not always enjoyable . 
i like shopping but i had a bad experience about my recent shopping . i went out for shopping and to get some ideas about new brand computers and products . first of all i went to a local shop but i couldn't find enough selection of products . 
i like shopping but i had a bad experience on a recent shopping trip . i went out to get some shopping and to get some ideas about new computers and products . first of all , i went to a local shop but they didn't have a big enough selection of products . 
then i visited another one , in cambridge street . it was very crowded , i could hardly walk in the shop . i decided to by a cd room driver for my old computer . when i approached to the cashier i suddenly noticed my wallet had gone . my money , travel card and credit card . it was a nightmare there were pickpokets in the shop . i went to the shop assistance but it was useless . 
then i visited another one , in cambridge street . it was very crowded , i could hardly move in the shop . i decided to buy a cd rom cd-rom drive for my old computer . when i approached the cashier i suddenly noticed my wallet had gone . my money , travel card and credit card had gone . it was a nightmare , there were pickpockets in the shop . i went to the shop's customer services but it was useless . 
as soon as possible i phoned to my bank for cancelation of my credit card but they had already used it . it costs me about 500 . this experience has changed my shopping habit , now i do all my shopping on the internet . but i'm not sure how it is safe . but you must be always award against to pickpokets . 
as soon as possible , i phoned my bank cancellation to cancel my credit card but they had already used it . it cost me about 500 . this experience has changed my shopping habits , now i do all my shopping on the internet . but i'm not sure whether it is safe . but you must always be on your guard against pickpockets . 
dear helen . 
dear helen , 
i have received your letter which is make me happy . the first time in my life i have won competition . i would like to attempt your invite in july . i only able to take my holidy in july , rest of the year i work . 
i have received your letter , which makes me happy . for the first time in my life i have won a competition . i would like to take you up on your invitation in july . i am only able to take my holiday in july , the . the rest of the year i work . 
i would prefer to stay in tent . i think it is more enjoyable . i don't know why but i have feel toward to tent from my childhood . when i was kid i used to ask my mum to buy me a tent for my bedroom to sleep in there instead of bed . 
i would prefer to stay in a tent . i think it is more enjoyable . i don't know why but i have feel toward to tent from my childhood . when i was a kid i used to ask my mum to buy me a tent for my bedroom so i would be able to sleep in there instead of my bed . 
i'm crayz about tennis and swimming . i used to take tennis and swimming lesson when i was high school . i have good talent and skill about them . most of the weekend i go for swiming and tennis . that is the fun for me to doing it . 
i'm crazy about tennis and swimming . i used to take tennis and swimming lessons when i was in high school . i have good talent and skill about them . most of the weekend i go swimming and play tennis . that is the fun for me to doing it . 
do i have to bring some cash on me ? do you think travel chaque would be more secure ? i also would like to get some information about weather . what does it like in july over there ? 
do i have to bring some cash with me ? do you think travel cheque cheques traveller's cheques would be more safe ? i would also like to get some information about the weather . what is it like in july over there ? 
your sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
shopping is part of our life . i don't like shopping . can you imagene friday night . most of the people get pay on friday night then they go to shopping . i can't stand on the long queue . all day you had worked hard , on the way home you want to pick up some milk from shop you have to waite on avarage ten minute . it is not good . your time have been stolen . i can't cope with that . i prefer go home without milk . there are a lot of tile in the shop but most of them are close . it is annoyed . 
shopping is part of our life . i don't like shopping . can you imagine friday night ? most people get paid on friday night then they go shopping . i can't stand in long queues . you have worked hard all day . on the way home you want to pick up some milk from the shop and you have to wait on average ten minute ten minutes on average . it is not good . your time has been stolen . i can't cope with that . i prefer to go home without any milk . there are a lot of till tills in the shop but most of them are closed . it is annoying . 
there are a lot of option and item make our chose difficut . it is hard to make decide which suitable for you . after shopping you have to carry havy bag long way to home
there are a lot of options and items to make our choice difficult . it is hard to decide which is best for you . after shopping you have to carry a heavy bag a long way home
13th june 2000
13th june 2000
dear mrs ryan , 
dear mrs ryan , 
thank you very much for your letter . i was really surprised and very happy when i read that i have won the first prize . first of all because i have never been to california and second because it's the first time i have ever won something . 
thank you very much for your letter . i was really surprised and very happy when i read that i have won the first prize , first of all because i have never been to california and second because it's the first time i have ever won something . 
the only time that is possible for me to travel is july , because i am working for a bank and this is the only month i can go on holiday . 
the only time that it is possible for me to travel is july , because i am working for a bank and this is the only month i can go on holiday . 
for my stay in california i would prefer the accommodation in tents because this gives me a feeling of freedom and adventure and it is quite different to my live here in greece . 
for my stay in california i would prefer the accommodation in tents because this gives me a feeling of freedom and adventure and it is quite different to my life here in greece . 
the activities i would like mot to do are climbing and surfing . in my free time i have climbed a lot of mountains in the surrounding area so i can say , that i am quite good in climbing . but i have never 'surfed' in my live , so that is an activity i have to learn . 
the activities i would like most to do to do most are climbing and surfing . in my free time i have climbed a lot of mountains in the surrounding area so i can say that i am quite good at climbing . but i have never 'surfed' in my life , so that is an activity i have to learn . 
last but not least there are some things i would like to know: what kind of wheather do you have in california ? is it very hot ? what kind of clothes should i bring with me ? 
last but not least there are some things i would like to know: what kind of weather do you have in california ? is it very hot ? what kind of clothes should i bring with me ? 
and what about money ? how much money should i take with me ? are there any activities which are not included ? and my last question: how many persons are going to stay in each tent . 
and what about money ? how much money should i take with me ? are there any activities which are not included ? and my last question: how many people are going to stay in each tent . 
i'm looking forward to hearing from you soon . 
i'm looking forward to hearing from you soon . 
yours sincerely 
yours sincerely , 
many people , especially women , love shopping . if you go to the centre of every big town you will see people walking from store to store searching for something to wear or to buy to eat . but shopping is not always enjoyable . 
many people , especially women , love shopping . if you go to the centre of any big town you will see people walking from store to store searching for something to wear or to buy to eat . but shopping is not always enjoyable . 
first of all because of the big variety in the store . very often you don't know what to buy because we don't have only three or four different sport shoes to choose from , not , we have to choose out of twenty or thirty such as nike , adidas or fila . 
first of all because of the great variety in the store , very often you don't know what to buy because we don't have only three or four different sports shoes to choose from , no , we have to choose out of twenty or thirty such as nike , adidas or fila . 
and very often you have to pay a lot of money for the product you want . 
and very often you have to pay a lot of money for the product you want . 
another cause is that shops and stores are often overcrowded . very often you can hardly move because of the crowds of people . 
another problem is that shops and stores are often overcrowded . very often you can hardly move because of the crowds of people . 
and many people are in a hurry , so don't wonder if other people have not tolerance and patience to wait and hit you with their shopping cars . 
and many people are in a hurry , so don't be surprised if other people do not have the tolerance and patience to wait and hit you with their shopping trolleys . 
of course there are a lot of other causes why shopping isn't always great fun , but the last cause , which is very important for me is that shopping is becoming more and more impersonal . that means that there are more and more big supermarkets and big stores , where noone has time for you to show you or explain things to you such as what kind of bicycle is the best for me , no one to talk to and noone to complaine . that is the most important reason why i only like to go shopping in little stores , where i have peace and quiet and very often nothing to complaine about . 
of course there are a lot of other reasons why shopping isn't always great fun , but the last reason , which is very important for me , is that shopping is becoming more and more impersonal . that means that there are more and more big supermarkets and big stores , where no one has time for you to help you or explain things to you such as what kind of bicycle is the best for you , no one to talk to and no one to complain to . that is the most important reason why i only like to go shopping in small stores , where i have peace and quiet and very often nothing to complain about . 
dear ms helen ryan , 
dear ms helen ryan , 
thank you very much for granting me the first prize - camping in california . i really look forward to it because i have never been to the u . s . a . before . 
thank you very much for awarding me the first prize - camping in california . i really look forward to it because i have never been to the u . s . a . before . 
i would like to have my two weeks with you in july , as it will be during my summer holiday in addition that it is said to be the best season there . i will join in the swimming group and the photography group . both of them are my hobbies , i have won some prizes in my school competition of them . therefore , i am quite confident about them . 
i would like to have my two weeks with you in july , as it will be during my summer holiday . in addition to that , it is said to be the best season there . i will join in with the swimming group and the photography group . both of them are my hobbies . i have won some prizes in my school competitions in them . therefore , i am quite confident about them . 
i would be grateful if you could put me into the tent side of accomodation because i have had all holidays with my parents in luxury hotels before . i would like to try it this time . as all the travel expenses are paid already , i would appreciate it if you could tell what kind of clothing also how much pocket money i need . 
i would be grateful if you could put me into the tent side of accommodation because i have had all my holidays with my parents in luxury hotels . i would like to try it this time . as all the travel expenses are paid already , i would appreciate it if you could tell me what kind of clothing and also how much pocket money i need . 
i look forward to hearing from you in due course . 
i look forward to hearing from you in due course . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
dear kim , 
dear kim , 
the concert i helped last week was the greatest experience i've ever had . 
the concert i helped at last week was the greatest experience i've ever had . 
i mainly gave them a hand in setting up the stage . you know , although i'm a pop music fan , i'd never had any idea how it was prepared for opening . first , they asked me to put those instruments on the stage . i left the hi-fi system on the left side ( it should be on the other side ) . before opening , the pop star found the mistake , otherwise it would be a disaster . 
i mainly gave them a hand in setting up the stage . you know , although i'm a pop music fan , i'd never had any idea how it was prepared for opening . first , they asked me to put those instruments on the stage . i left the hi-fi system on the left side ( it should have been on the other side ) . before his opening , the pop star noticed the mistake . otherwise it would have been a disaster . 
the performer , paul , is a big music name at the present . but i'd never met him before . this time , i saw him in person . i told him i loved his songs , he was very happy . then , we stroke a lovely conversation . afterwards , he gave his pen for my enthusiasm . 
the performer , paul , is a big name at the present . but i'd never seen him before . this time , i saw him in person . i told him i loved his songs . he was very happy . then , we have had a lovely conversation . afterwards , he gave me his pen for my enthusiasm . 
anyway , how are you ? write soon , tell me how you're getting on in your new job . 
anyway , how are you ? write soon . tell me how you're getting on in your new job . 
best wishes , 
best wishes , 
dear helen ryan , 
dear helen ryan , 
i am writing to you to thank you very much for the price you're giving me . this is the first time of my life that i won anything like that . when i recived your latter , i could not belive it . 
i am writing to you to thank you for the prize you're giving me . this is the first time in my life that i won anything like that . when i received your letter , i could not believe it . 
i am glad to replay your latter . unfortunatelly , i will be able to go only in july because the restaurant where i am working will be closed for this dates . 
i am glad to reply to your letter . unfortunately , i will only be able to go in july because the restaurant where i am working will be closed for that month . 
my last holiday in tend i had very bad experience , the mosquitos nearly killed me . i would prefer log cabins . 
on my last holiday in a tent i had a very bad experience , the mosquitoes nearly killed me . i would prefer a log cabin . 
with reference to the activities , i have never been climbing . i would like to try this sport . i am a lover of risk sports . i am really good singer . i am enjoying a lot with karaoke . 
with reference to the activities , i have never been climbing . i would like to try this sport . i am a lover of danger sports . i am a really good singer . i enjoy a lot with karaoke enjoy karaoke a lot . 
i am in doupt which kind of clothes i have to bring with me . and also ask you , how much money i have to take with me . 
i am in doubt as to what kind of clothes i have to bring with me . and may i also ask you how much money i have to take with me . 
please if you could help me with this i will be very glad . 
please , if you could help me with this i would be very glad . 
thank you one more time for everything . 
thank you one more time for everything . 
your sincerely
yours sincerely
hi kim , 
hi kim , 
you cannot imagine what i've been up to . i had the best expreience in my live . 
you cannot imagine what i've been up to . i had the best experience in my life . 
i've to relax myself to expleint to you this very well . 
i've to relax to explain to you this this to you very well . 
the company i work , works for los svaves , it's a very famous group from my country . can you guess whe they chossed for the work , " me " , yes me , i couldn't belived it . at the moment just i went just to one concert . 
the company i work for works for los svaves . it's a very famous group from my country . can you guess who they chose for the job , " me " , yes , me , i couldn't believe it . at the moment just i went just to one concert . 
my job basequily consisted in before and after the actuation , make everything ready . i've get used to do it very soon . 
my job basically was to , before and after the actuation , make everything ready . i got used to doing it very quickly . 
to be honnest the most exited part of all this was to know the group . the singer is very nice gay , as the rest of the group . 
to be honest the most excited exciting part of all this was getting to know the group . the singer is a very nice guy , as are the rest of the group . 
if this happen i'll write you to tell you more . 
if this happens again i'll write to you to tell you more . 
your friend
your friend
dear mrs helen ryan , 
dear mrs helen ryan , 
i was writting as reply of your letter , i am glad to have won the first prize in your competition for two weeks at camp california in the usa . 
i am writing in reply to your letter . i am glad to have won the first prize in your competition for two weeks at camp california in the usa . 
about the information that you need , i must tell you that i will be able to travel only in july becase i got a new job and i can't ask for more than one month holidays each year and on the other months i will be very busy becase my workmates will take holidays on these months . 
about the information that you need , i must tell you that i will be able to travel only in july because i have got a new job and i can't ask for more than one month of holidays each year and in the other months i will be very busy because my workmates will take holidays in these months . 
with the accomodation , i would prefered tents becase it is more according with a camp . and with the activities i must chose photography and painting becase i am not very good for sports and i think i am doing well in these things . 
regarding the accommodation , i would preferred prefer a tent because it is more appropriate to a camp . and regarding the activities , i must choose photography and painting because i am not very good at sports and i think i do well at these things . 
finally i just ask you what kind of clothes do i have to bring with me , and around how much money do you think i will need . thank you very much for everything . 
finally i just want to ask you what kind of clothes i have to bring with me , and approximately how much money do you think i will need ? thank you very much for everything . 
your sincerely
yours sincerely
juanita fabiola martin
juanita fabiola martin
31 sea old state
31 sea old state
valles co . cornel
valles co . cornel
wales
wales
13th june , 2000
13th june , 2000
dear kim , 
dear kim , 
here i am , writting you to tell everything about my wonderful experience at the concert . you can't imagine how much did i enjoy that journey . 
here i am , writing to you to tell you everything about my wonderful experience at the concert . you can't imagine how much i enjoyed that journey . 
i started early in the morning helping to carry the stuff from the trucks to the place where the band played , i help with the music stuff like speakers , mics , lights , sound , etc . and later the band arrived and played two or three times before the concert started . and i was helping them fixing the last details . 
i started early in the morning , helping to carry stuff from the trucks to the place where the band played . i helped with the musical stuff like speakers , mics , lights , sound equipment , etc . and later the band arrived and played two or three times before the concert started . and i helped them fix the last details . 
when the concert started i was preparing some drinks for the band because when the concert finished they were very tired and tersty . 
when the concert started , i was preparing some drinks for the band because after the concert they would be very tired and thirsty . 
after the concert i only help with tidy up the place and made sure that everything was under control and clean . later the band was talking to me , i could get their new album free , and some other souvenirs from the band . 
after the concert i only helped tidy up the place and made sure that everything was under control and clean . later the band was talking to me , i could get their new album free , and some other souvenirs from the band . 
but the thing that particulary liked me was that i could do all kind of things just in one day and i could feel different emotions . 
but the thing that i particularly liked was that i could do all kinds of things just in one day and i could feel different emotions . 
so , that's everything that i can tell you , i enjoy a lot and i hope to have another experience like this . 
so , that's everything that i can tell you . i enjoyed it a lot and i hope to have another experience like this . 
dear mrs . ryan , 
dear mrs . ryan , 
i am writing you to give you the suitable information you need about me . but also i would like to thank you for the very nice prize . 
i am writing to you to give you the suitable information you need about me . but also i would like to thank you for the very nice prize . 
here are some of the information: i would like to travel in july because then the school year ends and i will be able to go on vacation . i would prefer to stay in log cabins because i can't sleep outside in a tent . i would be very pleased if i could practice basketball and swimming i am very good at basketball and i am playing in my school's team . i know how to swim and dive from high places . i am very keen on both sports . 
here is some of the information: i would like to travel in july because the school year ends then and i will be able to go on vacation . i would prefer to stay in log cabins because i can't sleep outside in a tent . i would be very pleased if i could practise basketball and swimming . i am very good at basketball and i play in my school team . i know how to swim and dive from high places . i am very keen on both sports . 
of course there are some things that i would like to ask you , if possible , i would like to know what kind of clothes shall i take with me . and finally how much money will i need to have with me . 
of course there are some things that i would like to ask you . if possible , i would like to know what kind of clothes should i i should take with me , and finally how much money i will need to have with me . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you . thank you again 
i am looking forward to hearing from you . thank you again . 
yours sincierly , 
yours sincerely , 
dear kim
dear kim
i'm writing to tell you about my experience last month . 
i'm writing to tell you about my experience last month . 
you know that last month i helped at a pop concert and i've enjoyed it very much . i did many different kinds of things . first of all i helped with the decoration of the place where the consert would take place . then i helped the dancers with their dance on stage . after that i helped the singers perform and dance together and finally i helped with the lights for the show . it was amazing ! ( the show ) 
you know that last month i helped at a pop concert and i enjoyed it very much . i did many different kinds of things . first of all i helped with the decoration of the place where the concert would take place . then i helped the dancers with their dance on stage . after that i helped the singers perform and dance together and finally i helped with the lights for the show . it was amazing ! 
i had a really great time working with all the pop singers and dancers and decorators i even met some very interesting people with who made really good friends . what i liked the most was working with the singers , teaching them how to dance and follow some footsteps . 
i had a really great time working with all the pop singers and dancers and decorators . i even met some very interesting people with whom i became really good friends . what i liked the most was working with the singers , teaching them how to dance and follow some steps . 
this is an experience , i'll never forget . i'm looking forward to hearing from you very , very soon . 
this was an experience i'll never forget . i'm looking forward to hearing from you very , very soon . 
your friend
your friend
dear , helen
dear helen
thank you for the letter . i was very please when i knew that i had won the first prize . i would like to go there only in july , please . because i have a holiday in july . for accommodation i would rather prefer log cabins because it's more comfortable than tents . and i don't have to worry about the weather . for two activities , the first one can i have tennis , please . because i'm very good with tennis . i used to play a lot when i was a student . the second one can i have photography , please . because this's my hobby . and my dad just bought me a new camera . so this's will be my first chance that i can use it . 
thank you for the letter . i was very pleased when i knew that i had won the first prize . i would like to go there only in july , please , because i have a holiday in july . for accommodation i would prefer log cabins because they is they are more comfortable than tents . and i don't have to worry about the weather . for two activities , regarding the first one , can i do tennis , please , because i'm very good at tennis . i used to play a lot when i was a student . regarding the second one , can i do photography , please , because this is my hobby . and my dad just bought me a new camera . so this is this will be my first chance to use it . 
can you tell me what sort of clothes do i need to bring , please . i'm not sure about the weather in california in the daytime and in the nightime . and any idea of how much money do i need to bring . 
can you tell me what sort of clothes i need to bring , please . i'm not sure about the weather in california in the daytime and in the nighttime . and do you have any idea how much money i need to bring ? 
thank you very much for your offerring . i hope to hear back from you . 
thank you very much for your offering offer . i hope to hear from you . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
hi , kim
hi , kim
thanks for the letter asking about a pop concert . it was really good . i'm glad i went . my responsibilities are selling the tickets and making sure that everything is right . it was good to work with a lot of people and shared experiences . i met a lot of famous pop bands for the first time . i would feel sad if i didn't go there . they gave me a concert printed t-shirt . i'll show you by photographs . 
thanks for the letter asking about the pop concert . it was really good . i'm glad i went . my responsibilities were selling the tickets and making sure that everything was alright . it was good to work with a lot of people and to share experiences . i met a lot of famous pop bands for the first time . i would feel sad if i hadn't gone there . they gave me a concert t-shirt . i'll show you my photographs . 
from that time i had a lot of friends also some of them are old friends from college . so we are still keep in touch . and next concert we were promised we'll be there again . i wish you were there with us . because sometimes you wouldn't have known the experience until you had done it . 
from that time i had a lot of friends also some of them were old friends from college . so we still keep in touch . and the next concert we were promised we'll be there again . i wish you had been there with us . because sometimes you wouldn't have known the experience until you had had it . 
any way i will sent you some photographs . i hope to hear back from you . take care and don't work too hard . please send my love to your family . 
anyway , i will send you some photographs . i hope to hear back from you . take care and don't work too hard . please give my love to your family . 
best wishes
best wishes
dear mr. ryan
dear mr. ryan
thank you very much for your letter . i appriciated to this big news . please , let me tell you my answer now . 
thank you very much for your letter . i appreciated this big news . please , let me tell you my answer now . 
first , i would like to travel during july . because my college will finish in the end of june and i am going to go back to japan in august . second , i prefer to stay a log cabin . i usually stay a tent during camping . actually , i don't like tent so much . therefore , i am interested in staying a log cabin . third , i chose painting and golf as activities . i learned painting when i was school student . specially , i like water painting . also , i belonged to golf club when i went to university in japan . 
first , i would like to travel during july . this is because my college will finish at the end of june and i am going to go back to japan in august . second , i prefer to stay in a log cabin . i usually stay in a tent during camping . actually , i don't like tents so much . therefore , i am interested in staying in a log cabin . third , i chose painting and golf as activities . i learned painting when i was a school student . in particular , i like water painting . also , i belonged to a golf club when i went to university in japan . 
finally , i would like you to advise about clothes and pocket money , which i will take . thanking you for your time . 
finally , i would like you to advise me about clothes and pocket money , which i will take . thanking you for your time . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
shopping is always enjoyable for me . i love shopping . i never feel tired during shopping . 
shopping is always enjoyable for me . i love shopping . i never feel tired during shopping . 
especially , i prefer to go department stores . they are heaven ! i can spend in there all day . in fact , they have many kind of products which make me happy . to be honest , i don't always buy these products but i can be satisfied with just looking them . some people doesn't like to go shopping with a friend who takes long time to decide . even in this case , shopping is fun for me . i believe there are lot of why to enjoy shopping . 
in particular , i prefer to go to department stores . they are heaven ! i can spend all day in there . in fact , they have many kinds of products which make me happy . to be honest , i don't always buy these products , but i can be satisfied with just looking at them . some people don't like to go shopping with a friend who takes a long time to decide . even in this case , shopping is fun for me . i believe there are a lot of ways to enjoy shopping . 
by the way , shopping is a sort of therapy . i sometimes go shopping when i have stress . shopping helps me to cheer up every time . i think many people , specially women , had same experience . but the most important things to enjoy shopping is not to use every money which you have . 
by the way , shopping is a sort of therapy . i sometimes go shopping when i have stress . shopping helps me to cheer up every time . i think many people , especially women , have the same experience . but the most important thing to enjoy shopping is not to spend all the money which you have . 
dear miss helen ryan
dear miss helen ryan
i am writing in reply to your letter . i am absolutely delighted with the news . it really took me by surprise this prize , i didn't think i would be so lucky to win . 
i am writing in reply to your letter . i am absolutely delighted with the news . it really took me by surprise , this prize . i didn't think i would be so lucky as to win . 
first of all , about your enquires , the only time suitable for me to travel is in july . the reason is that my academic year starts in august therefor i need to be here . 
first of all , about your enquiries , the only time suitable for me to travel is in july . the reason is that my academic year starts in august therefore i need to be here . 
secondly , i would rather stay in a tent , there's no further reason is just that would be a new experience for me and i'm very excited about it . 
secondly , i would rather stay in a tent . there's no further reason than that it would be a new experience for me and i'm very excited about it . 
i am very keen on photography so i definetely will choose this as one of my activities during the camp . the other thing i'd love to do is sailing . i have got some experience already and i'm used to any weather conditions , furthermore i simply love sea-sports and their chalenges . 
i am very keen on photography so i definitely will choose this as one of my activities at the camp . the other thing i'd love to do is sailing . i have got some experience already and i'm used to any weather conditions , furthermore i simply love water sports and their challenges . 
finally i'd like to ask you some questions , there are mainly small details . i am not sure whether i will need some special clothes , if not what sort of clothes i should bring , and also how much money roughly i will need for my daily expenses . i would be very grateful for your help and advice in this matters . 
finally i'd like to ask you some questions , which are mainly about small details . i am not sure whether i will need some special clothes . if not what sort of clothes should i bring , and also how much money roughly will i need for my daily expenses . i would be very grateful for your help and advice in these matters . 
thanks for the wonderful news . 
thanks for the wonderful news . 
i'm looking forward to it . 
i'm looking forward to it . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
dear kim
dear kim
my dear friend i hope you are very well and just as happy as i am . you must remember me telling you about the pop concert , well now that it's over i have time to tell you everything about it . 
my dear friend , i hope you are very well and just as happy as i am . you must remember me telling you about the pop concert . well now that it's over i have time to tell you everything about it . 
the concert was a huge success , lots of people came and enjoyed the music . 
the concert was a huge success . lots of people came and enjoyed the music . 
i am very proud of myself because of the way i managed the whole experience , although there were moments when i thought i wasn't going to be able to cope with all the pressure . especially when the musicians arrived , they can be very demanding people and sometimes they came up with very odd requests . for example once they wanted mineral water of a certain french label , which was impossible to get . 
i am very proud of myself because of the way i managed the whole experience , although there were moments when i thought i wasn't going to be able to cope with all the pressure , especially when the musicians arrived . they can be very demanding people and sometimes they come up with very odd requests . for example once they wanted mineral water of a certain french label which was impossible to get . 
my tasks were very especifics . i had to help with the layout of the stage , which was very complicated , because there are so many cables , and weir and things going on at the same time . after that part was fully-functioning i moved on to work in the back stage . 
my tasks were very specific specific . i had to help with the layout of the stage , which was very complicated , because there are so many cables , and weir and things going on at the same time . after that part was fully functioning i moved on to work backstage . 
i really enjoyed working with those people , they are all very professional although they may look a bit eccentric sometimes . however , what i liked the most about it was seeing so many people dancing , jumping and enjoying frenetically of something that i had been part of and helped to make it happened . 
i really enjoyed working with those people . they are all very professional although they may look a bit eccentric sometimes . however , what i liked the most about it was seeing so many people dancing , jumping and enjoying frenetically something that i had been part of and helped to make happen . 
looking forward to hearing from you soon . 
looking forward to hearing from you soon . 
best wishes
best wishes
thank you for the letter you have sent recently . it was a surprise to know that i won the first prize . the reasons i am really writing , however , is to give you some details of my trip to california . 
thank you for the letter you have sent recently . it was a surprise to learn that i won the first prize . the reason i am really writing , however , is to give you some details about my trip to california . 
i'll be taking an english examination at the end of june and i think it would be a good idea if i can travel in july because it's the only month i can spend abroad this year . 
i'll be taking an english examination at the end of june and i think it would be a good idea if i can travel in july because it's the only month i can spend abroad this year . 
in the letter you said that accommodation provided can be either tents or log cabins . i would prefer to stay in tents so that i will have the chance to be in contact with the nature as well as the scenery around . 
in the letter you said that the accommodation provided can be either a tent or a log cabin . i would prefer to stay in a tent so that i will have the chance to be in contact with nature as well as the scenery around the camp . 
another thing i would like to choose from the activity list is singing ( because i take part in a chorus at school ) and photography . i'm really good taking pictures , it's a way i have to express my feelings . 
the activities i would like to choose from the activity list are singing ( because i belong to a choir at school ) and photography . i'm really good at taking pictures . it's a way i have to express my feelings . 
i wonder if you could send me more information about what kind of clothes have we bring . do you think you could also let me know how much money we will need during our stay at the camp . 
i wonder if you could send me more information about what kind of clothes we have to bring . do you think you could also let me know how much money we will need during our stay at the camp . 
i would be grateful if you could send me a brochure and a map showing where the camp is . 
i would be grateful if you could send me a brochure and a map showing where the camp is . 
thanking you in anticipation . 
thanking you in anticipation . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours faithfully , 
yours faithfully , 
what a surprise it was to get letter from you after all this time . sorry i haven't written for so long but i was really busy trying to apply for a job . this is just to let you know with whom i worked . 
what a surprise it was to get a letter from you after all this time . sorry i haven't written for so long but i was really busy trying to apply for a job . this is just to let you know with whom i worked . 
in order to celebrate the 125 aniversary of the city , the coun council organised an open air concert . it was a summer night and all the citizens , as well as tourists , had the opportunity to attend . the pop band " five " arrived into town and needed people to help with not only the organisation but also the stages and sound . i knew some help was needed so i decided to speak to the manager . i couldn't believe when he said: " o . k . if you want to help , here is a list of what you can do . " my job was to leave some leaflets on shops , restaurants and streets . 
in order to celebrate the 125th anniversary of the city , the county council organised an open air concert . it was a summer night and all the citizens , as well as tourists , had the opportunity to attend . the pop band " five " arrived in town and needed people to help with not only the organisation but also with building the stages and sound . i knew some help was needed so i decided to speak to the manager . i couldn't believe it when he said: " o . k . , if you want to help , here is a list of what you can do . " my job was to leave some leaflets in shops , restaurants and on the streets . 
working with this band was an experience i will never forget . what i really enjoyed was been part of the staff . 
working with this band was an experience i will never forget . what i really enjoyed was being part of the staff . 
although i was too nervious , i knew i could do the job well . 
although i was very nervous , i knew i could do the job well . 
i'd love to hear all your news , why don't you come and visit me ? perhaps i could show you the pictures i took . 
i'd love to hear all your news . why don't you come and visit me ? perhaps i could show you the pictures i took . 
i'm looking forward to hearing from you soon . 
i'm looking forward to hearing from you soon . 
love from , 
love from , 
dear sir or madam , 
dear sir or madam , 
thank you very much for the prize . i am writing this letter to inform you that i have recieved your letters and i am going to the trip . 
thank you very much for the prize . i am writing this letter to inform you that i have received your letters and i am going on the trip . 
i would like to go to the trip in july because my school , which is berkeley international school , is going to arrange the end of term break both for staff and students . other reason is i think in july the weather is not so cold . the weather condition will be suitable for camping . i prefer to live in tents to log cabin because sleeping in the tent makes me more comfortable and i can get closer to the nature . every night i would like to come out of the small tent to the nice enviroment outside the tent . although , living in the tent is more comfortable . i'll have to be aware about insects so i've bought so many insects repellant . i can choose to do 2 activities so i would like to play tennis and swimming . when i was in fourth form , i got the first prize in swimming competition and third prize in tennis . i was a bit disapotted with the result because i was expected to win the first prize or secound price . 
i would like to go on the trip in july because my school , which is berkeley international school , is going to arrange the end of term break both for staff and students . the other reason is , i think in july the weather is not so cold . the weather conditions will be suitable for camping . i prefer to stay in tents rather than log cabin because sleeping in a tent makes me more comfortable and i can get closer to nature . every night i would like to go out of the small tent into the nice environment outside the tent . also , staying in a tent is more comfortable . i'll have to be careful about insects so i've bought so many insect repellants . i can choose to do 2 activities so i would like to play tennis and go swimming . when i was in the fourth form , i got the first prize in a swimming competition and third prize in tennis . i was a bit disappointed with the result because i was expected to win the first prize or second prize . 
lastly , i would like to ask you questions . first , how many clothes do i have to bring ? and do i have to bring some money . it will be very kind of you , if you can answer my questions . 
lastly , i would like to ask you some questions . first , how many clothes do i have to bring ? and do i have to bring some money ? it would be very kind of you if you could answer my questions . 
your sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
seua thanapol . 
seua thanapol . 
dear kim , 
dear kim , 
hi ! how are you . i am fine and i hope you're fine too . i have an interesting story to tell you . i've been asked to help by the well known band called westlife . at first i was surprised but in a few secound later , when i relised that , i didn't allow to go , i tried to persuade my teacher to let me go . at last , she allowed me . 
hi ! how are you ? i am fine and i hope you're fine too . i have an interesting story to tell you . i've been asked to help by the well-known band westlife . at first i was surprised but a few second seconds later , when i realised that i wasn't allowed to go , i tried to persuade my teacher to let me go . eventually , she allowed me to go . 
i had to help them behind the state , while they were get dressed . i had to keep things in place and cheakd that the microphones was working properly . although the work was not heavey , i gained a lot of experience . they gave me their signature and when the concert started , they told me to come up on the state and dance with them . i was really embarassed because i had to dance in front of a lot of people but that is the very good experience i have ever had . i was really enjoy at the concert . thing that i particularly like in the concert is i got a free ticket from westlife to go to the a1 concert which is another well known band . i really want to have that experience again . 
i had to help them behind the stage , while they were getting dressed . i had to keep things in place and check that the microphones were working properly . although the work was not heavy hard , i gained a lot of experience . they gave me their autograph autographs and when the concert started , they told me to come up on the stage and dance with them . i was really embarrassed because i had to dance in front of a lot of people but that was the very best experience i have ever had . i really enjoyed the concert . the thing that i particularly liked about the concert was i got a free ticket from westlife to go to the a1 concert , which is another well-known band . i really want to have that experience again . 
that is my story . tell me yoors . i want to know what experience you've had when you were in england . 
that is my story . tell me yours . i want to know what experiences you had when you were in england . 
best wishes , 
best wishes , 
dear helen:
dear helen:
i have just received your letter , and i am very happy about this . thanks very much ! 
i have just received your letter , and i am very happy about this . thanks very much ! 
i think i would like to travel only on july because i've just finished my course at that time , and i can have a short holidays in these days . it will be very nice for me . 
i think i would like to travel only in july because i'll have just finished my course at that time , and i can have a short holiday in these days . it will be very nice for me . 
accommodation at camp california is in tents or log cabins , i think i prefer both of them , because i've never been there before , and never heard of these two places . i am very interested in both places but , i can just choose one place , i think i will choose log cabins , it's sounds good and if i have time , maybe i can go to tents next time ( maybe next year . ) 
accommodation at camp california is in tents or log cabins . i think i like both of them , because i've never been there before , and never heard of these two places . i am very interested in both places but , i can just choose one place . i think i will choose log cabins ; it they sound good and if i have time , maybe i can stay in tents next time ( maybe next year ) . 
when i am at camp , i will choose singing and photography i can sing classic music and pop music , seem like rock &amp; roll . maybe titanic . my mum liked me singing this song . and i can also make very good photography , because i learned this in china two years ago . 
when i am at camp , i will choose singing and photography . i can sing classical music and pop music , seem like rock &amp; roll . maybe titanic . my mum likes me singing this song . and i can also take very good photographs , because i learned to do this in china two years ago . 
another thing is i would like to ask you some questions about journey , what's the weather like ? what kind of clothes shall i take ? and how much does it cost per night live in a hotel ? thanks for your help . 
another thing is i would like to ask you some questions about the stay . what's the weather like ? what kind of clothes shall i take ? and how much does it cost per night to live to stay in a hotel ? thanks for your help . 
yours
yours
shopping is not always enjoyable
shopping is not always enjoyable
a lot of people enjoy shopping very much , me too . but sometimes shopping is not very enjoyable . 
a lot of people enjoy shopping very much . me too . but sometimes shopping is not very enjoyable . 
firstly , i am a student , i don't have job , so , i have to asked money from my parents . i can't asked too much that's very bad for my parents . when i go shopping . i alway feel shame because i spend my parents money . ( although i got part-time job , it just enough to pay my rent . ) 
firstly , i am a student . i don't have a job , so , i have to ask for money from my parents . i can't ask for too much . that's very bad for my parents . when i go shopping , i always feel ashamed because i spend my parents' money . ( although i have got a part-time job , it provides just enough to pay my rent . ) 
secondly , if you live in a big city , the things always expensive . you should spend more money on buying clothes and food , you will very happy when you buy it , but , when you come back home take out you purse , you must be feel sad , you purse nearly empty , ( when you don't have enough money . ) 
secondly , if you live in a big city , things are always expensive . you spend more money on buying clothes and food , you think you will be very happy when you shop , but when you come back home and take out your purse , you will be sad , your . your purse is nearly empty ( when you don't have enough money ) . 
sometimes , when you shopping on the street , you will see a lot of things that you like , and you can't buy it once , you will feel very sad maybe . and then , you may save money for the things you like , nothing to do , just for the poor things what you like so funny isn't it ? 
sometimes , when you shop on the street , you will see a lot of things that you like , and you can't buy them once , then maybe you will feel very sad . and then , you may save money for the things you like , nothing to do , just for the poor things what you like so funny , isn't it ? 
another thing is when you shopping in a busy street , seem like oxford st in london . a lot of thief there , they will steal you money , that's so dangerous . 
another thing is when you shop on a busy street , like oxford st in london , a lot of thieves are there . they will steal your money . that's so dangerous . 
so , in my opinion shopping is not really enjoyable all the time for me . it will stop when i get a good job . maybe i will feel better and enjoy it . 
so , in my opinion shopping is not really enjoyable all the time for me . this will stop when i get a good job . maybe i will feel better and enjoy it . 
dear helen ryan , 
dear helen ryan , 
thank you very much for your letter . i'm very surprise , to won this prize . about the information , i like to travel on july because it's only the month i have vacation . it's very difficult to change it . about the accommodation at camp california i will prefer tents because i like the nature and i like to listen the birds . at the camp i will like to practise tennis and golf . my level in this two activities is medium , i never practise them all . i would like to ask you some question . 
thank you very much for your letter . i'm very surprised to win this prize . about the information , i would like to travel in july because it's only the month when i have a vacation . it's very difficult to change it . about the accommodation at camp california , i would prefer tents because i like the countryside and i like to listen to the birds . at the camp i would like to play tennis and golf . my level in these two activities is medium . i never practise them both . i would like to ask you some questions . 
how many money take us ? or is necessary ? 
how much money should we take ? or isn't it necessary ? 
what can of clothes met it ? 
what kind of clothes met it ? 
in the first prize you including a second person like my husband ? 
in the first prize you include a second person like my husband ? 
it's necessary for the activities to wear special clothes ? 
is it necessary to wear special clothes for the activities ? 
thank you another time for this first prize two weeks at camp california in the u . s . a . i'm very happy . 
thank you again for this first prize of two weeks at camp california in the u . s . a . i'm very happy . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
shopping is not always enjoyable . last weekend i went to barcelona with some friends to shop . when we arrived to the shopping center , i saw a lot of people . i don't understand why they was a lot of people . my friends and i , i went to a fashion shop " mango " to buy some clothes . nobody at the shop came with us to help . there are four gays , in this shop . we asked them if someone of them help us . finally , a girl very friendly came with us . we bought some trousers , tee-shirts , and one pair of shoes . my friends bought some things like a red trousers and white tee-shirts . after this , we returned to andorra . but not always it's the same history because i like shopping and i think i'm enjoy . not all the time the people are not friendly in the shops . 
shopping is not always enjoyable . last weekend i went to barcelona with some friends to shop . when we arrived at the shopping centre , i saw a lot of people . i don't understand why there were a lot of people . my friends and i went to a clothes shop - " mango " - to buy some clothes . nobody in the shop came with us to help . there were four guys , in this shop . we asked them if one of them could help us . finally , a very friendly girl came with us . we bought some trousers , tee-shirts , and one pair of shoes . my friends bought some things like red trousers and white tee-shirts . after this , we returned to andorra . but it's not always the same story because i like shopping and i think i'm enjoyable . the people in the shops are not unfriendly all the time . 
dear helen ryan , 
dear helen ryan , 
i am amazed with the prize in your competition . i am looking forward to go to camp california in the usa and i am writing to give you further information . 
i am amazed about the prize in your competition . i am looking forward to going to camp california in the usa and i am writing to give you further information . 
i would like to travel only in july because this is the only month that i am on holiday each year . 
i would like to travel only in july because this is the only month that i am on holiday each year . 
about accommodation , i would prefer to stay in tents because it will be a new experience for me . i like to get new experiences specially when i am on holiday . 
about accommodation , i would prefer to stay in a tent because it will be a new experience for me . i like to have new experiences , especially when i am on holiday . 
i am pleasant to have the opportunity to practice sports as well . i am good at swimming and playing tennis . 
i am pleased to have the opportunity to practise do sports as well . i am good at swimming and playing tennis . 
i would like to know how much money i need to have to spend there and if i need to take with me my sports clothes . will the camp california provide the clothes for swimming and play tennis ? 
i would like to know how much money i need to have to spend there and if i need to take with me my sports clothes . will camp california provide the clothes for swimming and playing tennis ? 
if you need some more information let me know . 
if you need some more information let me know . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
rita fernandez . 
rita fernandez . 
shopping is not always enjoyable
shopping is not always enjoyable
in my opinion shopping is a very good practice that's give you more opportunity to enjoy yourself . i don't understand why men don't like shopping at least they say that . 
in my opinion shopping is a very good practice that gives you more opportunities to enjoy yourself . i don't understand why men don't like shopping , at least they say that they don't . 
despite the fact that it love shopping i have to agree that it is not " always " enjoyable . sometimes you go out and you can't find something special or there are a lot of people there . it's boring . 
despite the fact that i love shopping i have to agree that it is not " always " enjoyable . sometimes you go out and you can't find something special or there are a lot of people there . it's annoying . 
you shouldn't go shopping when the shopps are so busy because its so boring . if you want to buy a christmas present buy it some days before christmas . 
you shouldn't go shopping when the shops are so busy because it's so annoying . if you want to buy a christmas present buy it some days before christmas . 
another point is now you don't need to go out just for shopping . you can buy a lot of products by internet . 
another point is that now you don't need to go out shopping . you can buy a lot of products over the internet . 
i believe if you choose the best way or the best day to go shopping you will love it . 
i believe if you choose the best way or the best day to go shopping you will love it . 
in conclusion i think there is boring time and enjoyable time when you are shopping but for me there are more enjoyable than boring time . 
in conclusion i think there are boring times and enjoyable times when you are shopping but for me there are more enjoyable than boring times . 
dear helen ryan
dear helen ryan
i was so happy when i knew that i won first prize in your competition . i'm hope that it will be good gift for me from your organization . 
i was so happy when i found out that i won first prize in your competition . i'm i hope that it will be a good gift for me from your organization . 
you asked me when i like to travel ? i like to travel . only in july because in august i must go to my grandmother and help to her to gather a harvest of fruits . i'd prefer take a tent because it is more romantic and exciting spend nights in the tent . and with the tent i can go to enougher place of the camp . but when it is going to rain it is not comfortable , but i like it . i'm want to do such activities likes basketball . because i think it is teenagers game . and i'm like painting because i like to paint the nature , sea , moutains . i'm often go to an exhibitions of paintings of modern artists . but i like different stiles of art . i'd think i'll enjoy this travel . 
you asked me when i would like to travel ? i would like to travel only in july because in august i must go to my grandmother's and help her to gather a harvest of fruit . i'd prefer to take a tent because it is more romantic and exciting to spend nights in a tent . and with the tent i can go to another place in the camp . when it rains it is not comfortable , but i like it . i'm i want to do activities like basketball , because i think it is a teenager's game . and i'm i like painting because i like to paint nature , sea , mountains . i'm i often go to exhibitions of paintings of modern artists . but i like different styles of art . i'd i think i'll enjoy this trip . 
i whant to know some questions about it . 
i want to know some information about it . 
can i say more then two weeks if i like it ? 
can i stay more then two weeks if i like it ? 
in what day i can start my travel ? in what conditions it will be spend ? and the last one . how much money i should take there ? 
what day i can can i start my trip ? in what conditions will it be spent ? and the last one , how much money i should should i take there ? 
i'm realy lookind forward for your answers . and i hope to see you soon . bye
i'm really looking forward to your answers . and i hope to see you soon . bye
yours sencerely gubin . 
yours sincerely gubin . 
shopping is not always enjoyable . 
shopping is not always enjoyable . 
i'm absolutly agree with it . because i have my own expirience of shopping . for exsample resently i was shopping at the market , which located in the center of our town . end what do you think ? when i was there i saw very beatiful t-shirt . i asked my mother to buy it . but my mother said: " i haven't enough money to buy it " . i was abset of it . our goverment very burocrative . our ministers very criminal they are often breake the law , stole money . for example paul kozin had stole 800000000 dollars . because of it our stare can't pay money to workers of schools , hospetols , builders . in our country high nomber unemploeers . usual people can't buy a piece of bread . and they ask for money to enougher people . my parents can't buy me all what i want our society our full . each man think only about himself . quality of life very low . 
i'm i abolutely agree with this , because i have my own experience of shopping . for example , recently i was shopping at the market , which is located in the centre of our town . and and what do you think ? when i was there i saw a very beautiful t-shirt . i asked my mother to buy it . but my mother said: " i haven't enough money to buy it " . i was upset about it . our government is very bureaucratic . our ministers are really criminal . they often break the law , steal stealing money . for example , paul kozin had stolen stole 800000000 dollars . because of it our state can't pay workers in schools , hospitals , on building sites . in our country there is a high number of unemployed . usually often people can't buy a piece of bread . and they ask for money from other people . my parents can't buy me all what i want our society our full . each man thinks only about himself . quality the quality of life is very low . 
but i hope that i will be time when each person can buy to himself everything that he or she want . and shoppings will be allways enjoyable . 
but i hope that i there will be a time when each person can buy himself everything that he or she wants and shopping will be always always be enjoyable . 
13th june 2000
13th june 2000
dear mrs . ryan , 
dear mrs . ryan , 
i am writing with reference to your letter about the competition i won , in which you required some additional information . 
i am writing with reference to your letter about the competition i won , in which you requested some additional information . 
i am very happy to have won a two-week trip at camp california , but for me it is only possible to travel in july because it is the only time when i can get holidays from work . therefore , it is essential that you take account of my availability when booking the trip . 
i am very happy to have won a two-week trip to camp california , but for me it is only possible to travel in july because it is the only time when i can get holidays from work . therefore , it is essential that you take account of my availability when booking the trip . 
as i am an expert camper , i would prefer to be accommodated in tents than in log cabins . what concerns activities at the camp , i would be highly delighted if i could play basketball and tennis . the former because i am an excellent basketball-player and the latter because i am interested in taking up a new sport as i am a complete beginner at it . 
as i am an expert camper , i would prefer to be put up in a tent rather than in a log cabin . concerning activities at the camp , i would be highly delighted if i could play basketball and tennis . the former because i am an excellent basketball player and the latter because i am interested in taking up a new sport and i am a complete beginner at it . 
i am a little unsure about some things and i would be very grateful to you if you could answer my questions . i would like to know if i will need to take some special clothes and how much money would be suitable to bring with . 
i am a little unsure about some things and i would be very grateful to you if you could answer my questions . i would like to know if i will need to take some special clothes and how much money would i need to bring with me . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
report on daily life at my school , for my english teacher
report on daily life at my school , for my english teacher
introduction
introduction
after our english class' decision to make a short film about daily life in my school , i have been asked to write a report about interesting lessons and activities that should be filmed . the aim of this report is to inform my teacher about them . here are my findings . 
after our english class's decision to make a short film about daily life in my school , i have been asked to write a report about interesting lessons and activities that should be filmed . the aim of this report is to inform my teacher about them . here are my findings . 
best lessons to film
best lessons to film
as all the students are different from each other , it is essential to show many aspects of the school . therefore , to show the good aspects , i suggest to film mr. clark's english classes , because they are highly educative and because the students participate a lot . on the other hand , to show less pleasing aspects , it would be adequate to film mrs . morrison's french classes , as they are extremely boring and sub-standard . 
as all the students are different from each other , it is essential to show many aspects of the school . therefore , to show the good aspects , i suggest filming mr. clark's english classes , because they are highly educational and because the students participate a lot . on the other hand , to show less pleasing aspects , it would be sufficient to film mrs . morrison's french classes , as they are extremely boring and sub-standard . 
interesting activities
interesting activities
one event that should not be missed to film , is the weekly football game between teachers and students , which shows how well they get along with each other . another event that should absolutely be captured on film is the preparation of the meals in the canteen . the cooks are very friendly and excellent . 
one event that should not be missed is the weekly football game between teachers and students , which shows how well they get along with each other . another event that should definitely be captured on film is the preparation of the meals in the canteen . the cooks are very friendly and excellent . 
conclusion
conclusion
in conclusion , i suggest that our english class seriously takes into consideration my suggestions when making the video . because the above mentioned events are the most praised or criticised ones by all students . 
in conclusion , i suggest that our english class seriously takes into consideration my suggestions when making the video . because the above mentioned events are the ones most praised or criticised by all students . 
indian demuro
indian demuro
dear helen ryan , 
dear helen ryan , 
i have just seen the letter this morning and i am very happy for win the competition . i believe i have the appropriate qualification to stay two weeks at camp california . it could be wonderful to see you as soon as possible . 
i have just seen the letter this morning and i am very happy about winning the competition . i believe i have the appropriate qualifications to stay two weeks at camp california . it would be wonderful to see you as soon as possible . 
first of all , i will be able to travel in july because i have not finished school . althoug i wich that my accommodation at camp california it must be in tents . i get experience in the last summer . 
first of all , i will be able to travel in july only because i have not finished school . although i wish that my accommodation at camp california it must be in a tent . i had experience of this last summer . 
secondly , i am very keen at sports . specially at sailing and swimming . anyway i am hard working for the word cup at sailing . 
secondly , i am very keen on sports , specially sailing and swimming . anyway i am hard working for the world cup at sailing working hard at sailing for the world cup . 
finally , i would like to know how is the weather in july ? because i have to prepare all my staf and i am sure it would be a great experience despite the cost of living . 
finally , i would like to know how the weather is in july ? because i have to prepare all my stuff luggage and i am sure it will be a great experience despite the cost of living . 
i look forward to hearing for you . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
dear kim , 
dear kim , 
hi , how are you ? i'm fine . thank you for my birthday's present . 
hi , how are you ? i'm fine . thank you for my birthday present . 
sorry about my last mail but i've been traveled . i didn't tell you about my last job , you remember last moth i've helped at a pop concert . anyway , it was fantastic you can't imagine how was the concert like ? 
sorry about my last letter but i've been travelling . i didn't tell you about my last job . you remember last month i helped at a pop concert . anyway , it was fantastic . you can't imagine what the concert was like ? 
however , i was responsible for check in for the entrance then i must gave a sit to everyone . anyway i enjoed so much . i haven't been to a concert before so the atmosphier was really good . i shouldn't forgot my experience in my life . 
i was responsible for checking tickets at the entrance , then i had to give a seat to everyone . anyway i enjoyed it so much . i haven't been to a concert before so the atmosphere was really good . i won't forget my experience in my whole life . 
did you remember the computer curse that we took together it was very useful to clasifay each person in the concert . so keep in touch . 
do you remember the computer course that we took together . it was very useful to classify each person at the concert . so keep in touch . 
a lot of love , 
lots of love , 
dear mrs . ryan , 
dear mrs . ryan , 
first of all , i would like to thank you for the letter which brought me such good news . 
first of all , i would like to thank you for the letter which brought me such good news . 
i enjoyed a lot participating in your competition and hope to apreciate the travel i won . 
i enjoyed a lot participating in your competition and hope to appreciate enjoy the trip i have won . 
secondly , i will give you with pleasure some information about myself you need to have . 
secondly , i will give you with pleasure some information about myself you need to have . 
to be honest , the only suitable time for me to travel is in july because my session at the university will have finished only in the end of june . 
to be honest , the only suitable time for me to travel is in july because my session at the university will have finished only at the end of june . 
as an accommodation at camp california i prefer a tent because i have been doing camping for years and enjoy it very much . 
for accommodation at camp california i prefer a tent because i have been camping for years and enjoy it very much . 
as i have a chance to do 2 activities while i am at the camp , i will choose singing which i am very good at and swimming which i am fond of but unfortunately , not a professional . 
as i have a chance to do 2 activities while i am at the camp , i will choose singing , which i am very good at , and swimming , which i am fond of but , unfortunately , not a professional . 
in the end i would like you to tell me if i should take some special clothes and also the sum of money i will need . . . during my vacation . 
finally i would like you to tell me if i should take some special clothes and also what sum of money i will need . . . during my vacation . 
i wish you all the best and look forward to hearing from you soon . 
i wish you all the best and look forward to hearing from you soon . 
sincerely yours , 
sincerely yours , 
lena kazanova
lena kazanova
a lot of women would never agree with me and almost all the men of the world would never believe that in my opinion , shopping is really not always enjoyable . 
a lot of women would never agree with me and almost all the men in the world would never believe that in my opinion shopping is really not always enjoyable . 
eternal crowds , high prices , long hours of choosing a suitable thing , that is what shopping means to me . 
eternal crowds , high prices , long hours of choosing a suitable thing , that is what shopping means to me . 
especially , i can't support to do shopping with my mother: it takes so much time that later i regret of agreeing to go with . 
in particular , i can't bear to go shopping with my mother: it takes so much time that later i regret agreeing to go with her . 
when i am on my own , everything is fine: i do my shopping quickly because i never have to spend hours to choose what i really want either for myself or someone else . 
when i am on my own , everything is fine: i do my shopping quickly because i never have to spend hours choosing what i really want either for myself or someone else . 
shopping is a personal art and everybody has his own way to do it . 
shopping is a personal art and everybody has his own way of doing it . 
some go just to kill the time others - to look at something new , i am in the third group - previously i think of what i will buy and go straight to the department i need . 
some go just to kill time ; others to look at something new . i am in the third group - beforehand i think of what i will buy and go straight to the department i need . 
but sometimes i have to forget my opinion and spend all the day looking for my mother in a huge department-store . 
but sometimes i have to forget my opinion and spend all the day looking with my mother with my mother looking through a huge department-store . 
dear mr. ryan , 
dear mr. ryan , 
i am writing to answer about your invitation which i have receved as a first winner . i am very delighted to visit the two weeks camp california in the u . s . a . . 
i am writing to answer your invitation which i have received as a first prize winner . i would be really delighted to visit for two weeks camp california in the u . s . a . camp california in the u . s . a . for two weeks . 
this would be an ideal opportunity for me to visit the united states to learn the american way of life . 
this would be an ideal opportunity for me to visit the united states to learn about the american way of life . 
first of all , i would like to travel on july because i have a lot of work in my company at the moment , so my boss said i can have my travel-holiday only on july . 
first of all , i would like to travel in july because i have a lot of work in my company at the moment , so my boss said i can have my holiday only in july . 
secondly , i'd like to prefer to stay in tents , that would be the first chance for me to sleep on the outskirts of california . it could be very enjoyable . and i would like to choose my activities golf and painting . i used to play golf several years and i like to paint the composition . 
secondly , i'd prefer to stay in tents . that would be the first chance for me to sleep on the outskirts of california . it could be very enjoyable . and i would like to choose as my activities golf and painting . i used to play golf several years ago and i like to paint the composition . 
last , i have no experience in abroad . therefore i'd like to know about the weather in california on july . which clothes should i take ? may be there are some occasions which i have to pay myself . as above mentioned , please take care to give me more information , and if you'd like to know more , please telephone me for further discussion . 
last , i have no experience of travelling abroad . therefore i'd like to know about the weather in california in july . which clothes should i take ? maybe there are some occasions when i have to pay for myself . as mentioned above , please take care to give me more information , and if you'd like to know more , please telephone me for further discussion . 
i look forward to hearing from you soon . 
i look forward to hearing from you soon . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
yuna arniston
yuna arniston
seoul is the capital city of korea . 
seoul is the capital city of korea . 
it is a largish city and has a population of over eight million . i went to school there for twelve years . many people are saying : " when you have a son , send him to seoul to get a job and to have the chance at the best opportunity . there are all kinds of facilities what you can imagine . 
it is a largish city and has a population of over eight million . i went to school there for twelve years . many people say : " when you have a son , send him to seoul to get a job and to have the chance of the best opportunity . there are all kinds of facilities which you can imagine . 
most of the people , they like to go to centre of city that's meong-dong where is the uderground acade and several businesses have their head quarter there . there are also many kinds of take-away restaurants , where i can taste my favorite foods . 
most of the people like to go to the centre of the city , that's meong-dong where is the underground arcade the underground arcade is and several businesses have their headquarter headquarters there . there are also many kinds of take-away restaurants , where i can taste my favourite foods . 
that doesn't cost much . 
that doesn't cost much . 
if i go to visit my family in korea , i usually walk along the meong-dong streets , and am enjoying to have eye-shopping . 
if i go to visit my family in korea , i usually walk along the meong-dong streets , and enjoy window shopping . 
but there are alwalys a lot of traffic at all times , and the air is so polluted that i can't even breathe . i always feel very tired after the shopping because of unfrendly people who are too busy . 
but there is always a lot of traffic at all times , and the air is so polluted that i can't even breathe . i always feel very tired after the shopping because of unfriendly people who are too busy . 
shopping is not always enjoyable . 
shopping is not always enjoyable . 
yuna arniston
yuna arniston
dear sir , 
dear sir , 
i was very happy when your letter arrived , yesterday . this trip will be very important for me , that is why i am interested in travelling to u . s . a as soon as possible . 
i was very happy when your letter arrived , yesterday . this trip will be very important for me . that is why i am interested in travelling to the u . s . a as soon as possible . 
i would like to travel on july because i will be on winter holidays , so i will not miss classes at school . i would really prefer to stay in tents because i love sleeping outdoors and listening noises from outside . 
i would like to travel in july because i will be on my winter holidays , so i will not miss classes at school . i would really prefer to stay in a tent because i love sleeping outdoors and listening to the noises from outside . 
i am going to tell you two activities that i would like to do while i will be at the camp . firstly i would be happy if you let me play tennis , because i have played it for four years and i do it well , and secondly i believe that singing could be interesting because i really like it and i have a beautiful voice . 
i am going to tell you two activities that i would like to do while i will be at the camp . firstly i would be happy if you let me play tennis , because i have played it for four years and i do it well , and secondly i believe that singing could be interesting because i really like it and i have a beautiful voice . 
i was wondering the kind of clothes that i will have to wear and finally could you tell me how much money i will have to take ? 
i was wondering about the kind of clothes that i will have to wear and finally could you tell me how much money i will have to take ? 
i look for ward to receiving more news . 
i look forward to receiving more news . 
yours faithfully , 
yours faithfully , 
rosario de los peines ( mrs ) . 
rosario de los peines ( mrs ) . 
dear kim , 
dear kim , 
hello ! how are you ? i'm writing because i know that you're interested in listening my experience in which i enjoyed helping at a pop concert last month , perhaps in the future you'll be able to help too . 
hello ! how are you ? i'm writing because i know that you're interested in hearing about my experience when i enjoyed helping at a pop concert last month . perhaps in the future you'll be able to help too . 
if you want to help at a pop concert you'll have to write down yourself in a competition as i did , then , if you win the organiser will phone you and you'll be able to help them . 
if you want to help at a pop concert you'll have to write about yourself in a competition as i did , then , if you win the organiser will phone you and you'll be able to help them . 
at the concert i had to clear and organized all the people who were in , but at the end of the night i was able to talk with one of my favourite pop singer . i think that it was the experience i particularly liked most and which i will never forget . 
at the concert i had to clear and organize all the people who were there , but at the end of the night i was able to talk with one of my favourite pop singers . i think that was the experience i liked most and which i will never forget . 
looking forward to hearing from you . 
looking forward to hearing from you . 
love , 
love , 
dear helen ryan , 
dear helen ryan , 
in response to your letter that i have just received i am writing to give you all the further information you need . 
in response to your letter that i have just received i am writing to give you all the further information you need . 
according to your letter , i should tell you when i would like to travel and i think july is the best time for me because i will be on summer vacations so i would not have to miss any classes . 
according to your letter , i should tell you when i would like to travel and i think july is the best time for me because i will be on summer vacation so i would not have to miss any classes . 
about the accomodation , i would prefer tents because i enjoy the contact with nature as well as camping activities . 
about the accommodation , i would prefer a tent because i enjoy the contact with nature as well as camping activities . 
as i may choose the two activities i would like to practise during my staying at the camp from the list given in your letter , i choose singing and photography . i have been taking singing classes since i was ten years old so i am pretty good at it . on the other hand , i am a beginner in photography skills . 
as i may choose the two activities i would like to do during my stay at the camp from the list given in your letter , i choose singing and photography . i have been taking singing lessons since i was ten years old so i am pretty good at it . on the other hand , i am a beginner at photography skills . 
i would appreciate if you could inform me if i have to bring any money for extra costs or even special kind of clothes for those activities . 
i would appreciate it if you could inform me if i have to bring any money for extra costs or even any special kind of clothes for those activities . 
thanks in advance for your assistance . 
thanks in advance for your assistance . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
catarina pontes
catarina pontes
shopping is not always enjoyable
shopping is not always enjoyable
these days people have been shopping more often than they used to . sometimes shopping can be a stressing experience though people think of it as an enjoyable part of their lives . 
these days people are shopping more often than they used to . sometimes shopping can be a stressful experience though people think of it as an enjoyable part of their lives . 
first of all , shopping can be a good thing if it is a possibility to forget about all the problems you have , even if it is just for a moment . it relieves you from the pressure of life while you are looking for something to buy . 
first of all , shopping can be a good thing if it is a chance to forget about all the problems you have , even if it is just for a moment . it relieves you from the pressure of life while you are looking for something to buy . 
on the other hand , sometimes you can get really nervous about shopping like when you have to deal with unhelpful shop assistants . it is a very common fact these days and you have to be patient if you really want to buy something . 
on the other hand , sometimes you can get really irritable shopping , like when you have to deal with unhelpful shop assistants . it is a very common phenomenon these days and you have to be patient if you really want to buy something . 
furthermore , sometimes you can not find a variety of goods and you eventually buy a low quality product . 
furthermore , sometimes you do not find a variety of goods and you eventually buy a low quality product . 
in conclusion , like all things in life , shopping can be pleasent or irritating depending on your patience and on your mood that day . 
in conclusion , like all things in life , shopping can be pleasant or irritating depending on your patience and on your mood that day . 
13th june , 2000
13th june , 2000
dear mrs ryan , 
dear mrs ryan , 
i recived your letter and i am very excited about the camp . 
i received your letter and i am very excited about the camp . 
i would like to go in july i don't mind wich two weeks but it has to be that month because in june i still in school and in august i'am going on holiday with my family . 
i would like to go in july , i don't mind which two weeks , but it has to be that month because in june i am still in school and in august i am going on holiday with my family . 
i would prefer to sleep in a tent because i think it's different from where i sleep every night so i would apreciate it if there are still tents available . 
i would prefer to sleep in a tent because i think it's different from where i sleep every night so i would appreciate it if there are still tents available . 
one of the activities i would prefer to do is climbing , i haven't done a lot of it but i've always found it interesting and i think this would be a good opportunity to become better in it . the other activity i would like to take is tennis , i'm quite good at it and i have been practising for four years . 
one of the activities i would prefer to do is climbing . i haven't done a lot of it but i've always found it interesting and i think this would be a good opportunity to become better at it . the other activity i would like to do is tennis , i'm quite good at it and i have been playing for four years . 
i would like to know what type of clothes i should take and also if i need to take money with me . 
i would like to know what type of clothes i should take and also if i need to take any money with me . 
thanks for your attentions . 
thanks for your attention . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
ma . anni soler
ma . anni soler
13th june , 2000
13th june , 2000
dear kim , 
dear kim , 
hello girl how are you doing this days . i am great especially last weekend in the concert of backstreet boys . it was so exciting . 
hello girl , how are you doing these days ? i have been great , especially last weekend at the backstreet boys concert . it was so exciting . 
they were giving two concerts one in friday and the other one in saturday they invited me to go on friday . this is what happened: when i arrive they told me that i was helping in backstage with the scenery , then the group arrived , we chat for like 15 minutes then they had to go on stage . here is where the good part starts , i was doing the courtines ( opening and closing ) when nick came to me and ask me to go on stage with him , my heart started beating very hard . the next second i was in front of more than 2 thousand people dancing with the backstreet boys . i had a great time that day . 
they were giving two concerts , one on friday and the other one on saturday . they invited me to go on friday . this is what happened: when i arrived they told me that i was helping backstage with the scenery ; then the group arrived , we chat for like 15 minutes , then they had to go on stage . here is where the good part starts , i was doing the curtains ( opening and closing ) when nick came up to me and asked me to go on stage with him . my heart started beating very hard . the next second i was in front of more than 2 thousand people dancing with the backstreet boys . i had a great time that day . 
well i have to go now . hope to hear from you later on . 
well i have to go now . hope to hear from you later . 
love , 
love , 
anni . 
anni . 
dear madam , 
dear madam , 
at first , i want to say how i am happy to have won this prize and i want to thank you . 
first , i want to say how happy i am to have won this prize and i want to thank you . 
concerning the information you want i will give them . 
concerning the information you want , i will give it . 
i would like to travel on july because this is the only month given to me by my employer . i would prefer to have a log cabin because i can not sleep in a tent ( it is too hot and the floor is too hard for my back ) . concerning the two activities i have to choose , i would prefer to swim and play tennis ( i have a good level in each sports ) . 
i would like to travel in july because this is the only month off given to me by my employer . i would prefer to have a log cabin because i cannot sleep in a tent ( it is too hot and the floor is too hard for my back ) . concerning the two activities i have to choose , i would prefer to swim and play tennis ( i have a good level of proficiency in each sport ) . 
finally i would like to know how much money i have to prepare and which sorts of clothes are usually weared in california . 
finally i would like to know how much money i have to bring and what sorts of clothes are usually worn in california . 
yours faithfully
yours faithfully
pablo fernandez
pablo fernandez
many classes and activities are important in our school but i have to make a choice in order to select them the class of mecanics seem to be the more important lesson . it use a lot of technics that we learn in other classes . it gives us the knowledge usefull for many school club like the " marathon shell " club or the robotich club . besides it gives all the areas covered by a mecanic ingenier and it is very important in a school where you will probably become a mecanic ingenier it lets us specify our abilities in the part of mecanics that we prefer . but there are other lessons very important ( like english of course ! ) actually , i have a regret , there is no ethic lessons , it would show us how use our knowledge . 
many classes and activities are important in our school . but i have to make a choice in order to select from among them . the class of mechanics engineering engineering class seems to be the most important lesson . it uses a lot of techniques that we learn in other classes . it gives us knowledge useful for many school clubs , like the " marathon shell " club or the robotics club . besides it gives all the areas covered by a mechanical engineer and it is very important in a school where you will probably become a mechanical engineer . it lets us identify our abilities and the part of mechanics that we prefer . but there are other very important lessons ( like english of course ! ) actually , i have a regret - there is no ethics lesson . it would show us how to use our knowledge . 
dear helen ryan , 
dear helen ryan , 
i am writing you to give you the information you need , but first of all i would say that i am really delighted and i would thank you . 
i am writing to you to give you the information you need , but first of all i want to say that i am really delighted and i would like to thank you . 
if it would be possible i wish i travel in july because i have planned my holidays this month at work and i would not be able to remove them for accommodation , i would choice the log cabin , i am not very fond of " adventure " , that is why tents are not for me . i expect that these two weeks will be as a big rest . 
if it is possible i wish to travel in july because i have planned my holidays this month at work and i would not be able to move them . for . regarding accommodation , i would choose the log cabin . i am not very fond of " adventure " , which is why tents are not for me . i expect that these two weeks will be a big rest . 
third , you need to know which sport i want to to practise . i would choice photography and tennis . in photography , i am just a novice , nevertheless i have got a suitable camera . . . ( i guess that you shouldn't borrow some ! about tennis , i play for eight years and i am used to sit for competition . 
third , you need to know which sport i want to to do . i would choose photography and tennis . in photography , i am just a novice , nevertheless i have got a suitable camera . . . ( i guess that you shouldn't borrow one ! ) regarding tennis , i have played for eight years and i used to sit to enter competitions . 
to finish , i wonder if i need to bring some money or if all has been already payed and what kind of clothes should i bring ? 
to finish , i wonder if i need to bring some money or if everything has been already paid for and what kind of clothes should i bring ? 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
joachim delerm
joachim delerm
our engineer school is specealized in mecanics and thermodynamics . needless to said that we must faces our attention to these fields . 
our engineering school is specialised in mechanics and thermodynamics . needless to say , we must turn our attention to these fields . 
first , we could film fluid mecanics lessons and general mecanics lessons . i wonder if we could not feet between some short view of the laboratories , in which we could show student making experimentations . in order to strike people who will watch the film , we could record student drawing on the big drawing tables . i would do the same for thermodynamics . 
first , we could film the fluid mechanics lessons and the general mechanics lessons . i wonder if we could not feet between some short view of the laboratories , in which we could show a student doing experimentation experiments . in order to impress people who will watch the film , we could film a student drawing on the big drawing tables . i would do the same for thermodynamics . 
nevertheless , we should not forget the extra-life school . we have to show sports at school and all activities that we are offered . there are not only the brain which should be trained . futur students could appreciate to come if they could still practise their sport . 
nevertheless , we should not forget the extra-curricular life at school . we have to show sports at school and all the activities that we are offered . it is not only the brain which should be trained . future students could appreciate coming if they could still do their sport . 
another point to record woubl be the time we have got between lessons or at lunch time , it will show a part of the way of life in the school . 
another point to record would be the time we have got between lessons or at lunch time . it will show a part of the way of life in the school . 
if you want further information or if you disagree , tell me it . 
if you want further information or if you disagree , tell me about it . 
dear madame , 
dear madam , 
i have received your letter about the competition 'two weeks at camp california' - i am very glad to know to have won the first prize ! in the following you can find , i hope , call the information you need to complete the partecipation procedure . i would like to travel only on july because , as you already know , at the moment i am following a doctoral course at the cornell university: this school is closed on july and so , in that period , i am available for the camp . if possible , the accomodation i prefer is in tent . there are two main reasons for the choice: i am very keen on camping in high mountains and hills and i am very skilled in all the relative activities: building-up the tent , cooking on camp and so on . furthermore i have several personal objects that play a fundamental role in the camp daily life ( the tent , the sleep bag and so on . ) . among the proposed activities , i prefer swimming and singing . indeed , i like the water sport and i am a quite good guitar singer - some questions: what about the average temperature at the camp on july ? what are the better clothes to use at the camp ? how much money may be useful at the camp ? 
i have received your letter about the competition 'two weeks at camp california' - i am very glad to know that i have won the first prize ! in the following you can find , i hope , all the information you need to complete the participation enrolment procedure . i would like to travel only in july because , as you already know , at the moment i am following a doctoral course at cornell university: the school is closed in july and so , in that period , i am available for the camp . if possible , the type of accommodation i prefer is a tent . there are two main reasons for this choice: i am very keen on camping in high mountains and hills and i am very skilled in all the related activities: building up putting up the tent , cooking on camp and so on . furthermore i have several personal objects that play a fundamental role in the daily life of the camp ( the tent , the sleeping bag and so on . ) . among the proposed activities , i prefer swimming and singing . indeed , i like water sports and i am quite a good guitarist and singer . some questions: what is the average temperature at the camp in july ? what are the best clothes to wear at the camp ? how much money will i need at the camp ? 
i will be very glad to partecipate to your camp ! 
i will be very glad to participate in your camp ! 
yours faightfully 
yours faithfully 
steve galliano
steve galliano
our school , as it is well known , is a technical school and consequently the daily life contains different activities performed in the classrooms or in the laboratories . a short video , showed to the english class , must take into account all these aspects of the life of our school . here we can describe some lessons or other activities which can be filmed to create the video . the mathematical lessons are divided in two part : the theoretical one where the definitions and the theorems are presented to students and the numerical one where the problems are solved and the applications are explained . two particular activities are performed in the laboratory of physics and in the laboratory of chemistry . in the former some of the most important physical laws are experimentally verified by the students with the help of an assistant . in the latter many chemical reactions may be reproduced to show to the students the resulting effects and the final compounds generated . these activities are very interesting and they will be surely enclosed in the video . 
our school , as is well known , is a technical school and consequently its daily life consists of different activities performed in the classrooms or in the laboratories . a short video , shown to the english class , must take into account all these aspects of the life of our school . here we can describe some lessons or other activities which can be filmed for the video . the maths lessons are divided in two parts : the theoretical one where the definitions and the theorems are presented to students and the numerical one where the problems are solved and the applications are explained . two particular activities are performed in the physics laboratory and the chemistry laboratory . in the former some of the most important physical laws are experimentally verified by the students with the help of an assistant . in the latter many chemical reactions may be reproduced to show to the students the resulting effects and the final compounds generated . these activities are very interesting and they will surely be included in the video . 
moreover , many sport activities are performed in our school: swimming , tennis , gym , jogging and so on . some parts of the final video may describe these additional features of the school . 
moreover , many sports activities are performed in our school: swimming , tennis , gym , jogging and so on . some parts of the final video may show these additional features of the school . 
dear helen ryan , 
dear helen ryan , 
i am writing to reply on your letter concerned about the holidays at camp california in the u . sa as a first prize in the competition which i fortunately won last month . 
i am writing to reply to your letter about the holiday at camp california in the u . sa which is the first prize in the competition which i fortunately won last month . 
first of all , i want to know if it is possible to travel in july because during that month i will be free from the school's activities so my parents just let me go if i do not have to miss any of my classes . 
first of all , i want to know if it is possible to travel in july because during that month i will be free from the school's activities and my parents only let me go if i do not have to miss any of my classes . 
about the activities that i have to choose , i have to say that it is quite difficult for me because i really like sports , but i think the best option is swimming because i have been practicing it during 5 years so i want to keep on it . the other activity that i chose is painting , i am not as well as i want , nevertheless i think i can inprove my skills during this course . 
about the activities that i have to choose , i have to say that it is quite difficult for me because i really like sports , but i think the best option is swimming because i have been practising doing it for 5 years so i want to keep at it . the other activity that i chose is painting . i am not as good as i want , nevertheless i think i can improve my skills during this course . 
i would rather tends than log cabins for accommodation because the last summer i had the great opportunity to be in a log cabin and now i want to know the other one . i am sure it will be thrilling to stay near the nature and at the same time , it would be a new experience for me . 
i would rather have a tents tent than a log cabin for my accommodation because last summer i had the great opportunity to be in a log cabin and now i want to know what the other option . i am sure it will be thrilling to stay close to nature and , at the same time , it would be a new experience for me . 
i would like to know how is the weather in california during the summer to bring with me appropiate clothes and the last thing i need to know , is the amount of money that i have to bring with me . 
i would like to know how the weather is in california during the summer so i can bring with me the appropriate clothes and the last thing i need to know is the amount of money that i have to bring with me . 
if you need more information , please do not hesitate on writing me . 
if you need more information , please do not hesitate to write to me . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
to: john weller . 
to: john weller . 
from: raquel rossell . 
from: raquel rossell . 
re: suggestions for the film . 
re: suggestions for the film . 
introduction
introduction
to make easier and faster this report , it was necessary to make a questionarie which was gave out in the school . 
to make this report easier and faster , it was necessary to make a questionnaire which was given out in the school . 
after collecting the answers , i obtained the following results:
after collecting the answers , i obtained the following results:
1- it would be a good idea to film the computer centre , the listening room room and the library because as everybody knows , they have very good equipment and also they are comfortable places helping them to improve their english on their own . 
1- it would be a good idea to film the computer centre , the listening room room and the library because , as everybody knows , they have very good equipment and also they are comfortable places that help the students to improve their english on their own . 
2 - they also think , that filming some of the lessons that they usually have , known as " one-to-one " lessons , people who see this video , will be interested on knowing more about the school because a few english schools have this sort of classes . 
2 - they also think that through filming some of the lessons that they usually have , known as " one-to-one " lessons , people who see this video will become interested in knowing more about the school , because few english schools have this sort of class . 
3 - the least but not the last , a lot of students ( almost 85% ) think that the extra-activities organised by the social programme , has became really exciting , so they suggest filming these activites during the weekend , for example " the full day in oxford " because for those that did not have the opportunity to go there , could see how great it was and then they can attend the next time . however , 15% thougth that it was not a good idea because it would be boring to see other people enjoying and they mentioned it as not really important . 
3 - last but not least , a lot of students ( almost 85% ) think that the extra-curricular activities organised by the social programme have become really exciting . so they suggest filming these activites during the weekend , for example " the full day in oxford " because those who did not have the opportunity to go there could see how great it was and then they can attend the next time . however , 15% thought that it was not a good idea because it would be boring to see other people enjoying themselves and they mentioned it as not really important . 
conclusion
conclusion
as you can see , my clasemates and almost everybody in the school are happy with the facilities and activities that we have . despite of being almost 300 students , the answers were quite similar . 
as you can see , my classmates and almost everybody in the school are happy with the facilities and activities that we have . despite there being almost 300 students , the answers were quite similar . 
i do recommend to pay attention to the food in the cafeteria because even though it was not the main reason of this report , they also wrote complaning about that . 
i do recommend paying attention to the food in the cafeteria because , even though it was not the main subject of this report , they also wrote complaining to complain about it . 
if you need more information and the sheets that i collected , please do not hesitate on asking me for them . 
if you need more information or the sheets that i collected , please do not hesitate to ask me for them . 
dear helen ryan
dear helen ryan
i have just received your letter and i am really looking forward to going to this trip . here is some information you asked for and also a few questions . 
i have just received your letter and i am really looking forward to going on this trip . here is some information you asked for and also a few questions . 
i would like to travel in july , as it will be summer , and the weather will be nicer . accommodation in log cabins would be better for me , because they are more comfortable . 
i would like to travel in july , as it will be summer , and the weather will be nicer . regarding accommodation log cabins would be better for me , because they are more comfortable . 
one of the activities i will do is tennis , but i am just a beginner , so i would like someone to teach me . the other activity will be photography , which i am very good at . 
one of the activities i will do is tennis , but i am just a beginner , so i would like someone to teach me . the other activity will be photography , which i am very good at . 
i am wondering if there will be anywhere for me to wash my clothes , or if i will have them washed . i would also like to know how much money i should bring with me . 
i am wondering if there will be anywhere for me to wash my clothes , or if i will have them washed . i would also like to know how much money i should bring with me . 
i am waiting for your prompt reply . 
i am waiting for your prompt reply . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
bradley tudela . 
bradley tudela . 
shopping is not always enjoyable
shopping is not always enjoyable
many people enjoy going shoppings meeting friends and mainly spending their money , but sometimes shopping can be a terrible experience . 
many people enjoy going shopping , meeting friends and mainly spending their money , but sometimes shopping can be a terrible experience . 
the good side of this activity is that it can be a good leisure , provided you are not in a hurry . 
the good side of this activity is that it can be a good leisure , provided you are not in a hurry . 
on the other hand , when the shops are crowded ( for instance , just before christmas ) , going shopping can be very stressful , as you cannot walk freely and have to bear endless queues . another problem is the shortage of trolleys in supermarkets , which is very common when they are full of people . as if these were not enough , there are always impolite assistants , who make your day even worse . 
on the other hand , when the shops are crowded ( for instance , just before christmas ) , going shopping can be very stressful , as you cannot walk freely and have to endure endless queues . another problem is the shortage of trolleys in supermarkets , which is very common when they are full of people . as if this were not enough , there are always impolite assistants , who make your day even worse . 
summing up , going shopping can be a relaxing activity if you choose the right day , but be aware of how dangerous it can be for your patience . 
summing up , going shopping can be a relaxing activity if you choose the right day , but be aware of how dangerous it can be for your patience . 
dear ms helen ryan ! 
dear ms helen ryan ! 
i was pleased to recieve you letter ricently . i feel very happy with my results , and i can't wait to go to california . 
i was pleased to receive your letter recently . i feel very happy with my results , and i can't wait to go to california . 
now i'm going to give you some information , you asted about . 
now i'm going to give you some information you asked about . 
i'm sory to tell that , but the only time i will be able to take this trip in july , according to our team's shudule . 
i'm sorry to say this , but the only time i will be able to take this trip is in july , according to our team's schedule . 
the next thing - i would prefer to spend all nights in tent , so i can move it to the place will better suite me . - i like to wake up with a view to mountains , wich remind me about my 5 years experience in climbing . 
the next thing - i would prefer to spend all the nights in a tent , so i can move it to the place that will best suit me suit me best . i like to wake up with a view of mountains , which reminds me of my 5 years' experience of climbing . 
also i enjoy walking and photography . i made two albums about birds and flowers life . 
also i enjoy walking and photography . i filled have filled two albums with birds and flowers . 
so , is it posible , i would like to continue doing my favorite hobbies in the camp . 
so , is it possible ? i would like to continue doing my favourite hobbies in the camp . 
and the last question i have -
and the last question i have -
do i need to bring any special clothes or gize ? and how much money should i take ? 
do i need to bring any special clothes or gize ? and how much money should i take ? 
thank you , 
thank you , 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
elina
elina
shoping is not always enjoyable
shopping is not always enjoyable
if you need something you have a choice to borrow it from friends or library , or to bye it . 
if you need something you have a choice of borrowing it from friends or the library , or to buy buying it . 
let's speak about shoping . as in all there are some advantages and disadvantages . 
let's talk about shopping . as with everything there are some advantages and disadvantages . 
do you think it's enjoyable spending of time ? 
do you think it's an enjoyable way to spend time ? 
if you would ask me , i prefer my friends to do all shoping for me . because i aware of big lines to check point , crowds of people , noise . . . and of'course not all shops have good conditionering . 
if you were to ask me , i prefer my friends to do all my shopping for me , because i am aware of the big queues at the checkpoint checkout , crowds of people , noise . . . and of course not all shops have good air conditioning . 
in my opinion the better time for shoping is weekdays , preferably in the morning . 
in my opinion the best time for shopping is weekdays , preferably in the morning . 
otherwise , you either will not find what you are looking for , or you will , and spend the rest of the day in bad mood , because of bad maners of sales people , that not every time you ask can give you any advice . 
otherwise , you will either not find what you are looking for , or you will , and spend the rest of the day in a bad mood , because of the bad manners of sales people , who not every time you ask can give you advice do not give you advice every time you ask for it . 
it can be boring , it can be not . 
it can be boring , it can be interesting . 
summerise all , i will recomend to spend less time indoors , shopping during the weakdays . 
summarise to summarise everything , i would recommend spending less time indoors , shopping during the weekdays . 
dear sir , 
dear sir , 
i am writing to you because i receive your letter concerning the prize of two weeks in california that i have won . 
i am writing to you because i received your letter concerning the prize of two weeks in california that i have won . 
i would like to travel the first two weeks of july because in june i will be working and at the end of july i am planing to go to paris to attend a course of french . 
i would like to travel in the first two weeks of july because in june i will be working and at the end of july i am planning to go to paris to attend a french course . 
i would prefer to be accomodated in tents because i love camping but i don't mind also the second possibility . 
i would prefer to be accommodated put up in a tent because i love camping but also i don't mind the second possibility . 
in your letter you wrote that i will i the chance to do two activities; first of all i would like to play tennis because i have been plaing for seven years , secondly i would like to attend a course of surf but i have just some elementary knowledge . 
in your letter you wrote that i will have the chance to do two activities; first of all i would like to play tennis because i have been playing for seven years . secondly i would like to attend a course of surfing surfing course but i have just some elementary knowledge . 
i would like also to have more information about the cost and which kind of clothes you suggest to bring with me . 
i would like also to have more information about the cost and what kind of clothes you suggest i should bring with me . 
i am looking forward your reply
i am looking forward to your reply
your faithfully
yours faithfully
first of all i would like to say that i think it is important to concentrate this video in few but interesting part of our daily life at school
first of all i would like to say that i think it is important in this video to concentrate on a few interesting parts of our daily life at school
interesting will be to show how the lessons are organize , saing that we are never doing just one activitie during the class . we should speak about our library that it is well furnished of several books , tape and video . 
it interesting will be it will be interesting to show how the lessons are organized , saying showing that we are never doing just one activity during the class . we should speak about our library , that it is well furnished with many books , tapes and videos . 
after that we have to make sure that we explain how is it the relationship betwen teachers and students , showing the several time that we have been out together . 
after that we have to make sure that we explain about the relationship between teachers and students , showing the times that we have been out together . 
in addition i think should be reported in this video some personal opinion about the school asking students and teachers . 
in addition i think that should be reported in this video some personal opinions about the school some personal opinions about the school should be reported by asking students and teachers . 
finaly we should give some information also about our courses concerning tourism , buisness and computer . 
finally we should give some information also about our courses concerning tourism , business and computer tourism , business and computer courses . 
dear mrs . ryan , 
dear mrs . ryan , 
thank you very much for your letter . it is great that i could win the first prize in your competition , which means that i will have the possibility to spend two weeks at camp california in the u . s . a . i am sure it will be an exciting experience for me . 
thank you very much for your letter . it is great that i could win the first prize in your competition , which means that i will have the opportunity to spend two weeks at camp california in the u . s . a . i am sure it will be an exciting experience for me . 
as request following you will find the information you need . 
as requested you will find the information you need below . 
first , i would like to travel in july because my company is going to close for holiday at that period and it would suits me very well . 
first , i would like to travel in july because my company is going to close for the holiday at that time and it would suit me very well . 
secondly , i would prefer an accomodation in tent because i enjyoi being outside close to the nature . 
secondly , i would prefer an accommodation to stay in a tent because i enjoy being outside close to nature . 
thirdly , what the activities concern , which i can choose , it is a little bit difficult to decide because i would like to try all of them ! as i am very good at tennis and swimming i will choose these . i have won various little tennis tournaments in my country and abroad . and i am able to swim every style . finally , i have two questions . please let me know which clothes do i need then and how much money in cash and as travellers cheque shall i take with me . i look forward to hearing from you soon . 
thirdly , concerning the activities which i can choose , it is a little bit difficult to decide because i would like to try all of them ! as i am very good at tennis and swimming i will choose these . i have won various little tennis tournaments in my country and abroad , and i am able to swim in every style . finally , i have two questions . please let me know what clothes i need and how much money in cash and travellers cheques should i take with me . i look forward to hearing from you soon . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
e . elmo . 
e . elmo . 
sometimes the bad charachters in a story are more interesting than the good ones . 
sometimes the bad characters in a story are more interesting than the good ones . 
i completely agree with this statement . recently i have red a short story written by agatha christie . his title was: " the mistery of hunter's lodge " . the charachter which i liked most was that of mrs . havering , the mistress . 
i completely agree with this statement . recently i have read a short story written by agatha christie . its title was: " the mystery of hunter's lodge " . the character whom i liked most was that of mrs . havering , the mistress . 
it was very exciting because she could play at the same time two people : herself and the houskeeper . although from my point of view she planned the murder of his uncle and was able to do it . i think that her husband only followed what she ordered him . she was the head in this story . the plan was almost perfectly and the police hadn't discovered the murderer without the help of mr. poirot . 
it was very exciting because she could play two people at the same time : herself and the housekeeper . although from my point of view she planned the murder of his uncle and was able to do it , i think that her husband only followed her orders . she was the boss in this story . the plan was almost perfect and the police couldn't have discovered the murderer without the help of mr. poirot . 
in my opinion mrs . havering was a extremely intelligent person in addition to being a very good actress and this made this story full of suspense . moreover she must have had an " ice blood " and strong nerves to handle in that way . 
in my opinion mrs . havering was an extremely intelligent person in addition to being a very good actress and this made this story full of suspense . moreover she must have had an " ice blood " and strong nerves to handle things in that way . 
as far as i am concerned i would appreciate to have myself some of her characteristics , like take a decision and handle . 
as far as i am concerned i would appreciate having some of her characteristics myself , like take a decision and handle . 
13 , june 2000
13 , june 2000
dear sir or madam , 
dear sir or madam , 
firstly i would like to thank you for the two weeks that i am going to stay in the camp california
firstly i would like to thank you for the two weeks that i am going to spend at camp california
secondly , i will be able to travel on july because i am a manager so i can not travel another time . now i am going to answer a few questions: i think it is better for me to stay in a log cabin because i have terrible backaches so i can not sleep on the floor . i would like to sing and photograph , i've done a course about photography and i think that i am very good on it . in the other hand , i can not sing very well but i would like to do this there . 
secondly , i will be able to travel in july because i am a manager so i cannot travel another time . now i am going to answer a few questions: i think it is better for me to stay in a log cabin because i have terrible backaches so i cannot sleep on the floor . i would like to sing and take photographs . i've done a course in photography and i think that i am very good at it . on the other hand , i cannot sing very well but i would like to do this activity there . 
i would like to know which type of clothes i will wear there , would you check the weather forecast for me , please ? and how much money i am going to need to have there with me ? 
i would like to know what type of clothes i should wear there . would you check the weather forecast for me , please ? and how much money am i going to need to have there with me ? 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely . 
yours sincerely . 
maria sophia candoso . 
maria sophia candoso . 
the lost wallet
the lost wallet
a long time ago , when i started working , i received my first pay and went to a shopping center to spend my money with my credit card . i bought everything i wanted . 
a long time ago , when i started working , i received my first paycheque and went to a shopping center to spend my money on my credit card . i bought everything i wanted . 
finaly the day to pay my credit card arrives and where was my money ? i started to look in everywhere . i've asked my mom and my friends and everybody didn't know where it was . my mom said:
finally the day to pay my credit card arrived and where was my money ? i started to look everywhere . i asked my mom and my friends and nobody knew where it was . my mom said:
' you've told me that you were going to put it in your wallet . '
' you told me that you were going to put it in your wallet . '
i started to look for my wallet and i couldn't find it , lighter . now i was without my money and my wallet . what could i do ? 
i started to look for my wallet and i couldn't find it , lighter . now i was without my money and my wallet . what could i do ? 
suddenly the door bell rang . i went to see who was there . it was and old woman asking who was maria . 
suddenly the door bell rang . i went to see who was there . it was an old woman asking who maria was . 
' it's me ! ' i said . 
' that's me ! ' i said . 
that's when she showed me my wallet and said she had found it on the sit of the eating-place of the shopping center that i went that day ! 
that's when she showed me my wallet and said she had found it on the seat at the eating-place at the shopping center that i went to that day ! 
dear sir or madam , 
dear sir or madam , 
i am writing to reply your letter in which you let me know i had won the first prize in your competition . 
i am writing to reply to your letter in which you let me know i have won the first prize in your competition . 
i would like to travel in july as it is the only month in this year when i do not have any exams . i am currently attending university and i have exams all term long . 
i would like to travel in july as it is the only month this year when i do not have any exams . i am currently attending university and i have exams all term long . 
for accommodation i would prefer a tent , as i love nature and i like going camping a lot . 
regarding accommodation i would prefer a tent , as i love nature and i like going camping a lot . 
about the two activities i have to choose i will take surfing and basketball . i know very little about surfing , it is almost something new for me . i have only practised it once . but , on the other side , i am a good basketball player , and i practise it three or four times a week as i play in the university team . 
regarding the two activities i have to choose i will take surfing and basketball . i know very little about surfing , it is almost something new for me . i have only done it once . but , on the other hand , i am a good basketball player , and i play three or four times a week as i play in the university team . 
there are some things i would like to know first of all , the kind of clothes i should take with me . then , if i need to take any money to the camp . and finally , if you could tell when would i be leaving and coming back . 
there are some things i would like to know first of all : the kind of clothes i should take with me ; then , if i need to take any money to the camp ; and finally , if you could tell me when i would be leaving and coming back . 
yours sincerly 
yours sincerely 
dear kim , 
dear kim , 
hi ! how are you ? how are you doing at school ? i have a terrible cold but i feel ok anyway . i got it two weeks ago in a concert , but although i've been to the doctor , i can't get over it yet ! 
hi ! how are you ? how are you doing at school ? i have a terrible cold but i feel ok anyway . i got it two weeks ago at a concert , but although i've been to the doctor , i can't get over it ! 
well , but i don't regret going to that concert . it was wonderful ! you know i love designing clothes , and there i had the chance to make a dream come true . 
but i don't regret going to that concert . it was wonderful ! you know i love designing clothes , and there i had the chance to make a dream come true . 
a friend of mine was organising a pop concert , and as he knew me well , he asked me if i'd like to design the clothes the pop singers would wear in the show . of course , i accepted immediately very pleased . 
a friend of mine was organising the pop concert , and as he knew me well , he asked me if i'd like to design the clothes the pop singers would wear in the show . of course , i accepted immediately , very pleased . 
it was a marvellous experience , i really enjoyed working with such a nice team , they were really kind with me . and , as if it wasn't enough , doing what i love ! it's something i will never forget . 
it was a marvellous experience . i really enjoyed working with such a nice team , they were really kind to me . and , as if that wasn't enough , i was doing what i love ! it's something i will never forget . 
and tell me , are you planning coming back to visit me ? please let me know if you have some days free so as to organise a little journey together . well , i think i'd better close now . write back soon ! love , 
and tell me , are you planning to come back to visit me ? please let me know if you have some days free so we can organise a little journey together . well , i think i'd better finish now . write back soon ! love , 
dear sir/ madame , 
dear sir/ madam , 
i'm writeng with reference to your letter . i've being very thrilled , when i've known , that i won first prize in your competition . i always dreamed about going to the california and now my dreams are coming truth . 
i'm writing with reference to your letter . i was really thrilled , when i found out that i won first prize in your competition . i always dreamed about going to california and now my dreams are coming true . 
if it's possible , i would like to travel only july , because my school won't be finished earlier . i couldn't go august , either , because i promised to go to masurian lakes with my friends . 
if it's possible , i would only like to travel in july , because my school won't be finished earlier . i couldn't go in august , either , because i promised to go to masurian lakes with my friends . 
if i had a choice , i would prefer to live in tent then in a log cabin . i can't imagine real holidays without a tent . it's one of the most important things for me , to have a chance to forget about all my present , luxurious life and try doing something different . 
if i had a choice , i would prefer to stay in a tent then in a log cabin . i can't imagine real holidays without a tent . it's one of the most important things for me , to have a chance to forget about all my present , luxurious life and try doing something different . 
i would be very grateful , if you gave me a possibility of singing . i've always wanted to learn singing professionaly , but i've never had an occasion . i'm very keen on swimming , too . normally , i live in the seaside and i couldn't live without this sport . last year i was even champion of my school in crawl for one hundred meters . distance . 
i would be very grateful , if you gave me the possibility of singing . i've always wanted to learn to sing professionally , but i've never had an opportunity . i'm very keen on swimming , too . normally , i live by the seaside and i couldn't live without this sport . last year i was even champion of my school in crawl for one hundred meters . 
i would like to ask you what clothes should i take with me ? my mother told me , that when she had been there two years ago it was really hot . should i take with me a lot of money ? you know , i'm only a student . 
i would like to ask you , what clothes should i take with me ? my mother told me , that when she was there two years ago it was really hot . should i take with me a lot of money ? you know , i'm only a student . 
i look forward to hearing from you soon . 
i look forward to hearing from you soon . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
halina lipnicka
halina lipnicka
hallo , kim ! 
hallo , kim ! 
thanks for your last letter . i'm sorry i haven't rewritten sooner , but i was very busy . i must tell you that helping at pop concerts is very exciting , but very tiring too , so i had to rest . 
thanks for your last letter . i'm sorry i haven't replied sooner , but i was very busy . i must tell you that helping at pop concerts is very exciting , but very tiring too , so i had to rest . 
you asked me about my experiences . well , it was the best time of my life ! i worked all days , but i did it with pleasure . we lived here in rush , but there was a lot of fun , too . i was very surprised , when i saw that singers aren't so sophisticated and self-confident as they are written in the newspapers . 
you asked me about my experiences . well , it was the best time of my life ! i worked all day , but i did it with pleasure . we lived here in rush , but there was a lot of fun , too . i was very surprised , when i saw that singers aren't so sophisticated and self-confident as they are described in the newspapers . 
one day i was talking to stenkovska , because i had to go to buy something to eat for everyone , so i should ask her what did she want . when she tried to answear me , one small child made her a picture with flesh . imagine , she weren't angry ! she said he should do it again , because she had stupid features ! if i were she , i would kill that boy , but she was nice ! 
one day i was talking to stenkovska , because i had to go to buy something to eat for everyone , so i had to ask her what she wanted . when she tried to answer me , one small child took her picture with a flash . imagine , she wasn't angry ! she said he should do it again , because she had stupid features ! if i were her , i would kill that boy , but she was nice ! 
trully , my work here wasn't very important , but i relly enjoyed it . i've met here so many new people ! sometimes somebody should on me , but i have to say they are often right . well , i made couple mistakes . the hardest was , when i brought a pepperoni pizza for kubulska , but she doesn't eat meat ! 
truly , my work here wasn't very important , but i really enjoyed it . i've met so many new people here ! sometimes somebody should on me , but i have to say they are often right . well , i made a couple of mistakes . the hardest was , when i brought a pepperoni pizza for kubulska , but she doesn't eat meat ! 
but , for luck , it wasn't achieved with succes of our concert . you have to admit , that the show was magnificent . i hope you had a great fun when you was watching us at the tv set , didn't you ? 
but , luckily , it wasn't achieved with success of our concert . you have to admit , that the show was magnificent . i hope you had great fun when you were watching us on the tv set , did you ? 
o . k . that's all for today . i'll write you again tomorrow , because now my mom is angry , the i'am not sleeping yet . write soon ! i can't hardly wait . give my best to your parents . 
o . k . that's all for today . i'll write to you again tomorrow , because now my mom is angry , the i am not sleeping yet . write soon ! i can hardly wait . give my best to your parents . 
hugs and kisses
hugs and kisses
halina . 
halina . 
dear mr. ryan , 
dear mr. ryan , 
i'm writing this letter to express that the results catch me absolutely by surprise ! 
i'm writing this letter to say that the results catch me absolutely by surprise ! 
i would probably enjoy most travelling in july because i had to pass my literature exams before and i'm taking it in june . 
i would probably enjoy travelling in july because i have to take my literature exams before then and i'm taking them in june . 
answerin to another of your questions , i' prefer to have accomodation on log cabins , because of my column problem which don't let me sleep on the ground ( or on a sleeping bag ) . 
answering to answer another of your questions , i'd prefer to have accommodation a log cabin , because of my back problem , which won't let me sleep on the ground ( or in a sleeping bag ) . 
during my stay at the camp i'm really fond of keeping my tennis and swimming routines . 
during my stay at the camp i'm really keen on keeping to my tennis and swimming routines i'm really keen on keeping to my tennis and swimming routines during my stay at the camp . 
i usually swim three times a week in order to mantein a column treatment which my doctor have recommended me to do . also , if i have any leisure time between school and piano lessons , i practise tennis . 
i usually swim three times a week in order to maintain a back treatment which my doctor has recommended me to follow . also , if i have any leisure time between school and piano lessons , i play tennis . 
so , and if it possible , i was interested on the possibility of cover my routin there . 
so , if possible , i was interested in the possibility of covering continuing my routine there . 
lastly , i would like you to tell me if i had to carry some money with me to buy food or drinks and how the climate of the camping area is for prepairing my luggage putting only the aproppiates clothes . 
lastly , i would like you to tell me if i have to bring some money with me to buy food or drinks and how the climate of the camping area is so i can preparing prepare pack my luggage , bringing only the appropriate clothes . 
looking forward to hear from you
looking forward to hearing from you
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
'this is such a marvellous book you will want to read it again' . 
'this is such a marvellous book you will want to read it again' . 
are you a science fiction histories lover ? are you love the idea of know how a martian is ? if you really find reading this kind of book interesting , you won't miss this book . 
are you a science fiction stories lover ? do you love the idea of knowing how a martian is ? if you really find reading this kind of book interesting , you shouldn't miss this book . 
during , the last month i've been reading " a window on the universe " an oxford bookmarks collection book . this book contained nine stories which was written by well knowns writters like ray bradbury . 
during the last month i've been reading " a window on the universe " , an oxford bookmarks collection book . this book contained nine stories which were written by well known well-known writers like ray bradbury . 
but the main purpouse of the book is allow you to fly with your imagination and have a looking of how a life going to be in the future , when , perhaps the world will be commanded by machines . 
but the main purpose of the book is to allow you to fly with your imagination and to have a glimpse of how life is going to be in the future , when , perhaps the world will be ruled by machines . 
i think that this is a marvellous book to read , because you are able to put your mind up against themes like " human race extintion " and also obtain a comparison between human-mind and computers . 
i think that this is a marvellous book to read , because you are able to put your mind up against themes like " human race extinction the extinction of the human race " and also to obtain to make a comparison between the human mind and computers . 
so , if you are looking through a " really splendid scient fiction book " i will recommend you to read " a window . . " and i'm sure that when you finish reading it you wanna read it again , and again . . . ! 
so , if you are looking for a " really splendid science fiction book " i will recommend you to read " a window . . " and i'm sure that when you finish reading it you will want to read it again , and again . . . ! 
dear helen ryan ; 
dear helen ryan : 
thank you very much for your letter and for this competition . 
thank you very much for your letter and for this competition . 
first i would like to answer your questions . i am only available on july , is it fine for you ? because , the only time i can take holiday is july . i would prefer log cabins , i think they are more comfortable and safer than tents . 
first i would like to answer your questions . i am only available in july . is that okay for you ? this is because the only time i can take a holiday is july . i would prefer log cabins . i think they are more comfortable and safer than tents . 
about the two activities i choose swimming and painting . i choose swimming because i am very good at swimming and i like it very much . i took swimming courses for four years . and the reason i choose painting is it's being very exciting to me , i am not very good at this subject but i would improve my painting . 
regarding the two activities , i choose swimming and painting . i choose swimming because i am very good at swimming and i like it very much . i took swimming lessons for four years . and the reason i choose painting is it's very exciting for me . i am not very good at this subject but i will improve my painting . 
i would like to ask whather you have competitions or different activities ? do you reccomend me to take only summer clothes or some winter clothes as well ? is it very expensive area ? i mean would 700 be enough for me for one week ? 
i would like to ask whether you have competitions or different activities . do you recommend me to take only summer clothes or some winter clothes as well ? is it a very expensive area ? i mean would 700 be enough for me for one week ? 
thank you very much for your interest 
thank you very much for your interest . 
i look forward to hearing from you 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
dear kim , 
dear kim , 
it's been a long time not to write to you , i'm really sorry but i was very busy . i worked untill midnight everyday . 
it's been a long time since i wrote to you . i'm really sorry but i was very busy . i worked until midnight every day . 
actually i don't work , you know , i had been decorating a concert hall for a pop concert . it was very important for us because we really wanted people to enjoy it . 
actually i don't work , you know . i have been decorating a concert hall for a pop concert . it was very important for us because we really wanted people to enjoy it . 
it was very enjoyable i met lots of friends we'd been together all day , painting the walls , cleaning putting some baloons and other staff everywhere . and at the time of concert we wore a big funny costume , and danced with people . everybody liked it very much , anyway we worked for that . 
it was very enjoyable . i made lots of friends . we were together all day , painting the walls , cleaning and putting up some balloons and other stuff everywhere . and at the time of the concert we wore big funny costumes , and danced with people . everybody liked it very much . anyway we worked for that . 
the most i like was meeting with the band . guess what the name of the band is; back street boys . oh , my god they're so nice , talkative , funny , people . but you know they're a bit spoilt . 
what i liked most was meeting the band . guess what the name of the band is; back street boys . oh , my god , they're such nice , talkative , funny , people . but you know they're a bit spoilt . 
i have to finish or i'll miss the last post . 
i have to finish or i'll miss the last post . 
bye for now , write to me soon
bye for now , write to me soon
love , 
love , 
13/06/00
13/06/00
dear helen ryan
dear helen ryan
i am really pleased to hear from you i won first prize in the competition . it is the thing i really want . 
i am really pleased to hear from you that i won first prize in the competition . it is the thing i really want . 
how i am going to answer the questions you asked me in the letter . first , i am afraid but i can travel only in july . i've got three-month holiday from june to august but i've already promised my aunt , who runs a small nursing home in andover , to help her during june and in august . i have to work to get my next-term tuition fee . so july is the only month i can take part in your activities . second , regarding accomodation , i'd like to stay in a log cabin . i am very sensitive to noise especially at night and tend to catch a cold even in summer . 
now i am going to answer the questions you asked me in the letter . first , i am afraid i can only travel in july . i've got a three-month holiday from june to august but i've already promised my aunt , who runs a small nursing home in andover , to help her during june and in august . i have to work to get my next-term tuition fee . so july is the only month i can take part in your activities . second , regarding accommodation , i'd like to stay in a log cabin . i am very sensitive to noise especially at night and tend to catch a cold even in summer . 
and i love to learn surfing and painting . i am quite good at swimming but i never tried to do surfing . so this time i am really keen on learning that . i also love painting . i expect you have lovely nature in california for me to draw on my canvas . 
and i would love to learn surfing and painting . i am quite good at swimming but i never tried surfing . so this time i am really keen on learning that . i also love painting . i expect you have lovely countryside in california for me to draw on my canvas . 
let me ask a question about clothes and money . what kind of clothes do i need and how much money do i have to take . 
let me ask a question about clothes and money . what kind of clothes do i need and how much money do i have to take ? 
i am really looking forward to going there and your reply . 
i am really looking forward to going there and to your reply . 
yours faithfully
yours faithfully
yun sandra
yun sandra
shopping is not always enjoyable
shopping is not always enjoyable
i love shopping . but i can't help accepting it is true that shopping is not always enjoyable . 
i love shopping . but i can't help accepting it is true that shopping is not always enjoyable . 
for example , any shops are too busy to enjoy shopping in at weekends . sometimes customers' trolleys run into each other and they have to wait ages to go through check-ins . what's worse , there is usually traffic jam around or along roads to a big supermarket and a shopping mall . and if an accident takes place on the roads , it can be a nightmare . so i prefer shopping at weekdays unless i am busy or have an appointment . 
for example , all shops are too busy to enjoy shopping in at weekends . sometimes customers' trolleys run into each other and they have to wait ages to go through check-ins . what's worse , there is usually a traffic jam around or along roads to a big supermarket and a shopping mall . and if an accident takes place on the roads , it can be a nightmare . so i prefer shopping on weekdays unless i am busy or have an appointment . 
however , people can't have a good time even at weekdays while shopping . shopping gets them tired as they have to walk for a long time to find the things they want to get . in addition , they can get angry with a shop assistant because of bad service . 
however , people can't have a good time even on weekdays while shopping . shopping gets them tired as they have to walk for a long time to find the things they want to get . in addition , they can get angry with a shop assistant because of bad service . 
for the handicapped , going shopping is not easy and it can be very bothering unless shops have facilities for them . 
for the handicapped , going shopping is not easy and it can be very annoying unless shops have facilities for them . 
despite all these things which show that shopping is not always enjoyable , people have to go shopping . otherwise they can have lots of problem and difficult to live . 
despite all these things which show that shopping is not always enjoyable , people have to go shopping . otherwise they can have lots of problems and it is difficult to live . 
dear mrs . ryan , 
dear mrs . ryan , 
thank you very much for the letter you sent me . i am very happy in winning this prize and i hope my stay there will be great ! 
thank you very much for the letter you sent me . i am very happy to win this prize and i hope my stay there will be great ! 
first of all , i can only travel in july because i have tests at school and they are very important to me and i hope you will understand my problem . and i will like to be accommodated in a log cabin , because i do not like sleeping in tents , because of the bugs and insects . 
first of all , i can only travel in july because i have exams at school and they are very important to me and i hope you will understand my problem . and i will would like to stay in a log cabin , because i do not like sleeping in tents , because of the bugs and insects . 
for the activities i would like to chose the tennis activities , which i am not too bad at , and climbing , which i have never done but must be interesting . 
for the activities i would like to choose the tennis , which i am not too bad at , and climbing , which i have never done but which must be interesting . 
i would like to know if i need to take any clothes , and , if yes , what kind of clothes ? i also want to know if i should take any money , or if all the expences are payed by you . i am looking forward to your reply . 
i would like to know if i need to take any clothes , and , if so , what kind of clothes ? i also want to know if i should take any money , or if all the expenses are paid by you . i am looking forward to your reply . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
santiago
santiago
shopping is not always enjoyable
shopping is not always enjoyable
sometimes people go to the mall to look at products and don't even buy anything . but of course , there are some exceptions . for example , when you buy something , you might lose it and never again see it , or you could be robbed , or even if the product has something wrong with it , then you have to swap it and that takes time . 
sometimes people go to the mall to look at products and don't even buy anything . but of course , there are some exceptions . for example , when you buy something , you might lose it and never see it again , or you could be robbed , or if the product has something wrong with it , then you have to swap it and that takes time . 
and sometimes the credit card machines don't work , or they don't accept your card or even if you have exceeded the limit of your credit card . 
and sometimes the cashpoint machines don't work , or they don't accept your card or you have exceeded the limit on your credit card . 
another bad thing is that people want something very badly , and they can't afford it . that makes those people frustrated and they don't enjoy theirselves . 
another bad thing is that people want some things very badly , and they can't afford them . that makes those people frustrated and they don't enjoy themselves . 
dear mrs . ryan , 
dear mrs . ryan , 
i was very pleased to learn that i had won the first prize in your competition ! 
i was very pleased to learn that i had won the first prize in your competition ! 
to answer your questions , i'd like to travel only on july , as it is the only moment when i can take my holidays . 
to answer your questions , i'd like to travel only in july , as it is the only time when i can take my holidays . 
i'd prefer to sleep in tents rather than log cabins: sleeping in tents seems to correspond to a " spirit of adventure " to me , what i particularly like; in the opposite , log cabins are more " traditional " and a less interesting experience . 
i'd prefer to sleep in tents rather than log cabins: sleeping in tents seems to correspond to a " spirit of adventure " to me , which i particularly like; in contrast , log cabins are more " traditional " and a less interesting experience . 
i'm very interested in basketball and sailing , which are both team activities . 
i'm very interested in basketball and sailing , which are both team activities . 
as i was a child , i was very good at basketball , even one of the best of my class . i like playing in team and deciding quickly what to do next . these reasons are why i'd also like sailing . sailing means an ever renewed adventure as you cannot control the atmospherical conditions . please , don't forget to tell me how much money i need . 
when i was a child , i was very good at basketball , even one of the best in my class one of the best in my class even . i like playing in a team and deciding quickly what to do next . these reasons are why i'd also like to go sailing . sailing means an ever renewed adventure as you cannot control the atmospheric conditions . please , don't forget to tell me how much money i need . 
i think you very much in advance for your kind assistance . 
i thank you very much in advance for your kind assistance . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
shopping is not always enjoyable
shopping is not always enjoyable
the first idea about shopping is that buying something will make a pleasure to the buyer and for that reason , will be enjoyable . 
the first idea about shopping is that buying something will be a pleasure for the buyer and , for that reason , will be enjoyable . 
but this is not always the case: at first , you see a very pretty item which you'd like to try . when you ask to , the seller offen answers that your size is missing . hopeful , you try to find the same thing in another shop . you ask the seller for your size . his answer is: " everything is here , madam ! " as you understand that you won't get any help , you waste your time looking for the right size . 
but this is not always the case: at first , you see a very pretty item which you'd like to try on . when you ask to , the sales person often answers that your size is out of stock . hopefully , you try to find the same thing in another shop . you ask the sales person for your size . his answer is: " everything is here , madam ! " as you understand that you won't get any help , you waste your time looking for the right size . 
finally , you find the right one but you don't have enough money . at the time you realise it , you also realise that the shop is closing in five minutes . 
finally , you find the right one but you don't have enough money . the moment you realise that , you also realise that the shop is closing in five minutes . 
so , you run to the bank but have to wait for the queue . there is only one minute left ! it's your turn and you do as quick as possible . you run back to the shop and get your item . but now , you are very tired and need a good rest ! 
so , you run to the bank but have to wait in the queue . there is only one minute left ! it's your turn and you do as quickly as possible . you run back to the shop and get your item . but now , you are very tired and need a good rest ! 
dear mr. ryan:
dear mr. ryan:
i am writing in connection with the information requested , concerning the two-week trip i have won in the competition . 
i am writing in connection with the information requested , concerning the two-week trip i have won in the competition . 
firstly , i was asked the time my trip would be and i have come to a conclusion that the only time i will be able to go is in july because during this very month i have my winter break both from work and school and that is when i will be free to go . 
firstly , i was asked when my trip would be and i have come to the conclusion that the only time i will be able to go is in july because during that month i have my winter break both from work and school and that is when i will be free to go . 
about accomodation in tents or log cabins , i would enjoy much more being in tents as i believe is the right type of accomodation for going camping ? 
regarding accommodation in tents or log cabins , i would enjoy much more being in a tent as i believe that is the right type of accommodation for going camping . 
another point mentioned was the choice of activities . i would like to try sailing as i have never sailed before and also climbing as i enjoy hiking a lot . i actually have much resistance and balance so that will help me in both activities . 
another point mentioned was the choice of activities . i would like to try sailing as i have never sailed before and also climbing as i enjoy hiking a lot . i actually have a lot of stamina and balance so that will help me in both activities . 
now , i would like to request some information about clothes and money . what type of clothes and how much money should i take with me ? 
now , i would like to request some information about clothes and money . what type of clothes and how much money should i take with me ? 
i look forward to receiving your reply and hope the information above will helpful towards the preparation for the weeks in subject . 
i look forward to receiving your reply and hope the information above will help towards the preparation for the weeks in question . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
gabriela matos
gabriela matos
right size , right colour
right size , right colour
men tease women as being shop-cravers and for having shopping as the nicest passtime . however that impression is not always true . 
men tease women for being shopping addicts and for having shopping as their favourite pastime . however , that impression is not always true . 
everyone enjoys wearing nice new clothes , however do we really like the process of chosing them ? at times , it is not only the matter of having to make a choice but the trouble of finding something , which can kill a lot of time and specially when your doesn't fit with the in fashion . the colour along with the style and size , blue or red , long or short , medium or large . 
everyone enjoys wearing nice new clothes . however , do we really like the process of choosing them ? at times , it is not only a matter of having to make a choice but the trouble of finding something which can waste a lot of time and especially when your taste doesn't fit in with the fashion . the colour along with the style and size , blue or red , long or short , medium or large . 
what is more , we can say that price is often very off-putting as well . most people usually go shopping for something which is affordable , and many times they find , for example , a dress , they like a lot but they cannot buy it because it is terribly expensive . then , i consider a pain having to go around some more still thinking of that same dress . 
what is more , we can say that price is often very off-putting as well . most people usually go shopping for something which is affordable , and many times they find , for example , a dress they like a lot but they cannot buy it because it is terribly expensive . then , i consider it a pain having to go around some more still thinking of that same dress . 
finally , you always talk yourself into some piece of clothing but that ended up being a tiring day of going in and out of fitting rooms and figuring out discounts . etc . 
finally , you always talk yourself into some piece of clothing but that ended up being a tiring day of going in and out of fitting rooms and figuring out discounts . etc . 
is that enjoyable ? 
is that enjoyable ? 
dear ms helen ryan , 
dear ms helen ryan , 
thank you for first prize . i was glad to win your competition . i look forward to coming soon . 
thank you for first prize . i was glad to win your competition . i look forward to coming soon . 
i would like to travel in july . because it is the only free time i will have . 
i would like to travel in july , because it is the only time i will have free . 
i was very happy to hear that all accommodation and travel costs are paid for . and i would prefer tent to log cabin . because i have had experiance to leve in tent and i like it very much . 
i was very happy to hear that all accommodation and travel costs are paid for . and i would prefer a tent to a log cabin , because i have had experience of to live stay staying in a tent and i like it very much . 
thank you for chance to do two activities . i would like to choose tennis and photography . i play tennis since i was ten years of age . in my opinion tennis is the best sport i have ever plaed . another activity what i have chosen is photography . i have just finished profesional photographer course and i would like to continiew my education in this activity . 
thank you for the chance to do two activities . i would like to choose tennis and photography . i have played tennis since i was ten years of age . in my opinion tennis is the best sport i have ever played . another activity which i have chosen is photography . i have just finished a professional photography course and i would like to continue my education in this activity . 
i would like to ask some questions . 
i would like to ask some questions . 
first of all what kind of clothes i have to take with me ? 
first of all what kind of clothes do i have to take with me ? 
also , how much money i have to take ? 
also , how much money do i have to take ? 
look forward to hearing from you . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
dear kim , 
dear kim , 
thank you for your letter . i was glad to hear from you . 
thank you for your letter . i was glad to hear from you . 
like i said , i'd helped at a pop concert . i liked it very much . it was very interesting and enjoing . 
like i said , i helped at a pop concert . i liked it very much . it was very interesting and enjoying enjoyable . 
a pop concert had ten pop bands . each of them must sang two songs . after all they chose three best bands . 
the pop concert had ten pop bands . each of them must sing had to sing two songs . after that they chose the three best bands . 
while this concert i saw a lot of popular singers . for example: maraya kary , tom jone; madonna . i saw the " boys on " . i knew you love them and i took two autographs for you and of course for myself . 
at this concert i saw a lot of popular singers . for example: maraya kary , tom jone; madonna . i saw the " boys on " . i knew you love them and i got two autographs for you and of course for myself . 
afterwards " boys on " won the first prize . 
afterwards " boys on " won the first prize . 
i was shoked because i had alredy spoken with them and i had taken two autographs . 
i was shocked because i had already spoken with them and i had got two autographs . 
another part of my experiance at pop concert when we will meet each other . 
another part of my experience at the pop concert when we meet each other . 
look forward to hearing from you soon . 
look forward to hearing from you soon . 
love , 
love , 
dear ms helen ryan , 
dear ms helen ryan , 
i am really pleased hearing from you , i won the prize . so i can go camping for two weeks . it must be great . 
i am really pleased to hear from you that i won the prize . so i can go camping for two weeks . it must be great . 
as regards your questions , i would like to travel in july because at the moment i am a student and my summer holiday will start on 27th june so i can go to u . s . a in july and i prefer staying in tents because i have never experienced camping in the tent . so exciting ! 
as regards your questions , i would like to travel in july because at the moment i am a student and my summer holiday will start on 27th june so i can go to the u . s . a in july and i prefer staying in tents because i have never experienced camping in a tent . so exciting ! 
and i would like to have chances to play tennis and go swimming . in case of swimming , i am really good at it but i just started playing tennis before 3 weeks . however , i am very enjoying playing tennis . 
and i would like to have chances to play tennis and go swimming . in the case of swimming , i am really good at it but i just started playing tennis ago 3 weeks 3 weeks ago . however , i am really enjoying playing tennis . 
further , i have a question . actually i have never gone camping so i really have no idea about that . i wonder which clothes are suitable for your camping . and how about the money ? do you think if there is some occasions to spend money or not ? i am really expecting going camping
further , i have a question . actually i have never been camping so i really have no idea about that . i wonder which clothes are suitable for your camping . and how about the money ? do you know if there are some occasions to spend money or not ? i am really looking forward to going camping
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
jae kwai
jae kwai
dear sirs , 
dear sirs , 
i cannot express how happy i was reading your letter about the prize i won and about 2 wonderful weeks i am going to spend at camp california in the usa . 
i cannot express how happy i was reading your letter about the prize i won and about 2 wonderful weeks i am going to spend at camp california in the usa . 
with regard to your questions . first of all , i would be very happy if you could arrange my trip and stay at the camp for july . i will still be at school in june , and i am going to spend the whole august on a training camp with my club . july is really the only available time i have . 
with regard to your questions . first of all , i would be very happy if you could arrange my trip and stay at the camp for july . i will still be at school in june , and i am going to spend the whole of august on a training camp with my club . july is really the only available time i have . 
if possible , i would prefer to stay in a log cabin . i spend 3 weeks in a tent last year and it wasn't the best experience of my life . i would like to avoid tents if possible . 
if possible , i would prefer to stay in a log cabin . i spent 3 weeks in a tent last year and it wasn't the best experience of my life . i would like to avoid tents if possible . 
you offered me a really wide range of activities to choose from , but i would have to go for basketball and tennis . i can say it with confidence that i am quite good at basketball - i play it for my school's team and i am going to train it in august as well - i don't want to loose touch with it . tennis is just something new that i recently discovered and i am still on a beginner level . it seems like a good oportunity to practice it . 
you offered me a really wide range of activities to choose from , but i would have to go for basketball and tennis . i can say it with confidence that i am quite good at basketball - i play it for my school's team and i am going to train in it in august as well - i don't want to lose touch with it . tennis is just something new that i recently discovered and i am still at beginner level . it seems like a good opportunity to practise it . 
finally , i would appreciate if you could send me some information about the weather in california at this time of year . i am a little concerned about the clothes that i should take . does it rain a lot there ? 
finally , i would appreciate it if you could send me some information about the weather in california at this time of year . i am a little concerned about the clothes that i should take . does it rain a lot there ? 
another thing is money . how much money do you think i should take with me ? will you arrange a place where i could keep the money secure during my stay at the camp ? 
another thing is money . how much money do you think i should take with me ? will you arrange a place where i could keep the money safe during my stay at the camp ? 
i look forward to hearing from you and i can't wait going to usa . 
i look forward to hearing from you and i can't wait to go to the usa . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
" shopping is not always enjoyable " 
" shopping is not always enjoyable " 
in my humble opinion , shopping is one of he most stressful and boring activities people do in life . 
in my humble opinion , shopping is one of the most stressful and boring activities people do in life . 
if i was asked to choose the least attractive thing that i have to do on everyday basis , shopping would most definitely be placed somewhere on top of the list . if it would be possible i would rather have someone else doing shopping for me . 
if i was asked to choose the least attractive thing that i have to do on an everyday basis , shopping would most definitely be placed somewhere at the top of the list . if it were possible i would rather have someone else doing shopping for me . 
first of all , i don't like and don't enjoy spending endless hours pushing my trolley ( which , by the way , has it's own idea of where it want's to go ) between other desperate people baskets , just to find that perfect tin of beans or a toothpaste . especially that it is so hard to find anything in a modern , huge and stuffed with lots of merchandise department stores . secondly , if you happen to forget something , you will have to force your way back through crowds of other shoppers , and that can take up even more time . but the worst thing comes at the end . your visit to the shop conludes in a long queue to the checkout ( where you can easily spend another 30 minutes ) where they will suck out some money from your account . where's the fun in that ? 
first of all , i don't like and don't enjoy spending endless hours pushing my trolley ( which , by the way , has its own idea of where it wants to go ) between other desperate people's baskets , just to find that perfect tin of beans or some toothpaste . especially as it is so hard to find anything in a modern , huge and stuffed with lots of merchandise department store . secondly , if you happen to forget something , you will have to force your way back through crowds of other shoppers , and that can take up even more time . but the worst thing comes at the end . your visit to the shop concludes ends in a long queue to the checkout ( where you can easily spend another 30 minutes ) where they will suck out some money from your account . where's the fun in that ? 
no . most definitely shopping is not an enjoyable activity and i can easily think of many , nicer ones . 
no . most definitely , shopping is not an enjoyable activity and i can easily think of many nicer ones . 
dear helen , 
dear helen , 
i'm writting to answer your questions but , first of all , to thank you for the prize . i would like to travel in july because it is school holliday here in portugal and i will have the entire month to travel , so i have no preference for the weeks . 
i'm writing to answer your questions but , first of all , to thank you for the prize . i would like to travel in july because it is the school holiday here in portugal and i will have the entire month to travel , so i have no preference for which weeks . 
i don't mind staying in log cabins , but i prefer camping because i want to be really near the nature . well , about the activities , i love photography , i made a course and i would like to take beautiful photos of the camp . and i always was good at swimming , now i'll be at the camp during the summer i think it is a good idea . 
i don't mind staying in log cabins , but i prefer camping because i want to be really close to nature . well , about the activities , i love photography . i did a course and i would like to take beautiful photos of the camp . and i always was good at swimming . now i'll be at the camp during the summer i think it is a good idea . 
i don't know how much money i'll need to the trip and what kind of clothes i'll need . do you have any night plan , like going to discos or night clubs ? can you give this informations ? 
i don't know how much money i'll need for the trip or what kind of clothes i'll need . do you have any night plan , like going to discos or nightclubs ? can you give me this information ? 
i'm looking forward to receving your letter . 
i'm looking forward to receiving your letter . 
your sincerely
yours sincerely
daniela . 
daniela . 
nowadays shopping is one of the activities that makes our society lives . the cities are the main commercial centre , our streets are full of billboard advertising many things and . 
nowadays shopping is one of the activities that makes our society live . the cities are the main commercial centres , our streets are full of billboards advertising many things , as does tv either . 
despite this shopping culture , shopping is not always enjoyable , when you need to buy something you have to look for the best price , what is always a work of time , and if you find a shop where the price is cheaper , it must be crowded . 
despite this shopping culture , shopping is not always enjoyable . when you need to buy something you have to look for the best price , which is always a work of time , and if you find a shop where the price is cheaper , it must be crowded . 
the solution can be in a alternative way of making shops like internet . you can by anything without problem , this is a good thing although this prevents poor people from shopping by internet , because you have to have a computer . 
the solution could be an alternative way of making shops like the internet . you can buy anything without any problem . this is a good thing although it prevents poor people from shopping on the internet , because you have to have a computer . 
anyway , other alternatives of shopping are being created and we can choose for not waste our time shopping . 
anyway , other alternatives to shopping are being created and we can choose not to waste our time shopping . 
carola hidalgo
carola hidalgo
34 kingfield road
34 kingfield road
brighton gc2 8as
brighton gc2 8as
5th may 2000
5th may 2000
helen ryan
helen ryan
competition organiser
competition organiser
dear madam
dear madam
thank you very much for your letter of 1/6/00 i was really amazed with the new that i'd won two weeks at camp california in the usa . 
thank you very much for your letter of 1/6/00 . i was really amazed by the news that i'd won two weeks at camp california in the usa . 
respect to the date that i would like to travel must be only on july 15th because my classes will finish at the end of june and i'm going to be with free time to do so since this date until early august that i will start to work . 
with regard to the date that i would like to travel it must be july 15th because my classes will finish at the end of june and i'm going to have some free time from this date until early august when i will start to work . 
i would like to spend my time at your camp site in log cabins . i think is going to be more confortable for me due that i'am very sensitive to changes of temperature and i can't take the risk to catch a cold as you know i'm going to start to work . 
i would like to spend my time at your camp site in a log cabin . i think that is going to be more comfortable for me due to the fact that i am very sensitive to changes of temperature and i can't take the risk of catching a cold because , as you know , i'm going to start to work . 
the activities that i would like to do there are the followings :- singing ( i'm very good singer ) ; swimming ( i'm not good at all at this one ) but i enjoy to spend time in the water i really do . 
the activities that i would like to do there are the following :- singing ( i'm a very good singer ) ; swimming , i'm not good at all at this one , but i enjoy spending time in the water , i really do . 
would you be so kind to let me know what kind of weather do you have on july in order to choose the right cloth to bring and also i would like to know approximately the amount of money that i should bring for the items that are not cover . 
would you be so kind as to let me know what kind of weather you have in july in order that i can choose the right clothing to bring . and also i would like to know approximately the amount of money that i should bring for the items that are not included . 
looking forward to hearing from you . 
looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
hello kim , 
hello kim , 
how are you ? i'm fine and i writting you because i know that you want to know my experience at a pop concert; i have to tell you that i did to help there and was a very hard work you can't imagin all the work that mean to prepare a concert . i really enjoyed the opportunity to talk with well known starts and to learn how to set up everything for a concert . if you have the opportunity to do this don't missed out . i hope to see you soon to tell you more details . bye . 
how are you ? i'm fine and i am writing to you because i know that you want to know about my experience at a pop concert; i have to tell you that i did help there and it was very hard work . you can't imagine all the work that means goes into preparing a concert . i really enjoyed the opportunity to talk with well-known stars and to learn how to set up everything for a concert . if you have the opportunity to do this don't miss out . i hope to see you soon to give you more details . bye . 
dear helen:
dear helen:
thank you for sending me this wonderful news . i was really happy when i knew i won the first prize . i am writing to give you my details and ask some more information . 
thank you for sending me this wonderful news . i was really happy when i learned i won the first prize . i am writing to give you my details and ask for some more information . 
firstly , i would like to travel in july because i need to stay at home in august . i am a college student and i am going to study in university this year . i will take my exams in june and have the result in august . so i shall stay to prepare for my university . 
firstly , i would like to travel in july because i need to stay at home in august . i am a college student and i am going to study at university this year . i will take my exams in june and have the results in august . so i shall stay to prepare for my university . 
secondly , i prefer staying in log cabins so that i can have more chance to be with other people , then i can make more friends . during the camp , i will do sing and climbing activities . i enjoy singing all the time and i want to share my music with the others . i also like climbing because i like the view on the top of hills . 
secondly , i prefer staying in log cabins so that i can have more chances to be with other people , then i can make more friends . during the camp , i will do singing and climbing activities . i enjoy singing all the time and i want to share my music with others . i also like climbing because i like the view on the top of hills . 
finaly , i want to know what the weather is like in california in july . do i need some special clothes for the camp and how much money shall i bring for other expenses . 
finally , i want to know what the weather is like in california in july . do i need some special clothes for the camp and how much money shall i bring for other expenses ? 
i am looking forward to hear from you . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely . 
yours sincerely . 
to: the teacher of english class
to: the teacher of the english class
from: jolin
from: jolin
subject: the lessons should be filmed
subject: the lessons that should be filmed
date: 13 , june , 00
date: 13 june 00
instruction :
introduction :
english class is going to make a short video about school daily life . the aim of this report is to give the suggestion of which lessons and activities should be filmed . 
the english class is going to make a short video about the school's daily life . the aim of this report is to give some suggestions about which lessons and activities should be filmed . 
lessons and activities
lessons and activities
speaking and listening class should be filmed because the purpose of this class is to encourage students talk about some topics they choose and discuss with others in order to prove their speaking and listening skills . 
the speaking and listening class should be filmed because the purpose of this class is to encourage students to talk about some topics they choose and discuss them with others in order to improve their speaking and listening skills . 
topical class is similar to speaking and listening but the materials are more up-dated . the teacher use video , pictures to show students about festivals , sports , museums , ect . it is popular by the students . 
the topical class is similar to speaking and listening but the materials are more up to date . the teacher uses video and pictures to teach students about festivals , sports , museums , etc . it is popular with the students . 
canteen is the place students stay together apart from class . quite a lot of students spend their free time there for relaxing and talking . 
the canteen is the place students get together apart from class . quite a lot of students spend their free time there relaxing and talking . 
basketball is the most popular activity , whick takes place between 4:30 pm - 6:30 pm from monday to friday every week . not only the students who have activity play but also a lot of students watch . 
basketball is the most popular activity , which takes place between 4:30 pm - 6:30 pm from monday to friday every week . not only the students who have activity play but also a lot of students watch . 
conclusion
conclusion
the lessons and activities above are the suggestion should be filmed . 
the lessons and activities above are what we suggest should be filmed . 
dear helen ryan , 
dear helen ryan , 
i have recieved your letter and i am so glad i have won the first prize . i have answers to your questions . i would like to travel in july because it is the perfect time for me to go on holiday because the 12th july is my birthday . i want to sleep in tents because i think it's more adventurous better scenery , and atmosphere . 
i have received your letter and i am so glad i have won the first prize . i have answers to your questions . i would like to travel in july because it is the perfect time for me to go on holiday because the 12th of july is my birthday . i want to sleep in tents because i think it's more adventurous with better scenery , and atmosphere . 
you also asked me about the two things i'm good at , well , the first one is basketball . i have been playing basketball for roughly about 4 years . i love basketball because i'm good at it and it is my favourite sport . the other thing i'm good at is tennis . i have been practcing tennis for 2 years and i won the under 16 u . s open tour last summer . 
you also asked me about the two things i'm good at . well , the first one is basketball . i have been playing basketball for roughly 4 years . i love basketball because i'm good at it and it is my favourite sport . the other thing i'm good at is tennis . i have been practising playing tennis for 2 years and i won the under 16's u . s open tournament last summer . 
last of all i have questions to ask you . would i have to bring many clothes e . g . would we do a lot of outdoor activities , get dirty etc . would i need a lot of money . looking forward to see you soon . 
last of all i have questions to ask you . will i have to bring many clothes i . e . will we do a lot of outdoor activities , get dirty etc ? will i need a lot of money ? looking forward to seeing you soon . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
this composition is about shopping . people today shops sevendays a week with their family , friends etc . but i think shopping is not always enjoyable . this statement is due to the great amount of rubbish we are providing for the world . the more stuff we buy the more we throw away . 
this composition is about shopping . people today shop seven days a week with their family , friends etc . but i think shopping is not always enjoyable . this statement is due to the great amount of rubbish we are producing in the world . the more stuff we buy , the more we throw away . 
shopping with some friends may be fun but you must also remember that you are spending money . therefor you should think more carefully about what you are about to buy . 
shopping with some friends may be fun but you must also remember that you are spending money . therefore you should think more carefully about what you are about to buy . 
you can enjoy yourself in other different ways . for example , you can do sports which is enjoyable and good for your health . would you rather spend money on something which is destroying the world or do sports which is for your own benefit . 
you can enjoy yourself in other different ways . for example , you can do sports , which are enjoyable and good for your health . would you rather spend money on something which is destroying the world or do sports , which are good for you . 
you must think about your children who would be living in the world you helped to destroy . the ozone layer is being punctured when plastics or foams are burnt . 
you must think about your children , who will be living in the world you helped to destroy . the ozone layer is being punctured when plastics or foams are burnt . 
i think this is all i have to say to make you think that shopping isn't always enjoyable and change your view in looking at shopping . 
i think this is all i have to say to make you think that shopping isn't always enjoyable and change your views regarding shopping . 
13th june
13th june
dear ms ryan
dear ms ryan
i am so grateful and i can't believe i am so lucky to receiving your letter in which said that i have won the first prize in your competition , for two weeks camping in california in the u . s . a . 
i am so grateful and i can't believe i am so lucky to receive your letter in which you said that i have won the first prize in your competition , of two weeks camping in california in the u . s . a . 
i am writing to inform that i can only go in july , the summer holiday , because i have got a place in the university and it will start in august . is there the time i request available ? i would also like to ask accommodation you offer are in tens or log cabins . if i can choose i would prefer tens . i like to sleep on open land and see the sun come up in the morning . 
i am writing to inform you that i can only go in july , the summer holiday , because i have got a place at university and it will start in august . is the time i request available ? i would also like to ask accommodation you offer is in tents or log cabins . if i can choose i would prefer tents . i like to sleep on open land and see the sun come up in the morning . 
in addition , i choose painting and sailing for my activities . i can wait to do my painting for the rising sun , and can't imagine how wonderful sailing along the rivers . 
in addition , i choose painting and sailing for my activities . i can't wait to do my painting of the rising sun , and can't imagine how wonderful sailing along the rivers will be . 
finally , can you tell me what kind of clothes i should bring with , and how much spending money will be need . 
finally , can you tell me what kind of clothes i should bring with me , and how much spending money will be needed . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
juan lily lee
juan lily lee
13th june
13th june
shopping is not always enjoyable . i don't really like shopping . sometime when i'm boring and can't find something else to do . i go look round shops . when i see some clothes in the window i like , i would go in and try them . but i always finds it not look nice on me . the other thing i don't like going shopping is in the weekend . all the shops are full of people , and people treat the articals like rubbish . hang them every where after they tried and that was not suit them . 
shopping is not always enjoyable . i don't really like shopping . sometimes when i'm bored and can't find something else to do , i go look round the shops . when i see some clothes in the window i like , i go in and try them on . but i always find they do not look nice on me . the other thing i don't like going shopping is at the weekend . all the shops are full of people , and people treat the articles items like rubbish . hanging , hanging them everywhere after they have tried them on and found that they were did not suit them . 
also in the weekend shopping . you do can't find some where to sit down comfortaly to have a cup of tea . mc . donnals , k . f . c , the all full of people . 
also with weekend shopping , you can't find somewhere to sit down comfortably to have a cup of tea . mc . donnals , k . f . c , are all full of people . 
however , shopping is nice to spend you leisure time and give yourself to relax sometimes , but suggest that never in the weekend . 
however , shopping is a nice way to spend your leisure time and give yourself a chance to relax sometimes , but i suggest that you never do it at the weekend . 
dear mrs . ryan , 
dear mrs . ryan , 
i have won the first prize ! i am extremly happy about this . i am writing because of same information that you need . 
i have won the first prize ! i am extremely happy about this . i am writing because of some information that you need . 
i have only the possibility to take holiday in july because i am going to start a new education at the beginn of august . 
i can only take a holiday in july because i am going to start a new education at the beginning of august . 
of course i would like to stay in a tent . when i was a child we were often camping . to stay in a tent will remind my of a unforgottable time . 
of course i would like to stay in a tent . when i was a child we often camped . staying in a tent will remind me of an unforgettable time . 
there are a lot of interesting activities and it makes hard to choose only two . given the circumstances i would like to learn more about photograhy and painting . i have same skills in drawing landscape but i have no idea about photography . taking picture is a new experience for me . 
there are a lot of interesting activities and that makes it hard to choose only two . given the circumstances , i would like to learn more about photography photography and painting . i have some skills in landscape drawing but i have no idea about photography . taking pictures is a new experience for me . 
i have never been i california . how is the weather there in july ? what kind of clothes would you recommend taking with me ? is it possible to pay by credit card or should i prefer to take traveller queckes ? 
i have never been to california . how is the weather there in july ? what kind of clothes would you recommend taking with me ? is it possible to pay by credit card or should i take travellers' cheques ? 
i am glad to hear from you . 
i am glad to hear from you . 
yours faithfully 
yours sincerely 
artemis
artemis
hi kim , 
hi kim , 
how are you doing ? i couldn't write you because i was very busy . 
how are you doing ? i couldn't write to you because i was very busy . 
last month i enjoyed helping at a pop concert in my town . i applied for a job at the ticket office because i hopped to see a lot of diffrent people . you know everybody has to cross this spot ! 
last month i enjoyed helping at a pop concert in my town . i applied for a job at the ticket office because i hoped to see a lot of different people . you know everybody has to cross this spot ! 
given the circumstances they asked my for helping in the kitchen . you can imagine how disappointed i was . but it turned out as a funny and interesting job . i had to prepare the ingredians for every meal . it means i had to read the recipies very carefully . and i had to controll that nothing will be missed . the best thing was that i learnd a lot of new cooking ideas and i could observe new cooking tricks . on the other hand i had a lot to do and i was never bored . the people were all really funny and we were a good team . the time was quickly over and it was a great experience . 
given the circumstances , they asked me to help in the kitchen . you can imagine how disappointed i was . but it turned out to be a fun and interesting job . i had to prepare the ingredients for every meal . that meant i had to read the recipes very carefully . and i had to control check that nothing was missed . the best thing was that i learned got a lot of new cooking ideas and i could observe new cooking tricks . i had a lot to do and i was never bored . the people were all really funny and we were a good team . the time went quickly and it was a great experience . 
and what about you ? i am interested to hear about your new dog ? warm whishes 
and what about you ? i am interested to hear about your new dog ? warm wishes 
your friend , 
your friend , 
artemis
artemis
dear sirs , 
dear sirs , 
thank you , it's great to hear for about my winning . you ask me for some informations - here they are . 
thank you , it was great to hear about my prize . you ask me for some information - here it is . 
first i can do the travel only in july , because i can't get freetime in any other month . the next thing is , that i would prefer a log cabine . i don't want to sleep in a tent , because i'm afraid of snakes and similar animals . 
first i can travel only in july , because i can't get any free time in any other month . the next thing is that i would prefer a log cabin . i don't want to sleep in a tent , because i'm afraid of snakes and similar animals . 
about the activities during the camp i can tell you , that i like to play tennis and i do it very good . another thing i want to try , if possible , is to play golf . it's a very favourite sport also in our region ( area ) , but i did never found time to do it . i'm a beginner in golf you have to know . 
about the activities at the camp , i can tell you that i like to play tennis and i play it very well . another thing i want to try , if possible , is to play golf . it's a very popular sport in our region ( area ) also , but i have never found time to do it . i'm a beginner at golf you have to know . 
now a question from me to you: is it possible to pay the different things with credit-card ? another question - what sorts of clothes shall i bring with me ? is july a hot and dry month or is it raining sometimes ? 
now a question from me to you: is it possible to pay for the different things by credit card ? another question - what sort of clothes shall i bring with me ? is july a hot and dry month or does it rain sometimes ? 
i think , this will be all i want to know . if there is any other question from your part , please call me or write again . 
i think this will be all i want to know . if there are any other questions on your part , please call me or write again . 
i'm looking forward to hear from you , 
i'm looking forward to hearing from you , 
yours sincerely 
yours faithfully 
hi kim , 
hi kim , 
sorry , i'm late i know , but now i will tell you something about my experience last month . 
sorry , i'm late i know , but now i will tell you something about my experience last month . 
the concert started on the 15th of may and it was a real great session in our valley . i was so happy when they told me to help them with the organisation . i was responsible to the advertisments and i had also to invite the " important persons " from our governement . it was realy a new job for me , but i think , i have done good . i've learned a lot about management and especially - how stars are living . 
the concert started on the 15th of may and it was a really great session in our valley . i was so happy when they asked me to help them with the organisation . i was responsible for the advertisements and i also had to invite the " important people " from our government . it was really a new job for me , but i think i did well . i've learned a lot about management and especially how stars live . 
one evening we went all together out for diner and after we visited our new disco . we arrived at home early in the morning - it was great . 
one evening we all went out for dinner and after we went to a new disco . we arrived at home early in the morning - it was great . 
now kim , i will finish my letter but i promise you to write again as soon as possible , maybe if i've developed the photos of the concert and the stars and the . . . . 
now kim , i will finish my letter but i promise to write again as soon as possible . maybe if i've developed the photos of the concert and the stars and the . . . . 
a good idea at least - you come here and i tell you some other story's . 
a good idea at least - you come here and i will tell you some other stories . 
in the meanwhile enjoy your life -
in the meantime enjoy your life -
love
love
dear mr. helen ryan:
dear mr. helen ryan:
i am very happy to know i won the prize for two weeks at camp california in the u . s . a . 
i am very happy to know i won the prize of two weeks at camp california in the u . s . a . 
i think i would like to travel only in july because at that time i am going to be free to travel because of my holidays in the school . 
i think i would like to travel only in july because at that time i am going to be free to travel because of my holidays school school holidays . 
i would rather to stay in tents , because i have stayed in tents before and i liked , it is more pleasent than stay in log cabins and it is such a wonderful experience . 
i would rather stay in a tent , because i have stayed in tents before and i liked it . it is more pleasant than staying in log cabins and it is such a wonderful experience . 
refering about sports i would choose swimming and basketball , because when i was a child i used to swim a lot , i won a lot of prizes and i went to a lot of competitions . about basketball , i would say i like it to play as well because it was my favourite sport in highschool , i was not as good as in swimming but i like it . 
referring to sports , i would choose swimming and basketball , because when i was a child i used to swim a lot , i won a lot of prizes and i went to a lot of competitions . about basketball , i would say i like to play it as well because it was my favourite sport in highschool . i was not as good at it as i was at swimming but i like it . 
i think i do not have anything to ask you , i just want to thank you for everything . 
i think i do not have anything to ask you , i just want to thank you for everything . 
yours sincerely . 
yours sincerely . 
shopping is not always enjoyable . 
shopping is not always enjoyable . 
i agree that shopping is not always ejoyable because a lot of things could occur you . 
i agree that shopping is not always enjoyable because a lot of things can happen to you . 
i remember when i was younger i used to go with my mom shopping to the stores but i did not like it , because i found boring to buy clothes spending a lot of hours in a commercial centre . 
i remember when i was younger i used to go with my mom to the stores shopping but i did not like it , because i found it boring to buy clothes , spending a lot of hours in a shopping centre . 
another bad thing could be the enormous queues in the supermarkets , it is incredible how many time you can spend in there . 
another bad thing was the enormous queues in the supermarkets . it is incredible how much time you can spend in there . 
the last month was a robbery in a commercial centre next to my house , somebody stole a lady's purse with all her identifications , credit cards and cash , even more her flight ticket . therefore she had to do a lot of tramits to cancell their credit cards and to change her flight ticket . unlucky lady . 
last month there was a robbery in a shopping centre next to my house . somebody stole a lady's purse with all her identification , credit cards and cash , even her plane ticket . therefore she had to do a lot of tramits to cancel her credit cards and to change her plane ticket . unlucky lady . 
to sum up i would say that even when shopping is not always enjoyable we have to do it because we do not have another option . 
to sum up i would say that even if shopping is not enjoyable we have to do it because we do not have another option . 
dear sir , 
dear sir , 
thank you for your letter and for having inform me about the results of the competition . i also want to congratulate you for your exellent competition , thank to which i have the opportunity to go to california , a place that i always wanted to go . 
thank you for your letter and for having informed me about the results of the competition . i also want to congratulate you on your excellent competition , thanks to which i have the opportunity to go to california , a place that i always wanted to go to . 
about the travel , i think it would be preferable to do it on july , which is a holiday periode and so i won't have any special obligations . while in california i would prefer to sleep in a tent , so i can live closer to the nature . anyway the accommodation is not a big problem for me , because i will be away most of the time . stay a lot of time in the same place in my opinion is the worse thing to do , specialy during a trip ! moreover would like if it is possible to have an opportunity to play tennis and basketball . any little tournaments of this kind would be greateful . 
about the trip , i think it would be preferable to do it in july , which is a holiday period and so i won't have any special obligations . while in california i would prefer to sleep in a tent , so i can be closer to nature . anyway the accommodation is not a big problem for me , because i will be away most of the time . staying spending a lot of time in the same place in my opinion is the worst thing to do , specially especially during a holiday ! moreover i would like it if it is possible to have an opportunity to play tennis and basketball . any little tournaments of this kind would be grateful great . 
before ending my letter i would like to know and be told specialy in what kind of clothes should i have to take with me and also if you could change some money of mine in dollars . 
before ending my letter i would like to know specially in particular what kind of clothes i have to take with me and also if you could change some money of mine into dollars . 
i look forward to hearing from you 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours faithfully
yours faithfully
dear kim , 
dear kim , 
as you know last month i went to help at a concert , the one that i told you in my last letter . i wanted to go very much there and so go there for helping was for me a unique chance . moreover instead of bying a ticket i entered there for free , as a helper . 
as you know last month i went to help at a concert , the one that i told you about in my last letter . i wanted to go there very much and so going there to help was for me a unique opportunity . moreover instead of buying a ticket i went there for free , as a helper . 
from the first time that went there i understood that i was going to have a great night . ok in the beginning the other helpers and i had a lot of work to do , so as cleaning the stage and so some decoration work . but as the correct started and we finished what we had to do , we were free to do what ever we wanted . so the party started . . . the pop concert was exellent and i had a lot of fun . don't ask the time in which i come home because i don't remember ! some of my friends who were also helping told me that we returned at six o'clock in the morning ! it was really an unforgettable experience . 
from the first moment that i got there i understood that i was going to have a great night . ok , in the beginning the other helpers and i had a lot of work to do , such as cleaning the stage and some decoration work . but when the concert started and we finished what we had to do , we were free to do whatever we wanted . so the party started . . . the pop concert was excellent and i had a lot of fun . don't ask the time when i came home because i don't remember ! some of my friends who were also helping told me that we returned at six o'clock in the morning ! it was really an unforgettable experience . 
best whishes 
best wishes 
giannis
giannis
13th june 2000
13th june 2000
dear sir , 
dear sir , 
i have just receised your letter and i thanck you for your invitation and congratulations . i am really proud to be the winner of your competition and i would like to express my satisfaction for your perfect organisation . 
i have just received your letter and i thank you for your invitation and congratulations . i am really proud to be the winner of your competition and i would like to express my satisfaction with your perfect organisation . 
about the information requested from me i have to say that i can travel only july because of my job; i am busy until the end of june . 
about the information requested from me , i have to say that i can travel only in july because of my job; i am busy until the end of june . 
as regards accomodation , i prefer a longer , canadian tent in a quiet place because i am fond of nature and i would like to feel free in an informal setting . my favourite sports-activities are playing tennis and basketball . i like competitive and changelling sports , i enjoy myself comparing my skill with other players and , if possible , i rather practising sports-activities not indoor , but open air . 
as regards accommodation , i prefer a longer , canadian tent in a quiet place because i am fond of nature and i would like to feel free in an informal setting . my favourite sports activities are playing tennis and basketball . i like competitive and challenging sports . i enjoy comparing my skill with other players and , if possible , i would rather practise do sports activities not indoor i would rather not do indoor sports activities , but open air ones . 
i would like to know if special clothes are needed and how the weather is in this period like . the one last thing that i would like to know is if i have to bring with me money for expenses not included in your invitation . let me know this information as soon as possible . 
i would like to know if special clothes are needed and what the weather is at that time of year like like that time of year . the one last thing that i would like to know is if i have to bring with me money for expenses not included in your invitation . let me know this information as soon as possible . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
ramona
ramona
13 june 2000
13 june 2000
i have been asked to write a report about the lessons and other activities that should be filmed to make a short video . 
i have been asked to write a report about the lessons and other activities that should be filmed to make a short video . 
i have given a questionnaire to other students of my class to know their preferences about this choise and we all believe that the first lesson that should be filmed is philosophy . the reason is that all students are interested in it and the teacher is so good in explaing problems that the whole class takes part in discussions about specific aspects of the subject . also the sports-activities should be filmed; they express an aggregative and social way of living school-life and can be useful to see and check out the moviments of the bodys during the atletics-school games . 
i have given a questionnaire to other students in my class to know their preferences regarding this choice and we all believe that the first lesson that should be filmed is philosophy . the reason is that all students are interested in it and the teacher is so good at explaining problems that the whole class takes part in discussions about specific aspects of the subject . also the sports activities should be filmed; they express an aggregative and social way of living school life and can be useful to show the movements of the bodies during the athletics-school athletics school events school athletics events . 
also the dancing lessons should be filmed , specially for the fascinating beauty of the girls and the elegance of their moviments . 
the dancing lessons should also be filmed , especially because of the fascinating beauty of the girls and the elegance of their movements . 
i hope that these my suggestions can be accepted and appreciated . 
i hope that these suggestions can be accepted and appreciated . 
dear helen ryan , 
dear helen ryan , 
i am writing you in order to answer your questions and to get some information i would like to have . 
i am writing to you in order to answer your questions and to get some information i would like to have . 
first of all i want you to know i am really happy about the prize . the only problem is that like i am a student i can travel only during holidays , in july . refering to accommodation i would rather to stay in tents because i have never gone on camping so i would like to have the experience . 
first of all , i want you to know i am really happy about the prize . the only problem is that as i am a student i can travel only during the holidays , in july . referring to regarding accommodation i would rather stay in a tent because i have never been camping and i would like to try it . 
i am not really keen on art that is why i prefer doing some sports like surfing and sailing . if i have to be honest , i would say i have never practised none of them . yet , i would like to try them because my city is too far from the sea so i don't have many opportunities of doing them . 
i am not really keen on art . that is why i would prefer doing some sports like surfing and sailing . if i had to be honest , i would say i have never done either of them . yet , i would like to try them because my city is far from the sea so i don't have many opportunities of doing them . 
i would appreciate if you could tell me what kind of clothes and how much money i should take . besides , i wonder if i will share the tend or not and if i have to take it from here or if it will be provided by you . 
i would appreciate it if you could tell me what kind of clothes and how much money i should take . besides , i wonder if i will share a tent or not and if i have to bring it or if it will be provided by you . 
i am looking fordward to hearing from you . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours
yours
natalia lorena kraus
natalia lorena kraus
dear kim , 
dear kim , 
i'm really happy because i've finally received your letter . if i didn't told you the experience of the pop concert in detail in my last letter was because i didn't have time . please don't be angry . i will tell you everything right now . 
i'm really happy because i've finally received your letter . if i didn't tell you about my experience at the pop concert in detail in my last letter it was because i didn't have time . please don't be angry . i will tell you everything right now . 
as few months ago i chated , by internet , to a nice guy from buenos aires , who happened to be one of the member of " los pericos " . we started mailing each other and became good friends . they have to make a concert in my city so when they arrived here my friend phoned me and invited me where they were preparing the concert . 
a few months ago i chatted , via the internet , to a nice guy from buenos aires who happened to be one of the members of " los pericos " . we started mailing each other and became good friends . they had to give a concert in my city so when they arrived here my friend phoned me and invited me to where they were preparing the concert . 
the problem was that one of the technics was from england and nobody there spoke nor a word in english so i was asked to be the interpreter . it was so great ! ! not only because i learnt a lot about concerts and music , but also because i practised my english . 
the problem was that one of the technicians was from england and nobody there spoke a word of english so i was asked to be the interpreter . it was so great ! ! not only because i learnt a lot about concerts and music , but also because i practised my english . 
i hope you are not angry any more after this letter . 
i hope you are not angry any more after this letter . 
i'm looking fordward to hearing from you . 
i'm looking forward to hearing from you . 
love , 
love , 
dear miss helen
dear miss helen
i have just recived your letter and i'm very happy for it , especially becouse the competition was so hard . 
i have just received your letter and i'm very happy because of it , especially because the competition was so hard . 
being at camp california was one of dreams of my life and now i can relaized it . 
being at camp california was one of the dreams of my life and now i can realised realise it . 
firstly , i could to pass this two weeks during next july only , because , before and after it , i have to working as a waiter here in my town . 
firstly , i could to spend spend these two weeks during next july only , because , before and after it , i have to work as a waiter here in my town . 
however , about accommodation , i'd prefer a log cabin , becouse it is more confortable than the tent . all the activities indicated in your letter are great for me but i prefer tennis and surfing , because i'm used to playing tennis during every weekends and i'm very keen to surfing . i'm a good tennis player and a big surfer too . 
however , about accommodation , i'd prefer a log cabin , because it is more comfortable than a tent . all the activities indicated in your letter are great for me but i prefer tennis and surfing , because i'm used to playing tennis every weekend and i'm very keen on surfing . i'm a good tennis player and a big surfer too . 
lastly , i'm interested about the law's schools in california , they are very famous here . 
lastly , i'm interested in the law schools in california . they are very famous here . 
i would like to know if i will visit at least one of them . 
i would like to know if i will visit at least one of them . 
i look forward to seeing you soon . 
i look forward to seeing you soon . 
yours faithfully
yours faithfully
dear kim
dear kim
this is a precise letter that i write you now . i'm very happy and lazy at the same time . 
this is a precise letter that i write to you now . i'm very happy and lazy at the same time . 
last month i visited tom , another old friend , and he told me if i had worked with him like musician at the xzy pop concert . " this is extraordinary " , i said . 
last month i visited tom , another old friend , and he told me i could work with him as a musician at the xzy pop concert . " this is extraordinary " , i said . 
firstly , i was very embaracing during the concert , but all the staff were very kindly with me and tom too . this is the most important experience in my life , i knew all the people , in a particular the famous singer " kos " . he is funny and easy-going . during the concert , i was near the and opposite there was " pipe " the biggest of the world . it's very difficult describing all emotion i felt . i can only tell that had been an important experience for me and for my new songs . excuse me kim , but i'm so nervous that i obn't be able to write oben this letter yet . 
firstly , i was very embarrassing embarrassed during the concert , but all the staff were very kind to me and tom too . this was the most important experience in my life , i knew all the people , in particular the famous singer " kos " . he is funny and easy going . during the concert , i was near the and opposite there was " pipe " the biggest in the world . it's very difficult describing all the emotions i felt . i can only tell you that it had been an important experience for me and for my new songs . excuse me kim , but i'm so nervous that i won't be able to write even this letter . 
i hope to hearing you soon
i hope to hear from you soon
your best friend
your best friend
13 june 2000
13 june 2000
dear helen ryan , 
dear helen ryan , 
i have just received your letter and i am so pleased with the news . i'd like to tell you that the best month to travel to the u . s . a is on july because i will be on hollidays in this month . i don't really worry about the accommodation at camp california , but if i can tell you wich one i prefer i'll choose in tent . this is because is more exciting and fun than not in log cabins . from the list of activities to do at the camp i will enjoy singing and swimming . i used to go to a swimming pool twice every week and also i love music and sing all the time . 
i have just received your letter and i am so pleased with the news . i'd like to tell you that the best month for me to travel to the u . s . a . is july because i will be on holidays holiday in that month . i don't really worry about the accommodation at camp california , but if i can tell you which one i prefer i'll choose to stay in a tent . this is because it will be more exciting and fun than not in log cabins . from the list of activities at the camp i will enjoy singing and swimming . i used to go to a swimming pool twice every week and also i love music and sing all the time . 
i'd like to ask you about how much money i'll need for two weeks in your country and what sort of clothes i have to bring to camp california next july . 
i'd like to ask you about how much money i'll need for two weeks in your country and what sort of clothes i have to bring to camp california next july . 
i am looking to hear you very soon . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you very soon . 
sincerely , 
sincerely , 
dear kim , 
dear kim , 
how are you doing ? i am so glad to know that you and your family still well . i am writing to you to explain what i did last month at a pop concert . it was great , believe me ! 
how are you doing ? i am so glad to know that you and your family are well . i am writing to you to explain what i did last month at a pop concert . it was great , believe me ! 
i went with a group of friends to help and organise a gig of a pop band . it was so easy , a mean we just carried all the instruments from the musicians to the club and we put it on the stage . after this , we helped to the service bar to put into the fridges all drinks and refreshments . and that was it ! i enjoyed a lot doing this and at least the gig was free for all of us . the concert was in a massive club and the tickets were sold out . marevellous ! 
i went with a group of friends to help and organise a gig of a pop band . it was so easy , i . i mean we just carried all the instruments of the musicians to the club and we put them on the stage . after this , we helped at the service bar , putting into the fridges all the drinks and refreshments all the drinks and refreshments into the fridges . and that was it ! i enjoyed doing this a lot and at least the gig was free for all of us . the concert was in a massive club and the tickets were sold out . marvellous ! 
well kim , i hope to see you soon and take care . 
well , kim , i hope to see you soon and take care . 
love
love
dear helen , 
dear helen , 
i received your letter the other day , i was very happy to find out that i won two weeks at camp california . well , to answer to your questions , i would prefer to attend at this camp during the month of july because it is the only time when i can get vacations . it is because i am an apprentice , so they let me have my vacations only in july ! ! 
i received your letter the other day , and i was very happy to find out that i had won two weeks at camp california . well , to answer your questions , i would prefer to attend this camp during the month of july because it is the only time when i can take a vacation . this is because i am an apprentice , so they only let me have my vacations in july ! ! 
well , for the accomodation at camp california i would prefer staying in a tent . i think it is more fun sleeping in a tent than in a log cabin . it is more like adventure being in a tent , and you are closer to the nature , and the animals ! 
well , regarding the accommodation at camp california i would prefer staying in a tent . i think it is more fun sleeping in a tent than in a log cabin . it is more like an adventure being in a tent , and you are closer to nature , and the animals ! 
for the activities i think i will choose swimming because i love swimming and being in the water . and i am really good at it , i used to do some competitions when i was younger . and for the other i will chose tennis , i really enjoy this sport , i am not really a good player but i like to practice tennis during my free time ! since i'm coming during the month of july what kind of clothes should i take with me , and i have another question , it's about money . how much should i take ? and is it better to have change or checks ? 
for my activities i think i will choose swimming because i love swimming and being in the water . and i am really good at it . i used to enter competitions when i was younger . and for the other activity i will choose tennis . i really enjoy this sport . i am not really a good player but i like to practise play tennis in my free time ! since i'm coming in the month of july what kind of clothes should i take with me ? and i have another question . it's about money . how much should i take ? and is it better to have cash or cheques ? 
best regards , 
best regards , 
helen
helen
shopping is not always enjoyable
shopping is not always enjoyable
well this is abosolutly true , espacially when you go shopping on saturday . everyone goes shopping on saturday so the mall is always crowed , and most of the people are stressed , it's crazy . for exemple you go into a cloth shop , you see all those women running around trying to find the shirt that would fit their new skirt , so they are looking every where , pushing you because they think that you will take the shirt that they want . and then they have and you have to wait to try on the pants or the skirt you choose . and you have to wait after to buy it , so finally you waited so long that you are getting late , so you get stressed to . so it's really not enjoyable to go shopping . plus most of the time , you see all those mothers looking after their kids , and yelling their name's kids into the shopping mall because they lost them . so you are getting a headache because you hear the kids crying , the mothers yelling , if i can give you an advice: don't go shopping on saturday ! ! you get headaches , you get stressed , and finally you get bruses because of the woman that pushed you to get the pretty skirt before you ! ! ! 
well this is absolutely true , especially when you go shopping on saturday . everyone goes shopping on saturday so the mall is always crowded , and most of the people are stressed . it's crazy . for example , you go into a clothes shop , you see all those women running around trying to find the shirt that will match their new skirt , so they are looking everywhere , pushing you because they think that you will take the shirt that they want . and then they have it and you have to wait to try on the pants or the skirt you have chosen . and you have to wait after that to buy it , so finally you have waited so long that you have got have become late , so you get stressed too . so it's really not enjoyable to go shopping . plus , most of the time , you see all those mothers looking after their kids , and yelling their kids' names in the shopping mall because they have lost them . so you get a headache because you hear the kids crying , the mothers yelling . if i can give you some advice: don't go shopping on saturday ! ! you get headaches , you get stressed , and finally you get bruises because of the woman who pushed you to get the pretty skirt before you ! ! ! 
dear mr. ryan
dear mr. ryan
i recived your letter recently , and i am really happy learning that i won the first prize . so , i am writing to you to answer your questions . 
i received your letter recently , and i am really happy to learn that i have won the first prize . so , i am writing to you to answer your questions . 
first of all , i have to tell you that my only chance is go there in july , it does not matter the dates , but it is important for me to be back before the 1st of august , because that day i will start a summer job . 
first of all , i have to tell you that my only chance to go there is in july ; the dates do not matter , but it is important for me to be back before the 1st of august , because that day i will start a summer job . 
about he acommodation during those two weeks , i would rather staying in a log cabin , as it is really difficult for me to be in a little and close room . 
about the accommodation during those two weeks , i would rather stay in a log cabin , as it is really difficult for me to stay in a little close room . 
your next question is about the activities that i could do at the camp , after browse through the list , i would like to take part in climbing and photography activities , as these are my favourite hobbies . 
your next question is about the activities that i could do at the camp . after browsing through the list , i would like to take part in climbing and photographic activities , as these are my favourite hobbies . 
i had a induction climbing course two years ago , and i still going to climbing regulary , i can do a v+ level climb . on the other hand i had a photography course five years ago , and i took part in several competitions . 
i had an induction climbing course two years ago , and i still climb regularly . i can do a v+ level climb . on the other hand i took a photography course five years ago , and i took part in several competitions . 
finally , could you tell me how far is the nearest town or village ? can we get there by public transport ? 
finally , could you tell me how far is the nearest town or village ? can we get there by public transport ? 
looking forward for your answer . 
looking forward to your answer . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
shopping , what an exciting thing ! 
shopping , what an exciting thing ! 
going out to spend a day shopping is something very popular , the shopping centers are always busy , people going up and down carrying bags and looking at window shops , seems everbody is happy . 
going out to spend a day shopping is something very popular . the shopping centres are always busy , with people going up and down carrying bags and looking in shop windows ; it seems everybody is happy . 
really ? sometimes things can be wrong and the situations changes and becomes a nightmare . firstly is the parking problem , if you go to shopping late at weekends for instance , it's really difficult to find a place to park your car , and when you get the place , pay for it ! then the search for a nice cloth starts , and when eventually you get it , it isn't your size , but also the colour that you like is not available . finally you've found out something really wonderful , time to pay ! 
really ? sometimes things can go wrong and the situation changes and becomes a nightmare . firstly there is the parking problem . if you go shopping late at weekends for instance , it's really difficult to find a place to park your car , and when you get a place , you have to pay for it ! then the search for a nice item of clothing starts , and when eventually you get it , it isn't your size , and also the colour that you like is not available . finally you've found something really wonderful - time to pay ! 
with the hurries you've forgotten to bring any cash , but you can use the plastic money , the shop assistant pass the credit card through the machine , after few seconds again , and another time more , suddenly his face changes and says you that the card is fault ! no choice , you have to leave your nice clothes and go away feeling bad and sad . 
in the hurry you've forgotten to bring any cash , but you can use your plastic money . the shop assistant passes the credit card through the machine , after a few seconds he does it again , and does it another time . suddenly his face changes and he tells you that the card is faulty ! no choice : you have to leave your nice clothes and go away feeling bad and sad . 
to sum up , shopping is not always enjoyable , but don't worry , the shooping center still there waiting for you ! 
to sum up , shopping is not always enjoyable , but don't worry , the shopping centre is still there waiting for you ! 
dear helen ryan . 
dear helen ryan , 
i can only travel on july because these is the mounth when i have holidays . i've already talked to my manager , and she said that that's the only mounth i can have my holidays . 
i can only travel in july because this is the month when i have holidays . i've already talked to my manager , and she said that that's the only month i can have my holidays . 
i would prefer to stay in log cabin because it must be cold to stay in a tent . i have some problems with my kidneys , so i can't stay in on of the tents , and it also must be very comfortable to stay a log cabin . 
i would prefer to stay in a log cabin because it must be cold staying in a tent . i have some problems with my kidneys , so i can't stay in one of the tents , and also it must be very comfortable staying in a log cabin . 
i'm really good at golf and tennis , so i would like to choose these two activities . i've been doing these activities for a very long time . i've been playing golf for five years , and i'm a handidate cup of sixteen , but the problem is that i haven't been playing golf for a long time because i work every day . i've been playing tannis since i was seven , and i've been studying how to play tannis for a very long time , nine years . 
i'm really good at golf and tennis , so i would like to choose these two activities . i've been doing these activities for a very long time . i've been playing golf for five years , and i've a handicap of sixteen , but the problem is that i haven't been playing golf for a long time because i work every day . i've been playing tennis since i was seven , and i've been studying how to play tennis for a very long time , nine years . 
i would like to know what kind of cloths do i need to take with me , and can you write me back what kind of weather it's going to be there , for the time i will be staying there . also i would like to know how much money should i take with me , because i'm not sure how much i'll need to spend there . see you mrs helen ryan , and please write me back , 
i would like to know what kind of clothes i need to take with me , and can you write to me about what kind of weather it's going to be there , for the time i will be staying there . also i would like to know how much money i should take with me , because i'm not sure how much i'll need to spend there . see you , mrs helen ryan , and please write back . 
ivan . s . 
ivan . s . 
dear kim , 
dear kim , 
i wish you were there with me helping at a pop concert . i just loved it , i was working with these music system . you know how good i'm at music , anyway i was helping to these pop concert to get the corect sounds , at the bigging i was conecting all these wires into spekers , music system , guitar etc . . . the particularly bit that i liked about the experience was when i was standing next to the singers and playing a guitar , you know how much i love playing guitar , and all these video cameras were just filming us . i asked on of the camera man when they're going to show these show on tv , and he told me they're going to show it on 10 of june , so turn on your tv on these date chanel three , and must seem me there playing with these guitar ah it was lovely . these singers are going to come next year so i want to invite you to my house for one or two weeks to see these pop concert , beleave me you'll love it and you might use the drums , i told them that you're really good at drums so they want to try you too . 
i wish you had been there with me helping at a pop concert . i just loved it . i was working with this music system . you know how good i am at music anyway i was helping at this pop concert to get the correct sounds . at the beginning i was connecting all these wires into speakers , music system , guitars etc . . . the bit that i particularly liked about the experience was when i was standing next to the singers and playing a guitar - you know how much i love playing guitar - and all these video cameras were just filming us . i asked one of the cameraman cameramen when they're going to show this show on tv , and he told me they're going to show it on the 10 of june , so turn on your tv on this date , channel three , and you will see me there playing this guitar . ah , it was lovely . these singers are going to come next year so i want to invite you to my house for one or two weeks to see this pop concert , believe . believe me , you'll love it and you might play the drums . i told them that you're really good on drums so they want to try you too . 
i'll write you soon kim . 
i'll write to you soon kim . 
tell hello to your parents ! 
say hello to your parents ! 
dear helen ryan , 
dear helen ryan , 
i would like to thank you for your first prize in your competition two weeks at camp california in the usa . i would be grateful to except this prize . 
i would like to thank you for the first prize in your competition : two weeks at camp california in the usa . i am pleased to accept this prize . 
as you said , you need some further information . first of all , i would like to travel in july , at present , i am doing an art course at college . so i won't be able to have a holiday until then . 
as you said , you need some further information . first of all , i would like to travel in july . at present , i am doing an art course at college . so i won't be able to have a holiday until then . 
i would rather stay in log cabins than tents . i have some pain on my back therefore i can't sleep in the sleeping bag on the ground . 
i would rather stay in log cabins than tents . i have some trouble with my back . therefore i can't sleep in a sleeping bag on the ground . 
furthermore , i would love to do basketball and painting activities while i am at the camp . i am a member of college basketball team which became the best basketball team of last year . secondly , i want to do painting which i am really interested in and as a student of art college . 
furthermore , i would love to do basketball and painting activities while i am at the camp . i am a member of the college basketball team , which became the best basketball team of last year . secondly , i want to do painting , which i am really interested in as a student at art college . 
lastly , i would like to learn that what kinds of clothes i have to bring with me and how much money ( american currency - dollars ) i'll need to have while i'm there . 
lastly , i would like to learn what kinds of clothes i have to bring with me and how much money ( american currency - dollars ) i'll need to have while i'm there . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you soon . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you soon . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
dear kim , 
dear kim , 
i would like to thank you for your letter which i received yesterday and i wanted to reply as soon as possible . 
i would like to thank you for your letter , which i received yesterday , and i wanted to reply as soon as possible . 
i know you want to learn what i did and how i helped people at the pop concert last month . 
i know you want to hear about what i did and how i helped people at the pop concert last month . 
as you know , our college was chosen to be there and help the singers and the musicians out . when i first arrived there i was pretty nervous and excited . my friends and i have been taken to the backstage where we met the members of west life , elton john and robie williams . i even go a bunch of flowers from them with a " thank you " letter . 
as you know , our college was chosen to be there and help the singers and the musicians out . when i first arrived there i was pretty nervous and excited . my friends and i were taken backstage where we met the members of west life , elton john and robie williams . i even got a bunch of flowers from them with a " thank you " letter . 
what we all did was making many cups of coffees and help to find their missing socks or any other clothings . what i realised was they were not different from any of us but they were called celebreties . 
what we all did was make many cups of coffee and help to find their missing socks or any other clothing . what i realised was they were not different from any of us but they were called celebrities . 
i particularly liked listening their musicians when they played the piano , clarinet , drums , violen etc . which was unbelievably great and also to be able to meet these famous singers made me realise we can achieve whatever we want . 
i particularly liked listening to their musicians when they played the piano , clarinet , drums , violin etc , which was really great , and also to be able to meet these famous singers made me realise we can achieve whatever we want . 
lots of love , 
lots of love , 
13 june , 2000
13 june , 2000
dear helen . 
dear helen , 
i've been thrilled eversince i received your letter indicating my luck of having won the first prize in the competition that you organized recently . in response to the letter , i am sending mine to state the options and choice that i have made concerning the date of the trip , the place where i will be staying and the two activities that i have chosen along with some questions . 
i've been thrilled ever since i received your letter indicating my luck of having won the first prize in the competition that you organized recently . in response to the letter , i am sending mine to state the choices that i have made concerning the date of the trip , the place where i will be staying and the two activities that i have chosen , along with some questions . 
firstly , i wish to travel on july as i already have plans for june which is to visit france for 3 weeks as soon as my summer vacations commences . 
firstly , i wish to travel in july as i already have plans for june , which are to visit france for 3 weeks as soon as my summer vacation commences . 
secondly , to the question of lodging , i have chosen tents since i enjoy camping in them very much . 
secondly , regarding the question of lodging , i have chosen tents since i enjoy camping in them very much . 
among the numerous choices of activities , i am considering taking those of golf and surfing . i have been playing golf since the age of 8 , therefore i am certain that i will not require help of any sort . however , as this will be my first time to go surfing , i am willing to take classes for beginners . 
among the numerous choices of activities , i am considering taking those of golf and surfing . i have been playing golf since the age of 8 , therefore i am certain that i will not require help of any sort . however , as this will be my first time surfing , i am willing to take classes for beginners . 
lastly , i've been struggling with the question of money and clothing and would lie to be informed about the climate there so that i will be able to pack the clothes that i need and i would be thankful if you would consider sending me an estimation of amount of money i will have spend in the camp . 
lastly , i've been struggling with the question of money and clothing and would like to be informed about the climate there so that i will be able to pack the clothes that i need and i would be thankful if you would consider sending me an estimation of the amount of money i will have to spend in the camp . 
i am looking forward in being received in camp california . 
i am looking forward to being received at camp california . 
thank you in advance . 
thank you in advance . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
regina kong 
regina kong 
13 june , 2000
13 june , 2000
dear kim , 
dear kim , 
hi kim . how are you ? 
hi kim . how are you ? 
i am fine and so is my family . 
i am fine and so is my family . 
i was glad to receive your letter from you and after having heard that you are interested in helping pop singers have a concert , i started writing as soon as i could . 
i was glad to receive a letter from you and after having heard that you are interested in helping pop singers have a concert , i started writing as soon as i could . 
i thin it's a wonderful idea and my advice is to take it if you have an offer ! i had so much fun helping my friends' band having their concert . 
i think it's a wonderful idea and my advice is to take it if you have an offer ! i had so much fun helping my friends' band putting on their concert . 
at first , they asked me to decorate the stage since i like drawing , but as i wanted to get more involved , they said that i could also help them set up the lights , the microphones and the instruments . i have to admit that it wasn't always easy , but my effort was worth every penny . 
at first , they asked me to decorate the stage since i like drawing , but as i wanted to get more involved , they said that i could also help them set up the lights , the microphones and the instruments . i have to admit that it wasn't always easy , but my effort was worth every penny . 
the concert was a hit and the stage looked fabulous ! the audience seemed pretty impressed as well . i thought it was a great opportunity to see how things turn out so well when you put everybody's different talents together . i'm not sure of what part you're interested in , but i think drawing the background for the stage was the best , and i suggest that you try doing it too . 
the concert was a hit and the stage looked fabulous ! the audience seemed pretty impressed as well . i thought it was a great opportunity to see how things turn out so well when you put everybody's different talents together . i'm not sure what part you're interested in , but i think drawing the background for the stage was the best , and i suggest that you try doing it too . 
if you have any questions , please write to me . 
if you have any questions , please write to me . 
i wish you the best of luck and hope you have fun helping the singers as much as i did
i wish you the best of luck and hope you have fun helping the singers as much as i did
lots and lots of kisses , 
lots and lots of kisses , 
regina
regina
dear madam
dear madam
i'm very happy to have won in your competition . i'm never going in the u . s . a than i'm very exciting to travel at camp california . i can to come only july because i have to work the other months of summer . as accomodation i'd prefer to sleep in tents becaose i like beeing outside and earing the noises of the sea . 
i'm very happy to have won your competition . i've never been to the u . s . a so i'm very excited to visit camp california . i can come only in july because i have to work the other months of summer . regarding accommodation i'd prefer to sleep in a tent because i like being outside and hearing the noises of the sea . 
my two activities's choices are climbing and surfing . i used to climb and i want to try still because climbing is good for the fit . i want to do surfing too because i like snowboarding and i think surfing make similar sensations , but i have never practised that sport . 
my two preferred activities are climbing and surfing . i used to climb and i want to try it again because climbing is a good way to keep fit . i want to do surfing too because i like snowboarding and i think surfing make similar sensations , but i have never tried it . 
i have one question to ask you . i have a little brother and i want to know if i could take it with me . he doesn't like stay alone at home . 
i have one question to ask you . i have a little brother and i want to know if i could take him with me . he doesn't like to stay at home alone . 
yours faithfully
yours faithfully
anton chevalier
anton chevalier
i purpose that we should be filmed five topics :
i propose that we should film five subjects :
a math lesson , an english lesson , a swimingpool lesson , the break and the staff room . 
a maths lesson , an english lesson , a swimming pool swimming lesson , the break and the staff room . 
- at the math lesson and the english lesson we could show how the teacher learn at his students . we could be filmed the class room too . 
- in the maths lesson and the english lesson we could show how the teacher learns teaches his students . we could film the classroom too . 
- in the swimingpool we could been in the water and doing a party of water-polo and then allan could done acrobatics stands , because he make competitions . 
- in the swimming pool we could be in the water and doing a party of water-polo and then allan could done acrobatics stands , because he makes enters competitions . 
- during the break we could show the activities of the students . for exemple students who play football or volleyball . we could asked some students about the school . 
- we could show the activities of the students during the break . for example , students who play football or volleyball . we could ask some students about the school . 
- before the end we could visit the staff room . we could known how this room is and what the teachers do in this misterious room . 
- before the end we could visit the staff room . we could find out what this room is like and what the teachers do in this mysterious room . 
in the end we could show a comment of each student of our class . 
at the end we could have a comment from each student in our class . 
anton chevalier
anton chevalier
dear mr. ryan
dear mr. ryan
thank you for your letter . i have just received the letter from you . i am really pleased that i have won first prize in your competition at camp california in u . s . a . 
thank you for your letter . i have just received the letter from you . i am really pleased that i have won first prize in your competition at camp california in the u . s . a . 
i would like to travel in july this year because i think the weather will be nice and i can take a holiday . i would like to use a tent for my accommodation . i think it is more interesting than log cabins . i can be more next nuture and i have never used tents before . it seems to be exciting . 
i would like to travel in july this year because i think the weather will be nice and i can take a holiday . i would like to use a tent for my accommodation . i think it is more interesting than a log cabin . i can be more close closer to nature and i have never used tents before . it seems to be exciting . 
i choose swimming and painting for my activities while i am at the camp . i really like swimming . when i was a child , i used to go swimming with my family at the weekend having a chat , making a barbecue , playing games . it was such a good time . i enjoy painting as well . my mother told me that i'm good at painting . when i was in high school , i won second prize in a painting competition . my parents were very pround of me . 
i choose swimming and painting for my activities while i am at the camp . i really like swimming . when i was a child , i used to go swimming with my family at the weekend , having a chat , making a barbecue , playing games . it was such a good time . i enjoy painting as well . my mother told me that i'm good at painting . when i was in high school , i won second prize in a painting competition . my parents were very proud of me . 
could i ask you some questions ? i would like to know which kind of clothes i should bring to the camp . how much money should i bring there and can i use my credit card at the camp ? 
could i ask you some questions ? i would like to know what kind of clothes i should bring to the camp . how much money should i bring and can i use my credit card at the camp ? 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
dear kim , 
dear kim , 
thank you for your letter . i'm sorry that i've taken such a long time to reply your letter because i'm really busy and i have to study harder . i'm taking the final exam next month . lucky me ! 
thank you for your letter . i'm sorry that i've taken such a long time to reply to your letter because i'm really busy and i have to study harder . i'm taking the final exam next month . lucky me ! 
i've got some great news to tell you . last month , i worked as a part-time job . i really enjoyed helping at a pop concert . as you know , i'm crazy about pop music . before the concert i was really exciting . i couldn't sleep well and i didn't know what i had to do in the concert . 
i've got some great news to tell you . last month , i got a part-time job . i really enjoyed helping at a pop concert . as you know , i'm crazy about pop music . before the concert i was really excited . i couldn't sleep well and i didn't know what i had to do at the concert . 
it was such a big concert . there were lots of singers and band . of course , there were lots of spectaculars . first , i was in front of the entrance door . i had to check tickets . i was really exciting . my hands were sclumbling but i did it very well . after that , i went to the back stage . i could see lots of pop stars . i'm sorry that i didn't ask them to take any pictures for you . i was really busy . i had to take care of them and did everything they want . for instance , taking them to toilet , making coffee for them , helping them find their stuff . it was really busy but i really enjoyed it . 
it was such a big concert . there were lots of singers and a band . of course , there were lots of spectaculars . first , i was in front of the entrance door . i had to check tickets . i was really excited . my hands were trembling but i did it very well . after that , i went back stage . i could see lots of pop stars . i'm sorry that i didn't ask if i could take any pictures of them for you . i was really busy . i had to take care of them and did everything they wanted . for instance , taking them to the toilet , making coffee for them , helping them find their stuff . it was really busy but i really enjoyed it . 
i learnt lots of thing from here that i couldn't learn from school . i had to be more patient . i knew lots of people from different job . it was a great time . 
i learnt lots of thing there that i couldn't learn from school . i had to be more patient . i met lots of people with different jobs . i had a great time . 
i'd better close now . i've got lots of homework to do . take care of yourself and i look forward to hearing from you . 
i'd better close now . i've got lots of homework to do . take care of yourself and i look forward to hearing from you . 
best wishes , 
best wishes , 
dear mrs ryan , 
dear mrs ryan , 
first of all i would like to thank you for the perfect organisation of the competition which i luckely won , i have been really very impressed . 
first of all , i would like to thank you for doing such a good job organising the competition which i luckily won . i have been really very impressed . 
unfortunately i became your letter with two weeks late so i can travel only between the 5th and the 20th july . in fact i will finish my university's exams only on the first july and after the 20th is impossible because i am going to do four weeks volontary in india for unicef . 
unfortunately i received your letter two weeks late so i can travel only between the 5th and the 20th july . in fact i will finish my university exams only on the first of july and after the 20th it is impossible because i am going to do four weeks' voluntary work in india for unicef . 
if it is possible i would prefer to stay in a log cabins , because , in spite of my love for nature , i am terribly allergic to pollins . so stay in a log cabins will probably evite me a lot of problems . 
if it is possible i would prefer to stay in a log cabin , because , in spite of my love for nature , i am terribly allergic to pollen . so a stay in a log cabin will probably save me a lot of problems . 
choose two activities from the list has been very difficult but i think i would like to do climbing , sport in which i have many years of experience , and surfing despite i really have any experience . 
choosing two activities from the list has been very difficult but i think i would like to do climbing , a sport in which i have many years of experience , and surfing , despite not really having any experience . 
unfortunately i had ever been in the us so i have any idea about how much money i will probably need and about what kind of clothes i have to take with me . 
unfortunately i had ever been to the us so i have any idea about i have never been to the us so i don't have any idea about how much money i will probably need or about what kind of clothes i have to take with me . 
thank you very much for your attencion on my regard 
thank you very much for your attention on my behalf 
your sincerely
yours sincerely
if you ask at twenty womans what is their favorite hobbies probably the most of them will answer " shopping " . 
if you ask twenty women what are their favourite hobbies their favourite hobbies are probably most of them will answer " shopping " . 
but why is shopping so popular and loved by so many people all over the world ? why so many people have been contaged by this " psychologic virus " ? 
but why is shopping so popular and loved by so many people all over the world ? why have so many people been infected by this " psychological virus " ? 
the verb " have " is probably the most used and loved by the human species . we are always trying to have more things , that in spite of care after us family , us future , or other things which are probably more important than a new perfum . 
the verb " have " is probably the most used and loved by the human species . we are always trying to have more things , which lead us to neglect our family , our future , and other things which are probably more important than a new perfume . 
always more people , everywhere , are becoming shopping-addicts . maybe you can think i am excessive but recent studies prouves that this mania can be really dangerous . 
more and more people , everywhere , are becoming shopping addicts . maybe you think i am exaggerating but recent studies proves prove that this mania can be really dangerous . 
certenly the only fact of have something can helps people to be more sure of himself . in fact if you have the new kalvin klein model for a certain kind of people you are cool , but it is really so important ? 
certainly only the fact of having something can help people to be more sure of themselves . in fact if you have the new kalvin klein product to a certain kind of person you are cool , but is it really so important ? 
probably when oscar wilde said: " superficiality is the suprem vice " he was right . we still look at what people look like and not at what they really are . 
probably when oscar wilde said: " superficiality is the supreme vice " he was right . we still look at what people look like and not at what they really are . 
8 jun 2000
8 jun 2000
helen ryan
helen ryan
competition organiser
competition organiser
dear sir
dear sir
at the begining i would like to thank you for your letter - it pleased me much . i have always dreamt about holidays 'in camp california'
at the beginning i would like to thank you for your letter - it pleased me much . i have always dreamt about holidays 'in camp california'
however there are some problems that i hope to solve . first of all the only suitable time for me to go is july . it is the only time when i am free from my duties - i am a doctor so you see that i can not let my patients down . if we are talking about accomodation then accomodation in tents would be great - i love being close to the nature . i would like you to know also about my two hobbys : swimming and surfing . i am not telling about some kind of achivements in those discipines but it is my big pasion 
however there are some problems that i hope to solve . first of all the only suitable time for me to go is july . it is the only time when i am free from my duties - i am a doctor so you see that i cannot let my patients down . if we are talking about accommodation then accommodation in tents would be great - i love being close to nature . i would like you to know also also like you to know about my two hobbies : swimming and surfing . i am not talking about some kind of achievements in those disciplines but it they are my big passion 
i hope to have a chance to practice both of theme at 'camp california' . 
i hope to have a chance to practise both of them at 'camp california' . 
there is also one thing that i would like to ask you about . the question is: do i need some extra money and what kind of clothes should i take for this trip ? 
there is also one thing that i would like to ask you about . the question is: do i need some extra money and what kind of clothes should i take for this trip ? 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
anna nowak
anna nowak
unconected part of every people lifes is shopping . we buy everything from clothes to food and the only thing that could stop us from this are money . 
unconnected part of all people's lives is shopping . we buy everything from clothes to food and the only thing that could stop us from this is money . 
as a teenager i must addmit that there is nothing more enjoyable from shopping . it's like , , walking in the clouds , , you feel like flaing . choosing gave me such big pleasure because i never have to worry from vere do i take money for my wishes . it all comes from my parents . all i ought to do is buy and choose . i think that , , having is a dream'' of all of us . 
as a teenager i must admit that there is nothing more enjoyable than shopping . it's like , , walking in the clouds , , you feel like you are flying . choosing gives me such great pleasure because i never have to worry about where i get money for my wishes . it all comes from my parents . all i have to do is buy and choose . i think that , , having is a dream'' for all of us . 
it's hard for me even to emagine the situation when shopping is not enjoyable . probably it is one of the moments when you want something baddly and you can't have it . another situation is when you have to buy somebody a present . everybody know that , , present presents a problem'' you know your own task but what vith a task of the other person ? 
it's hard for me even to imagine a situation when shopping is not enjoyable . probably it is one of the moments when you want something badly and you can't have it . another situation is when you have to buy somebody a present . everybody knows that , , present presents a problem'' you know your own taste but what with about the taste of the other person ? 
however i can't agree with opinion that , , shopping is not always enjoyable'' i think that everybody like to buy but not everybody like to see pleasure in it . 
however i can't agree with the opinion that , , shopping is not always enjoyable'' i think that everybody likes to buy but not everybody likes to take pleasure in it . 
june 13th , 2000
june 13th , 2000
dear mrs/ms helen ryan , 
dear mrs/ms helen ryan , 
i would like to thank you for the prize i won . my name is manuel p . martinez and i won the first prize in your competition . i have been informed that all accommodation and travel cost are paid for the company . 
i would like to thank you for the prize i won . my name is manuel p . martinez and i won the first prize in your competition . i have been informed that all accommodation and travel costs are paid for by the company . 
i can only travel in july because i am working as a receptionist in a hotel and they would only let me have two weeks off in that month . i would prefer to stay in a log cabin rather than in tents , because i find it more confortable to sleep in beds , but it wouldn't be a problem if i have to sleep in tents . 
i can only travel in july because i am working as a receptionist in a hotel and they would only let me have two weeks off in that month . i would prefer to stay in a log cabin rather than in a tent , because i find it more comfortable to sleep in a bed , but it wouldn't be a problem if i have to sleep in a tent . 
i would love to do climbing and surfing just because those are sports i have never praticed before , that means i do not have any experience on the subject . 
i would love to do climbing and surfing just because those are sports i have never practised tried before . that means i do not have any experience . 
please let me know the kind of clothes we will be wearing , would i need to take a suit ? are there going to be any formal parties ? 
please let me know what kind of clothes we will be wearing . would . will i need to take a suit ? are there going to be any formal parties ? 
it is important for me to know if we need money and in that case , how much money would you recommend me to take ? 
it is important for me to know if we need any money and , if we do , how much money would you recommend me taking ? 
i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
manuel p . martinez
manuel p . martinez
june 13th , 2000 dear kim , as you already know , i was at a pop concert last month . it was great ! the concert was organized by the community so everyone who wanted to help was welcomed . the concert lasted for four hours as a lot of small local bands played . my job was to set the stage where the bands played . it was hard and it took me the whole day . i was there at seven a . m and didn't go home until seven a . m the following day . of course i didn't do it alone , we were a group of about ten guys . after the show we had to stay and clean the park , which was full of empty cans . the part that i enjoyed the most was that i felt i was doing something worthly for the community and also that i got to meet a lot of people . i made great friends with the group i worked with . i think it was a great experience , and i hope we will organize another concert soon . i am looking forward to seeing you . best wishes
june 13th , 2000 dear kim , as you already know , i was at a pop concert last month . it was great ! the concert was organized by the community so everyone who wanted to help was welcome . the concert lasted for four hours as a lot of small local bands played . my job was to set up the stage where the bands played . it was hard and it took me the whole day . i was there at seven a . m and didn't go home until seven a . m the following day . of course i didn't do it alone , we were a group of about ten guys . after the show we had to stay and clean the park , which was full of empty cans . the part that i enjoyed the most was that i felt i was doing something worthwhile for the community and also that i got to meet a lot of people . i made great friends with the group i worked with . i think it was a great experience , and i hope we will organize another concert soon . i am looking forward to seeing you . best wishes
dear helen ryan . 
dear helen ryan . 
thank you for your letter . i am so happy to win the prize and come true my dream . 
thank you for your letter . i am so happy to win the prize and realise my dream . 
i would like to travel to california this july , because i can take an holiday from 14th to 27th of july . 
i would like to travel to california this july , because i can take a holiday from 14th to 27th of july . 
i would prefer log cabins . i have never used it and i think it would be more exciting than tents . 
i would prefer log cabins . i have never used one and i think it would be more exciting than tents . 
i have heard that the camp california is famous for surfing , so i hope that i will enjoy surfing for the first time . besides , i will take the chance to play golf . it is my only favorite hobby . 
i have heard that camp california is famous for surfing , so i hope that i will enjoy surfing for the first time . besides , i will take the opportunity to play golf . it is my only favourite hobby . 
what about clothes and money ? i don't know what the weather is like , and you are paid for travel costs , but i am wondering that it is included two activities . also , i have a dog . can i go with him . 
what about clothes and money ? i don't know what the weather is like , and you are paid for travel costs , but i am wondering whether it includes two activities . also , i have a dog . can i go with him . 
please , let me know this questions as soon as possible . 
please , let me know the answers to these questions as soon as possible . 
i appreciate your competition and i look forward to hearing your answer
i appreciate your competition and i look forward to hearing your answer
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
dear kim
dear kim
i am sorry . this letter is late , because last week i took exams , so i was very busy . 
i am sorry . this letter is late , because last week i took exams , so i was very busy . 
to reply your answer , it was realy an nice experience . as you know , i like a pop music so much and singer was one of my favorite singers . also , in the future i'll want to be an organizer like this concert , so it'll be useful the experience to me . 
to reply to your question , it was really a nice experience . as you know , i like pop music so much and the singer was one of my favourite singers . also , in the future i want to be an organizer like at this concert , so it'll be useful experience for me . 
i am writing how i got the position and what i did . firstly , i applied to a concert agency to help , because i had the experience before and i knew how to organize and what to do . 
i am writing about how i got the position and what i did . firstly , i applied to a concert agency to help , because i had the experience before and i knew how to organize and what to do . 
in the pop concert , there were many people , so before starting the pop concert , i arranged the seats and carried some musical instruments . it was somewhat hard to me . after the concert , i cleaned all the ground with other helpers and we moved the seats again . 
at the pop concert , there were many people , so before starting the pop concert , i arranged the seats and carried some musical instruments . it was somewhat hard for me . after the concert , i cleaned all the ground with other helpers and we moved the seats again . 
if you have some questions , let me know . i am looking forward to hearing from you
if you have some questions , let me know . i am looking forward to hearing from you
with best wishes , 
with best wishes , 
dear mrs ryan , 
dear mrs ryan , 
i have just received your letter and feel happy about winning first prize . i am now writing to give you all information you require . 
i have just received your letter and feel happy about winning first prize . i am now writing to give you all the information you require . 
first of all , i would like to travel only in july because i am employed and will be able to finish my contract in june . on august i am going to apply for a new job . 
first of all , i would like to travel only in july because i am employed and will be able to finish my contract in june . in august i am going to apply for a new job . 
also , i would prefer to stay in a log cabin rather than stay in a tent . from my point of view , log cabins are more comfortable . 
also , i would prefer to stay in a log cabin rather than stay in a tent . from my point of view , log cabins are more comfortable . 
another consideration are activities . i enjoy playing basketball and golf . also i think i am good at singing and at dancing . 
another consideration are the activities . i enjoy playing basketball and golf . also i think i am good at singing and at dancing . 
i would be most greatful if you could let me know some information:
i would be most grateful if you could let me have some information:
- how to get to camp california from airport ? 
- how do i get to camp california from the airport ? 
- how far from city-centre the camp is situated ? 
- how far from the city centre is the camp situated ? 
- how much money i have to take with me ? 
- how much money do i have to take with me ? 
- what is the weather in california in july ? 
- what is the weather in california in july ? 
- what kind of clothes would you recommend me to bring with me ? 
- what kind of clothes would you recommend me bringing with me ? 
- are there leisure and intertainments facilities close to the camp ? 
- are there leisure and entertainments entertainment facilities close to the camp ? 
i am looking forward to hearing from you soon . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you soon . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
report
report
to: mr clark
to: mr clark
from: sonya volavkova
from: sonya volavkova
attituds to the video about life at our school
attitudes to the video about life at our school
introduction:-
introduction:-
the aim of this report is to summarize the pupil's attituds about video they have to be made and to suggest which lessons and other activities should be filmed . the report is based on opinion of more than 300 pupils . 
the aim of this report is to summarize the pupil's attitudes to the video they have to make and to suggest which lessons and other activities should be filmed . the report is based on the opinions of more than 300 pupils . 
what would the pupils prefer to film ? 
what would the pupils prefer to film ? 
according to the answer there are the most important activities pupils would like to film ( 80 per cent of those questioned ) 
according to the response these are the most important activities pupils would like to film ( 80 per cent of those questioned wanted these things filmed ) 
- lessons in mathematics and history , because pupils have very good exam's result . 
- lessons in mathematics and history , because pupils have very good exam results . 
- lessons in dancing , because 80 per cent girls attend the dancing club
- lessons in dancing , because 80 per cent of girls attend the dance club
- competition in basketball , because our school's team won first prize in our gerian . 
- the basketball competition , because our school's team won first prize in our gerian . 
- pupils' travel to london , during the last holiday , because it was great ! 
- the pupils' trip to london , during the last holiday , because it was great ! 
- also they would like to film the pat corner at school , because they enjoy taking care of animals . 
- also they would like to film the pet corner at school , because they enjoy taking care of animals . 
conclusion: it is clear , that the filming of video is very important event for children , and pupils would prefer to film only positive events of their life at school as i have written above . 
conclusion: it is clear that the making of the video is a very important event for the children , and pupils would prefer to film only the positive events of their life at school , which i have written above . 
june , 13th 2000
june , 13th 2000
dear mrs ryan , 
dear mrs ryan , 
i am writing in response to your letter which said that i won the first prize in the competition . 
i am writing in response to your letter which said that i won the first prize in the competition . 
as i didn't expect to be successful , i am very happy about this result . 
as i didn't expect to be successful , i am very happy about this result . 
i would now like to answer the information you requested . firstly , i would be pleased if i could travel in july as i already booked this month as a holiday at work . 
i would now like to provide the information you requested . firstly , i would be pleased if i could travel in july as i already booked this month as a holiday at work . 
besides , i would prefer to stay in a tent since i have never had the exciting experience to sleep in the middle of the nature . 
i would prefer to stay in a tent since i have never had the exciting experience of sleeping close to nature . 
i am especially glad about the activities offers , in particular the sports facilities because i was spezialised in sport for my a-levels and intend to become a sport teacher . 
i am especially glad about the activities offered , in particular the sports facilities because i was specialised specialised in sport for my a-levels and intend to become a sports teacher . 
i have been playing basketball for many years but i would appreciate to improve my skills , in particular the ball-handling . 
i have been playing basketball for many years but i would appreciate improving my skills , in particular my ball handling . 
furthermore i am really keen on swimming and can therefore hardly await having the possibility to learn the butterfly as a new style since i am already perfect in crawl . 
furthermore i am really keen on swimming and can therefore hardly wait to have the opportunity to learn the butterfly as a new style since i am already perfect at the crawl . 
i know i have already asked a lot but there is one more thing i need to know which kind of clothes will be appropriate and how much money will i approximately need ? 
i know i have already asked a lot but there is one more thing i need to know . which . what kind of clothes will be appropriate and how much money will i need approximately ? 
i trust i mentioned all the requested details and am now looking forward to hearing from you to arrange the exact date of departure . 
i trust i mentioned all the requested details and am now looking forward to hearing from you to arrange the exact date of departure . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
june , 13th 2000
june , 13th 2000
dear kim , 
dear kim , 
how are you doing ? thanks for your latest letter - i was really happy about your news ! 
how are you doing ? thanks for your latest letter - i was really happy about your news ! 
here , everything is as usual: school , studying , eating , sleeping - but did i tell you about my latest job ? 
here , everything is as usual: school , studying , eating , sleeping - but did i tell you about my latest job ? 
i helped at a pop concert of a newcomer group and you can't imagine how exciting it was ! 
i helped at a pop concert of a new group new group's pop concert and you can't imagine how exciting it was ! 
first of all , i helped selling tickets and drinks and there i realized how bad my maths is - i took such a long time to give back the change ! but at the end i handled it almost automatically . before the performance i introduced the spectators to their seats and then a instructor showed me how to lead the spotlights . i really had butterflies in my stomach when i was responsible for the lightening ! it was marvellous ! 
first of all , i helped selling tickets and drinks and there i realized how bad my maths is - i took such a long time to give back the change ! but in the end i handled it almost automatically . before the performance i led the spectators to their seats and then an instructor showed me how to lead the spotlights . i really had butterflies in my stomach when i was responsible for the lighting ! it was marvellous ! 
but the cherry on the cake was that i met one of the handsome singers back stage ! he asked me what i was doing and so on and finally invited me for his next concert ! of course i agreed - i wouldn't want to miss the chance to gain experience while having fun ! perhaps i could help regularly in the lightening area - it would help me for my studies of photography . what do you reckon ? 
but the cherry on the cake was that i met one of the handsome singers backstage ! he asked me what i was doing and so on and finally invited me to his next concert ! of course i agreed - i wouldn't want to miss the chance to gain experience while having fun ! perhaps i could help regularly in the lighting area - it would help me with my photography studies . what do you reckon ? 
i can hardly await your reply ! 
i can hardly wait for your reply ! 
lot's of love , 
lots of love , 
jun 10/2000
jun 10/2000
-helen ryan-
-helen ryan-
i am really surprise for the information because i won , and i like to tell you thank you for everyting this is why i wrote and send this letter with the information you need , only i can travel in july because it is the only time with i can do it before for my work , really i do not care which accommodation will i can have , i am prefer the accommodation in july i will be avaliabel for the moment , i am really apreciated if you can tell to the people who work in camp california , i choose the golf and photography because i think i am really interesting in that object i am no really really good but i have some of studies . i would like to ask you what kind of clothes i need to take for the place and for the weather follow for the money , how much money i need to take ? i think it is everyting i like to know . thank you very much for you time . 
i am really surprised for the information because i won , and i would like to say thank you for everything . this is why i wrote and sent this letter with the information you need . only i can i can only travel in july because it is the only time when i can do it before for my work . really i do not care i do not really care what accommodation i will have . i would prefer to come in july i will be available for the moment . i would really appreciated appreciate it if you could tell the people who work at camp california i choose the golf and photography because i think i am really interested in those objects subjects . i am not really really good but i have some experience . i would like to ask you what kind of clothes i need to take for the place and for the weather follow for the money , how much money do i need to take ? i think that is everything i would like to know . thank you very much for your time . 
sincerely
sincerely
-dear kim-
-dear kim-
how are you ? i hope you are fine like the same for me . 
how are you ? i hope you are fine like the same for me . 
i like to apologise with you , because i didn't wrote to you recently , but i like to tell you what hapend to me in the last weak i had the opportunity to help in one of the most pop concert in my city , so imagen , i fell really really good and exating for that i don't have words for describe but i try to do it , ok ? 
i want to apologise to you , because i haven't written to you recently , but i want to tell you what happened to me last week . i had the opportunity to help at one of the most pop concerts in my city . so imagine , i felt really really good and exciting excited . i don't have words to describe it but i will try to do it , ok ? 
they need one girl to put make up to the stars of the group , so i do it , i was talking with the manager and the people inside the group so i meet a lot of people and it's good for my curriculum vitae as well but the best for my it's was when one of the group they with me one rose for my work am really proud about them ! 
they needed one girl to do the make-up of the stars of the group , so i did it . i was talking with the manager and the people in the group so i met a lot of people and that's good for my curriculum vitae . but the best it for me was when one of the group they with me one rose for my work am really proud about them ! 
i really enjoy that kind of day what about you ? i need to get out know , i keep in touch . 
i really enjoy that kind of day , what about you ? i need to go out now . i will keep in touch . 
loves and kisses . 
love and kisses . 
dear mrs helen ryan , 
dear mrs helen ryan , 
i am writing to you in reply to your letter about my willing the first prize in your competition . 
i am writing to you in reply to your letter about my winning the first prize in your competition . 
first of all , i would like to thank the jury for chosen my work from all the competitors . 
first of all , i would like to thank the jury for choosing my work from all the competitors . 
next , i would like to find out some details about the camp . i need to know if my travel will take place in august . if i had known that i won , i would not have arranged my english course in britain . before . the next point is the accommodation . you mentioned that it will be in tents or log cabins . i would prefer staying in tents . i am very close to the nature , so it will be a pleasure for me . 
next , i would like to find out some details about the camp . i need to know if my travel will take place in august . if i had known that i would win , i would not have arranged my english course in britain . before . the next point is the accommodation . you mentioned that it will be in tents or log cabins . i would prefer staying in tents . i am very close to nature , so it will be a pleasure for me . 
what's more , your letter said about the chance to do for two acctivities during the camp . i am very interested in tennis , but i am also very good at photography . it has been my hobby since i was a child . i have even won competion once . that is why i would like to continue doing this at the camp . 
what's more , your letter said about the chance to do two activities during the camp . i am very interested in tennis , but i am also very good at photography . it has been my hobby since i was a child . i have even won a competition once . that is why i would like to continue doing this at the camp . 
finally , i would like to ask about other things like: clothes , money , guide . i would like to know if the , , travel costs'' which you had paid for include entrance tickets to the museums' or any other cultural places , because i would like to some sightseeing in the u . s . a . furthermore , if there will be cmy tumple dryer or washing maschine to clean our clothes and if there will be a guide who will be responsible for us and the camp . 
finally , i would like to ask about other things like: clothes , money , guide . i would like to know if the , , travel costs'' which you had paid include entrance tickets to the museums or any other cultural places , because i would like to do some sightseeing in the u . s . a . furthermore , if there will be cmy tumble dryer or washing machine to clean our clothes and if there will be a guide who will be responsible for us and the camp . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you
i am looking forward to hearing from you
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
a . adamski . 
a . adamski . 
generally , most people like shopping , but there are some advantages and disadvantages . 
generally , most people like shopping , but there are some advantages and disadvantages . 
when discribing the advantages , we should remember that most people like doing shopping . it is very pleasant when you are looking for something special or for special occasions like wedding , birthday , christmas presents . next , it can be very good for your wallet to save some money , when you will find a bargain or sales . as well as that , some shop-assistance can give you a lower price , because you always do shopping at their shop . what is more , most people cannot live without shopping . it is their way to spend free time . 
when describing the advantages , we should remember that most people like doing shopping . it is very pleasant when you are looking for something special or for special occasions like wedding , birthday , or christmas presents . next , it can be very good for your wallet to save some money , when you find a bargain or sales . as well as that , some shop assistants can give you a lower price , because you always do shopping at their shop . what is more , most people cannot live without shopping . it is their way to spend free time . 
on the other hand , there are some minuses . on top of that , shopping is very tiring and exhausting . walking from shop to shop carrying heavy bags , takes much of your time . instead of that you could do more interesting things . such as playing sports or reading a book . besides that , shopping steal you from money . very often people go to a shop - usually a big departament store and buy things which they do not need . 
on the other hand , there are some minuses . above all , shopping is very tiring and exhausting . walking from shop to shop carrying heavy bags , takes much of your time . instead of that you could do more interesting things , such as playing sports or reading a book . besides that , shopping steal you from money . very often people go to a shop - usually a big department store and buy things which they do not need . 
in my opinion shopping is very tiring and i usually try to avoid doing it . when i have to , i do it , but i think we waste too much time on it that we should . on balance some people still like shopping even if it is not always enjoyable and they have to stand in a long queue to buy something . from my point of view it depands on us if shopping will be enjoyable or not . 
in my opinion shopping is very tiring and i usually try to avoid doing it . when i have to , i do it , but i think we waste too much time on it . on balance some people still like shopping even if it is not always enjoyable and they have to stand in a long queue to buy something . from my point of view it depends on us whether shopping will be enjoyable or not . 
dear mrs ryan , 
dear mrs ryan , 
referring to the won competition , i would say that i am very happy to be the first . accordingly i will give you the further information that you wanted . 
referring to the competition i won , i would like to say that i am very happy to be the winner . accordingly i will give you the further information that you wanted . 
first , you asked abut the travel time and the only possible time for me is in july , because my company only gave me holidays in this period . 
first , you asked about when i would like to travel and the only possible time for me is in july , because my company only gave me holiday time in this period . 
second , i prefer accommodation in tent . i want to feel the real nature and spirit of camp california . 
second , i prefer to stay in a tent . i want to feel the real nature and spirit of camp california . 
further more , i should choose between two activities and how good i am at each one . i choose singing and surfing , singing because i am a singer in a band and i hope to make my voice more perfect and surfing because i have never surf and i want to learn to . 
furthermore , i should choose between two activities and say how good i am at each one . i choose singing and surfing - singing because i am a singer in a band and i hope to make my voice more perfect and surfing because i have never surfed and i want to learn how . 
finally , i have some questions . i would know what type of clothes i should bring with me ? how much money should i take with me ? is it possible to travel with a friend of mine ? 
finally , i have some questions . i would like to know what type of clothes i should bring with me ? how much money should i take with me ? can i travel come with a friend of mine ? 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
marlene berg
marlene berg
dear kim , 
dear kim , 
how are you ? i hope fine . me , fine , because of helping at the concert 'the dome' . i can say that this was one of the best experiences of my life . first i have help to cook coffee and make food for popular people like mariah carey , elton john , backstreet boys , echt ect . . . before and after the concert the " stars " are very hungry and i have serve them food , drinks and something like this . kim , check it in your mind , i have had near contact with mariah carey ! i am so happy about it . different " stars " gave me signatures and talk really nice and normal with me . at the time the concert was running i cleaned the kitchen and the room where the " stars " ate . the after show dinner party was very nice and i have never thought that popular people like elton john dances on the table if he likes the music and if he have made a great show on stage . it was just great and after this event i can say that popular people are normal humans like everyone ! 
how are you ? i hope you're fine . i am fine , because i have been helping at the concert called 'the dome' . i can say that this was one of the best experiences of my life . first i had to help to make coffee and prepare food for pop stars like mariah carey , elton john , backstreet boys , etc . . . before and after the concert the " stars " were very hungry and i had to serve them food , drinks and something like this . kim , check it in your mind , i have had close contact with mariah carey ! i am so happy about it . different " stars " gave me autographs and talked really nicely and normally with me . during the concert i cleaned the kitchen and the room where the " stars " ate . the after-show dinner party was very nice and i have never thought that pop stars like elton john dance on the table if they like the music and if they have had a great show on stage . it was just great and after this event i can say that pop stars are normal humans like everyone you're ! 
love , 
love , 
marlene
marlene
dear helen ryan , 
dear helen ryan , 
thanks for your letter , i am so glad that i have won first prize in your competition . and thanks again for offer me two weeks at camp california in the u . s . a . 
thanks for your letter . i am so glad that i have won first prize in your competition . and thanks again for offering me two weeks at camp california in the u . s . a . 
as you asked , i think i'd like to travel only in july , because i am quite busy with my job . july is the only free time that i have . and i prefer tents to log cabins , as i know tents better than log cabins . i used to sleep in tent once on my holiday , and tent is more suitable for camping . 
as you asked , i think i'd like to travel only in july , because i am quite busy with my job . july is the only free time that i have . and i prefer tents to log cabins , as i know tents better than log cabins . i used to sleep in a tent once on my holiday , and a tent is more suitable for camping . 
it is very kind for you to give me the chance to do two activities while i am at the camp . i'd like to have climbing and sailing . actually i am quite good at climbing . i often go climbing in my town . for sailing , well , i haven't try it before , that is why i want to have a try . i think it must be fun . 
it is very kind of you to give me the chance to do two activities while i am at the camp . i'd like to do climbing and sailing . actually i am quite good at climbing . i often go climbing in my town . as for sailing , well , i haven't tried it before . that is why i want to have a go . i think it must be fun . 
as you said , all accommodation and travel costs are paid for , but i am sure i still need some money with me . how much do you think that i will need . by the way what kinds of clothes do you think i have to get with me ? and is there anything eles i have to get with me ? 
as you said , all accommodation and travel costs are paid , but i am sure i still need to take some money with me . how much do you think that i will need ? by the way , what kinds of clothes do you think i have to take with me ? and is there anything else i have to take with me ? 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
shopping is not always enjoyable
shopping is not always enjoyable
i think most people will agree with " shopping is not always enjoyable " . because so far as i know nothing is enjoyable all the time . 
i think most people will agree that " shopping is not always enjoyable " , because so far as i know nothing is enjoyable all the time . 
some people might say women just love shopping , they couldn't stop thinking about doing shopping . yes , it is true , this is only because nowadays people have more money than even before , and some women don't earn money , they have no idea how diffcult to earn the money . women just love spending money in shops . just imagine if one day their husbands lost their jobs , will those women still thinking shopping is enjoyable ! so it is depend on different case . 
some people might say women just love shopping , they couldn't stop thinking about going shopping . yes , it is true . this is only because nowadays people have more money than ever before , and some women don't earn money . they have no idea how difficult it is to earn money . women just love spending money in shops . just imagine if one day their husbands lost their jobs . will those women still think shopping is enjoyable ! so it depends on the case . 
for me , i don't think shopping is enjoyable at all . i even hate shopping . i only go to shop unless i really need something . shopping is just like a nightmare to me , i think i will never understand why people love shopping . how can you face the same goods at the same shop all the time . i think most men have the same opinion as i do . 
as for me , i don't think shopping is enjoyable at all . i even hate shopping . i never go shopping unless i really need something . shopping is just like a nightmare to me . i think i will never understand why people love shopping . how can you look at the same goods at the same shop all the time . i think most men have the same opinion as i do . 
some women spend their whole life doing shopping , and most of times , they don't buy many things . in my eyes they are wasting their lifes , they are hopeless . 
some women spend their whole life shopping , and most of the time , they don't buy many things . in my eyes they are wasting their lives , they are hopeless . 
those are only my opinions , you don't need to agree with it , but one day you might found out that what i have said is not totally wrong . 
those are only my opinions . you don't need to agree with them , but one day you might find out that what i have said is not totally wrong . 
dear mrs helen , 
dear mrs helen , 
i have just received your letter and i want to thank you for all this information that you giving me . 
i have just received your letter and i want to thank you for all this information that you are giving me . 
fist of all , it would be a good thing to say that july would be the best time to travel because it is hotest mounth in the year , and the weather shall be really nice . 
first of all , it would be a good thing to say that july would be the best time to travel because it is the hottest month in the year , and the weather will be really nice . 
secondly , i think it is would be better to stay tents , so than we can have a nice time at camp california and find many interesting games to play in . 
secondly , i think it would be better to stay in tents , so that we can have a nice time at camp california and find many interesting games to play . 
however , as you asked me to choose two activities , i'm choosing swimming and climbing , because i'm very good at swimming and i would like to try myself at climbing . despite the small expereance in climbing i do want to try this type of sport . 
however , as you asked me to choose two activities , i'm choosing swimming and climbing , because i'm very good at swimming and i would like to try climbing . despite my lack of experience in climbing i do want to try this type of sport . 
in addition , i would like to know how much money do i have to bring with me . 
in addition , i would like to know how much money i have to bring with me . 
i think that it is all what i would like to know . 
i think that is all that i would like to know . 
i'm looking forward to hear from you . 
i'm looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
introduction
introduction
the aim of this report is to suggest wich lessons and other activities should be filmed . i have enterwed each student from my english class . 
the aim of this report is to suggest which lessons and other activities should be filmed . i have interviewed each student from my english class . 
fistly , the english lesson must be filmed as the most interesting lesson at our school because it will give to students an interest to study and improve their noleges . also you can have a good practice with english with students , who came from different countries . 
firstly , the english lessons must be filmed as the most interesting lessons at our school because it will give students an interest in studying and improving their knowledge . also you can have a good practice with english with students , who come from different countries . 
dear mrs helen ryan , 
dear mrs helen ryan , 
i am writing to reply your questions about me . firstly , i would like to thank you abut this big opportunity you give me to visit this wonderful place like california . 
i am writing to reply to your questions about me . firstly , i would like to thank you about for this big opportunity you are giving me to visit such a wonderful place as california . 
i would like to travel only in july because my boss can not give me a leaving for the other months of summer . 
i would like to travel only in july because my boss cannot give me any leave for the other months in summer . 
also , i prefer to stay in tents because i think it is a good chance for me to live with the nature and to wake up listening birds which singing . it will be nice ! 
also , i prefer to stay in a tent because i think it is a good chance for me to live with nature and to wake up hearing birds which are singing . it will be nice ! 
then you ask me which two activities i want to choose . to tell you the truth , i would prefer to do swimming and singing . i'm good in both of these . i have been swimming for eight years ! also i like a lot music and everybody tells me that i have a good voice . 
then you ask me which two activities i want to choose . to tell you the truth , i would prefer to do swimming and singing . i'm good at both of these . i have been swimming for eight years ! also i like music a lot and everybody tells me that i have a good voice . 
i would like ask you about the weather . i want to know if i should bring warm clothes or not and how much money . 
i would like to ask you about the weather . i want to know if i should bring warm clothes or not and how much money . 
your sincerely
yours sincerely
dear kim , 
dear kim , 
how are you ? thanks for you letter . it was good to hear from you now . as you know this summer i really enjoy myself doing things i like a lot . 
how are you ? thanks for your letter . it was good to hear from you now . as you know this summer i am really enjoying myself doing things i like a lot . 
last month , alice and her friends proposed me to help at a pop concert . the group which was singing was very famous and i was able to meet them and to chat about their plans for the future . 
last month , alice and her friends suggested to me that i help at a pop concert . the group which was singing was very famous and i was able to meet them and to chat about their plans for the future . 
all i had to do was to prepare something to eat before the concert and to control during it about the sound . 
all i had to do was to prepare something to eat before the concert and to check during it the sound the sound during it . 
the concert lasted four hours and in the end they wanted to pay me . i didn't want to take any money because i was so happy that i had seen the concert of " savage garden " in live and because that night was the best of my life . 
the concert lasted for hours and at the end they wanted to pay me . i didn't want to take any money because i was so happy that i had seen the concert " savage garden " savage garden concert live and because that night was the best of my life . 
but the thing i particularly liked about my experience , was the feeling when you are near and when you talk with the people so famous so famous people . 
but the thing i particularly liked about my experience was the feeling when you are near and when you talk with such famous people . 
ok ! that's all for now . i'm waiting for your letter . 
ok ! that's all for now . i'm waiting for your letter . 
see you soon , 
see you soon , 
margaret
margaret
xxx
xxx
p . s . i hope you will find the spare time to visit my country this summer . 
p . s . i hope you will find the spare time to visit my country this summer . 
thuesday 13th june 2000
thuesday 13th june 2000
dear mrs helen ryan , 
dear mrs helen ryan , 
i've just received your letter , and i am very delighted to be the winner . i thank you . . 
i've just received your letter , and i am really delighted to be the winner . i thank you . 
as regards to the time i would like to travel , i would like to make you aware that i can only on july because i am very tied up this time owing to he exam period which will last until the end of june . 
as regards when i would like to travel , i would like to make you aware that i can only travel in july because i am really tied up at this time owing to the exam period , which will last until the end of june . 
i'd rather have accommodation in tents , it would be a good experience for me especially because i haven't lived it as well as it is more romantic . 
i'd rather have accommodation in tents , it would be a good experience for me , especially because i haven't lived it as well as it is more romantic . 
as you have informed me , there are a lot of activities that we can do . the swimming is my best sport . i was born and raised on a greek island called crete . the sea is part of myself . furthermore i will have the opportunity to play basketball , despite the fact that i am not too tall for this kind of sport . however , i used to play basketball in my school because we hadn't other sport pitch except of the basket pitch . 
as you have informed me , there are a lot of activities that we can do . swimming is my favourite sport . i was born and raised on a greek island called crete . the sea is part of me . furthermore i will have the opportunity to play basketball , despite the fact that i am not very tall for this kind of sport . however , i used to play basketball in my school because we didn't have any other type of court other than the basketball court . 
finally , would you mind to send me more information about the amount of money that i should have . also , what about the life out of the camp ? are there other places for entertainment especially for the night life ? could you send me some brochures for the place where we will stay in ? 
finally , would you mind sending me more information about the amount of money that i should bring . also , what about the life outside of the camp ? are there other places for entertainment especially for the nightlife ? could you send me some brochures for the place where we will stay ? 
thank you again , and i am looking forward to your reply , 
thank you again , and i am looking forward to your reply . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
the aim of this report is to give some suggestions about the short video which my college is going to make about the daily life of our school . it considers two points : the lessons and activities which should be filmed . 
the aim of this report is to give some suggestions about the short video which my college is going to make about the daily life of our school . it considers two areas : the lessons and the activities which should be filmed . 
i am of the opinion that the morning english lessons with our teacher george are worth filming and showing for many reasons . above all , they are enjoyable and interesting . all of us participate effectively . nobody is yawning or feeling bored . i want this opinion won't imply that the other lessons of other teachers aren't interesting . i think we are lucky with our competent teachers . besides the practical lessons of the cooking course level nvq3 might be interesting with the delicious dishes of meat and vegetables . the pictures will be amazing and wonderful . 
i am of the opinion that the morning english lessons with our teacher , george , are worth filming and showing for many reasons . above all , they are enjoyable and interesting . all of us participate effectively . nobody is yawning or feeling bored . i want this opinion won't imply that the other lessons of other teachers aren't interesting . i think we are lucky with our competent teachers . also the practical lessons of the cooking course level nvq3 might be interesting with their delicious dishes of meat and vegetables . the pictures would be amazing and wonderful . 
there are many activities that they could be filmed . we can film our swimming pool , despite the artificial sunbathing . it is clean , neat and tidy with helpful staff . the gym is good choice for filming with the sophisticated equipments that owns . in addition , we can film the library which possesses thousand of works . books of various interest , with up-to-date facilities such as computers internet , cd and cassettes . 
there are many activities that could be filmed . we can film our swimming pool , despite the artificial sunbathing . it is clean , neat and tidy with helpful staff . the gym is a good choice for filming with the sophisticated equipment that you own have . in addition , we can film the library , which possesses thousand of works , books on various subject subjects , with up-to-date facilities such as computers , the internet , cds and cassettes . 
we shouldn't disregard and neglect to film the buildings and the gardens of our beautiful college , especially when we take into our consideration the fact that it is in the city of shakespear . it will be a good advertising , and will help to make the reputation of our college even more better . 
we shouldn't disregard and neglect to film the buildings and the gardens of our beautiful college , especially if we take into consideration the fact that it is in the city of shakespeare . it will be good advertising , and will help to make the reputation of our college even better . 
finally , i hope that my modest report will help the management of our college to achieve their aim . 
finally , i hope that my modest report will help the management of our college to achieve their aim . 
to whom it may concern , 
to whom it may concern , 
i'd like to say thank you for choosing me and sending me the letter . i am extremely excited about the camp ! for the camp , you need some information from me , don't you ? therefore i am going to write them down . 
i'd like to say thank you for choosing me and sending me the letter . i am extremely excited about the camp ! for the camp , you need some information from me , don't you ? therefore i am going to write it down . 
first , i'd like to travel on july because my friend , who is french , is coming to toronto on august . therefore , i'd like to show her around and spend time with her as much as possible . 
first , i'd like to travel in july because my friend , who is french , is coming to toronto in august . therefore , i'd like to show her around and spend time with her as much as possible . 
second , i prefer log cabins than tents . the reason is that the camp will be two weeks and log cabins are more comfortable than tents . however , if the log cabins are not available at the moment , i can stay in the tents . 
second , i prefer log cabins to tents . the reason is that the camp will be two weeks and log cabins are more comfortable than tents . however , if the log cabins are not available at the moment , i can stay in the tents . 
third , i'd like to choose painting and surfing for the activities . because i've started surfing since 1998 and i'm keen on surfing . also , painting is one of my favorite things ! and i always wanted to learn how to paint . 
third , i'd like to choose painting and surfing for the activities . this is because i've been surfing since 1998 and i'm keen on surfing . also , painting is one of my favourite things ! and i always wanted to learn how to paint . 
lastly , i'd like to ask you some questions . i know everything is included and i don't need to pay anything but in case should i bring some money or not ? and if i need to bring some money could you suggest me the amount ? 
lastly , i'd like to ask you some questions . i know everything is included and i don't need to pay anything , but should i bring some money in case or not ? and if i need to bring some money could you suggest the amount ? 
also , could you suggest me what kind of clothes i should bring , please ? 
also , could you suggest what kind of clothes i should bring , please ? 
thank you very much for reading this letter . i really appreciate your choosing me . i am really looking forward this camp . thank you . 
thank you very much for reading this letter . i really appreciate your choosing me . i am really looking forward to this camp . thank you . 
truly , 
truly , 
yoshiko murasaki
yoshiko murasaki
dear kim , 
dear kim , 
hi ! how are you ? i'm fine , thanks . 
hi ! how are you ? i'm fine , thanks . 
anyway , i really enjoyed helpying at a pop concert last month so that i'd like to write them down ! 
anyway , i really enjoyed helping at a pop concert last month so that i'd like to write about it ! 
first , we went to this office to apply for this job . the interview was ok and my friend and i was hired ! 
first , we went to this office to apply for this job . the interview was ok and my friend and i were hired ! 
then , the day of the concert came ! can you imagine how excited we were ? our heart was bumping and we were kind of nervous , however , there were a lot of things to do so we started working . 
then , the day of the concert came ! can you imagine how excited we were ? our hearts were thumping and we were kind of nervous , however , there were a lot of things to do , so we started working . 
after working 30 minute , a singer appeared . while we were organizing the concert , she was singing on a stage . we could listen for free ! i just imagined what it was like to be a singer . if only i could sing beautifully ! 
after working 30 minutes , a singer appeared . while we were organizing the concert , she was singing on a stage . we could listen for free ! i just imagined what it was like to be a singer . if only i could sing beautifully ! 
anyway , by the time we finished everything , thusands of funs came in this concert hall . everybody looked very excited about the concert . 
anyway , by the time we finished everything , thousands of fans came into this concert hall . everybody looked very excited about the concert . 
during the concert , we had to stand to protect this singer . we saw some very strange fans but most of them were quite nice . actually , they were well-behaved . 
during the concert , we had to stand to protect this singer . we saw some very strange fans but most of them were quite nice . actually , they were well-behaved . 
finally , the concert finished and we were thanked by this singer . also , we got some posteres as well . 
finally , the concert finished and we were thanked by this singer . also , we got some posters as well . 
it was a great experience for me and my friend . i wish you were there with us ! maybe next time ! 
it was a great experience for me and my friend . i wish you had been there with us ! maybe next time ! 
by the way , i think i should go . please take care and please write to me , right ? 
by the way , i think i should go . please take care and please write to me , right ? 
love , 
love , 
yoshiko . 
yoshiko . 
20 ibiza road
20 ibiza road
san antonio
san antonio
13/06/2000
13/06/2000
helen ryan
helen ryan
competition organiser
competition organiser
dear madam:
dear madam:
i'm writting to you with reference to the letter i have received from you saying i have won your competition . 
i'm writing to you with reference to the letter i have received from you saying i have won your competition . 
first of all i'd like to thank you for the prize , i will enjoy it abosolutly . 
first of all , i'd like to thank you for the prize , i will enjoy it absolutely a lot . 
your letter encloses an application i have to fill with some information for the travel . well , as you demand , i tell you i would like to travel as soon as july begins , i'm going to be able only this summer month because my job responsabilities . acording to the choice whether i prefer tends or log cabins , i think i will turn to the first one because i have always loved camping the nearest to nature , if it's possible in front of a lake or a river , if you camping has one , so that i will be able to practise my favorite and skillful hobby: sailing . as well as this one i'll take painting , i'm very keen on art and i think i'm good at making portraits . 
your letter encloses an application form i have to fill in with some information about the trip . well , as you ask , i will tell you i would like to travel as soon as july begins , i'm going to be able only to travel in that month because of my job responsibilities . according to regarding the choice of tents or log cabins , i think i will turn to the first one because i have always loved camping close to nature , if possible , in front of a lake or a river , if your campsite has one , so that i will be able to do my favourite and skillful hobby: sailing . as well as this activity i'll do painting , i'm very keen on art and i think i'm good at painting portraits . 
finally , i'd like to add some further questions: what kind of clothes do i have to bring ? , do i any kind ? , and would it be necessary to bring money ? , how much ? 
finally , i'd like to ask some further questions: what kind of clothes do i have to bring ? do i any kind ? and would it be necessary to bring any money ? how much ? 
thank you very much , and i hope the information above would be sufficient . i look forward to hearing from you
thank you very much , and i hope the information above will be sufficient . i look forward to hearing from you
your faithfully jose fernandez
yours faithfully , jose fernandez
" wuthering heights " by emile brnte i think this statement is a very truly afimation in the case of my book because the main character of the story is a very wicked man . besides that , this character is more interesting than others due to his complex mind and his deep evil manners . it's the richest character at all , his name is heathcliff , and he's the reason of whatever happens to the others characters . they are always suffering the revenge that heathcliff swear , cause of which is the miserable situation the other character have put him in . from this point of view i think heathcliff shouldn't be hated by his bad temper . he's not good not because he was born with this trend to harm but the others character make him become thus . this revenge links the story so without it we would not have such " wuthering heights " . i sympathize with heathcliff because i think every bad character is a very important point of every book , film or play and if they were missing we would not love those stories we enjoyed while we were reading them . 
" wuthering heights " by emile brnte i think this statement is a very true accurate affirmation summary in the case of my book because the main character in the story is a very wicked man . besides that , this character is more interesting than the others due to his complex mind and his deep , evil ways . he's the richest character of all , his name is heathcliff , and he's the reason for whatever happens to the other characters . they are always suffering from the vengeance that heathcliff is sworn to , the cause of which is the miserable situation the other characters have put him in . from this point of view i think heathcliff shouldn't be hated for his bad temper . he's not good not because he was born with this tendency to harm but because the other characters have made him like that . this revenge links the story together so without it we would not have such " wuthering heights " . i sympathize with heathcliff because i think every bad character is a very important aspect of every book , film or play and if they were missing we would not love those stories we enjoyed while we were reading them . 
dear mrs ryan , 
dear mrs ryan , 
thank you for your letter of 13 june . i am very happy to have won the first prize in your competition . 
thank you for your letter of 13 june . i am very happy to have won the first prize in your competition . 
i would like to travel only in july , because i have only one month holliday this year . i would prefer to sleep in a tent , because i think is a great fun and a bit more adventurous . it is not too much confortable , but it is not a problem for me , i like this kind of holliday . 
i would like to travel only in july , because i have only one month's holiday this year . i would prefer to sleep in a tent , because i think it is great fun and a bit more adventurous . it is not too comfortable , but that is not a problem for me . i like this kind of holiday . 
i am keen on photography so i would love to participated at this activity , i am very good at that and it would be a pleasure for me to help the others . i also will take painting , because i always dream about painting , but i never try to , so i think it is a good occasion . 
i am keen on photography so i would love to participate in this activity . i am very good at it and it would be a pleasure for me to help the others . i will also take painting , because i always dream about painting , but i never try to , so i think it is a good opportunity . 
i would be grateful if you could tell me what kind of clothes i have to take with and how many money , more or less , do you think i should take . 
i would be grateful if you could tell me what kind of clothes i have to take with me and how much money , more or less , you think i should take . 
thank you to ask me my taste and to be preoccupated about it . 
thank you for asking me about my tastes preferences and to be preoccupied about it for your concern . 
i look forward to hearing from you as soon as possible . 
i look forward to hearing from you as soon as possible . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
audrey gillett
audrey gillett
dear kim , 
dear kim , 
like you know last month , i had helped at a pop concert and i enjoyed it a lot . 
as you know , last month i helped worked at a pop concert and i enjoyed it a lot . 
firstly i had to make the decor of the scene , so i made in the background a sky with a lot of bright stars . then i put some blue lights . furthermore i made some stars in paper in argent color . but that was only the begining of my adventure . 
first i had to make the backdrop for the stage , so i made the background a sky with a lot of bright stars . then i put in some blue lights . furthermore i made some stars out of paper in silver colour silver-coloured paper . but that was only the beginning of my adventure . 
the most exiting part was when i had to make up the pop stars ! i never had met pop stars before and i was very impresed , but i was too happy to show my shyness . do you believe that i spoke with micheal jackson , my favourite singer ? 
the most exciting part was when i had to do the pop stars' make-up ! i never had met pop stars before and i was very impressed , but i was too happy to show my shyness . do you believe that i spoke with micheal jackson , my favourite singer ? 
i can't believe it yet ! it was a wonderful experience . i will remember that day for the rest of my life . it was like a dream who becomes tru . i wish you had been there with me . i can't explain how supper it was . 
i can't believe it yet ! it was a wonderful experience . i will remember that day for the rest of my life . it was like a dream who becomes true like a dream come true . i wish you had been there with me . i can't explain how super great it was . 
i stayed with him until the concert begun and after the show i had the opportunity to stay in his private room with him and the other dansers . well , i have to leave you now , but i will tell you more details when we next meet each other . 
i stayed with him until the concert began and after the show i had the opportunity to stay in his private room with him and the other dancers . well , i have to leave you now , but i will give you more details when we next meet each other . 
see you soon . 
see you soon . 
love , 
love , 
audrey
audrey
dear sir , 
dear sir , 
after having read your letter , i write to you to inform you that i would like to travel in july . it is the only month where i don't work . as for the accommodations i would prefer a tent , there's nothing like hearing raindrops on canvas at night ! 
after having read your letter , i am writing to you to inform you that i would like to travel in july . it is the only month that i don't work . as for the accommodation , i would prefer a tent . there's nothing like hearing raindrops on canvas at night ! 
last but not least , i would like to go sailing and climbing . i have sailed some in my youth but have never went climbing . it would be a fun experiance ! will i be needing any money . please send me a list of needed clothes and/or supplies . thank you very much . 
last but not least , i would like to go sailing and climbing . i have sailed a little in my youth but have never been climbing . it would be a fun experience ! will i be needing any money ? please send me a list of required clothes and/or supplies . thank you very much . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
gilbert neville
gilbert neville
p . s . 
p . s . 
i would like to know if there is a medical staff present during the two weeks ? does any medication have to be declared to them ? in case of any accidents , will the transport back home be paid for ? 
i would like to know if there is a medical staff present during the two weeks . does any medication have to be declared to them ? in the event of an accident , will the transport back home be paid for ? 
why can shopping be unenjoyable ? 
why is it that shopping is sometimes unenjoyable ? 
first of all , it depends on who is with you and what the other person likes to shop for . 
first of all , it depends on who is with you and what the other person likes to shop for . 
some people are boring to shop with , they don't talk or comment anything they see . why would anyone shop with that type of person ? well , i really don't know . women , in perticular , have the annoying habit of always having to touch everything they see . if it is something they like , they always have to try it on . we all know how it is when a woman tried on some clothes ( usually several ) but it's still better than when we're talking about shoes ! that has to be the worst . seeing or imagining a woman in the cloths she chooses can at least help when being bored , but shoes are just shoes . shopping for them is a very long and tiring experiance . it seems to last forever and just when you think she's done , she spots an othe pair . 
some people are boring to shop with , they don't talk or comment on anything they see . why would anyone shop with that type of person ? well , i really don't know . women , in particular , have the annoying habit of always having to touch everything they see . if it is something they like , they always have to try it on . we all know how it is when a woman tries on some clothes ( usually several items ) but that's still better than when we're talking about shoes ! that has to be the worst . seeing or imagining a woman in the clothes she chooses can at least help when you are bored , but shoes are just shoes . shopping for them is a very long and tiring experience process . it seems to last forever and just when you think she's done , she spots another pair . 
shopping for me is supposed to be a very fast experiance . as soon as someone else is with you , it can become horrible ! 
shopping in my opinion is supposed to be a very quick experience process . as soon as someone else is with you , it can become horrible ! 
dear sir/madam . 
dear sir/madam . 
i have just recieved your letter saying that i have won the competition , i must say i was really surprise and happy to have the oportunity to join the camp for two weeks . 
i have just received your letter saying that i have won the competition . i must say i was really surprised and happy to be given the opportunity to join the camp for two weeks . 
i would like to travel at the end of july , because at that time , i will be finishing a degree in arts . i am concerned that you offer me the chance to choose two activities , while i am there , because of my studies , i will take painting as this is the subject which i am finishing at the college , allways with important cualificaitons , and photography subject which has been my hobby since i discover that i can mix in practise paint and photo . 
i would like to travel at the end of july , because at that time i will be finishing a degree in art . i am concerned that you offer me the chance to choose two activities , while i am there . because of my studies , i will take painting , as this is the subject which i am finishing at college , always with important qualifications , and photography which has been my hobby since i discovered that i can mix , in practice , paint and photography . 
concernet to acomodation . i would prefer a tent since for me if i go to a camp or and excurcion it won't be the same if i slept in a cabin . 
concerning accommodation , i would prefer a tent since for me if i go to a camp or on an excursion it isn't the same if i sleep in a cabin . 
finally i would like to know if i will have any extra cash for expenses , i mean food , or will i have to bring it with me ? will i have to bring my own clothes or you will give it to us ? 
finally i would like to know if i will have any extra cash for expenses , i mean food , or will i have to bring it with me ? will i have to bring my own clothes or will you give them to us ? 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
your faithfully
yours faithfully
shopping is not always enjoyable . 
shopping is not always enjoyable . 
some people seems to enjoy going shopping and spending money , it makes them happy but what about the ques you have to make to pay for something just to realise , when you get to the front , that they have to close that till and they ask you to move to the next till , what a waist of time . 
some people seem to enjoy going shopping and spending money . it makes them happy . but what about the queues you have to join to pay for something just to find , when you get to the front , that they have to close the till and they ask you to move to the next till . what a waste of time . 
it happened to me once that i wanted to go on holidays , so i went to the travel agency . in the front there were some good advertisement about holidays which were very cheap . i really liked one of them concernent to spain for 3 days with hotel and breakfast included , but for 250 . i went inside to asked for that packet but they told me that it was gone , therefore , i went to many shoops just to find the same answer . any of the adver . in the windows were available . however , the most important thing is when i asked them to take that adver . of the didn't do it . 
it happened to me once . i wanted to go on holiday , so i went to the travel agency . in the window there were some good advertisements about holidays which were very cheap . i really liked one of them concerning a holiday in spain for 3 days with hotel and breakfast included , only for for only 250 . i went inside to ask about that package but they told me that it was gone , so , i went to many shops just to get the same answer . any none of the adverts in the windows were available . however , the most important thing is when i asked them to take that advert out of the window they didn't do it . 
as and advise try to go shopping in the out pick hours , and don't waist your time asking for promosion advertised in the windows of the shop . 
as and advise try to go shopping in the out pick hours , and don't waste your time asking for promotion promotions advertised in the windows of the shop . 
dear mrs ryan , 
dear mrs ryan , 
i am really enthusiastic about the prize i've won , i'm writing to give you the information you asked me for and , if it's possible , to have some further details about the camp . 
i am really enthusiastic about the prize i've won . i'm writing to give you the information you asked me for and , if it's possible , to have some further details about the camp . 
i would prefer travelling in july , because i have my exams in june and i've signed for a contract as a shop assistant starting in august . 
i would prefer travelling in july , because i have my exams in june and i've signed a contract to work as a shop assistant , starting in august . 
since i have the choice for my accomodation , i'll definetelly go for the log cabins , because i can't bare the heat inside the tent . 
since i have a choice of accommodation , i'll definitely go for the log cabin , because i can't bear the heat inside a tent . 
out of the list of activities given i've chosen golf and photography; golf because i love the sport although i don't get to play it much ( i'm not bad at it ) , and photography because it's something i've always loved to learn but i've never had the chance . 
out of the list of activities given , i've chosen golf and photography; golf because i love the sport although i don't get to play it much ( i'm not bad at it ) , and photography because it's something i've always wanted to learn but i've never had the chance . 
what i would like to ask you is about the weather conditions , so i can decide on what clothes to take , and about costs , so i can make a budjet for the holiday . 
i would like to ask you about the weather conditions , so i can decide on what clothes to take , and about costs , so i can make a budget for the holiday . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
angelo costa
angelo costa
dear kim , 
dear kim , 
i'm really glad you wrote to me to ask how everything had gone at the concert; so i'm going to tell you how things went . 
i'm really glad you wrote to me to ask how everything had gone at the concert; so i'm going to tell you how things went . 
my job mainly involved helping to set the stage and to take it down after the concert , but i also gave a hand backstage when needed . 
my job mainly involved helping to build the stage and to take it down after the concert , but i also gave a hand backstage when needed . 
i was part of the staff , we all had a special pass card and they also gave us a t-shirt and a cap ( i've got an extra one for you ) ; our work started two days before the concert , and i must say it was really hard , specially because we worked under the sun , from 8 . 00 a . m to 8 . 00p . m . with an hour brake for lunch and it was the same after the concert . 
i was part of the staff . we all had a special pass and they also gave us a t-shirt and a cap ( i've got an extra one for you ) ; our work started two days before the concert , and i must say it was really hard , especially because we worked in the sun , from 8 . 00 a . m to 8 . 00p . m . with an hour's break for lunch and it was the same after the concert . 
after the stage was set , the rest of the things i had to do were quite easy and enjoyable; i could stay either back or front stage and give a hand if needed , i really enjoyed it because i learnt a lot of tecnical things i didn't know; and what i also enjoyed was the good pay ! 
after the stage was built , the rest of the things i had to do were quite easy and enjoyable; i could stay either behind or in front of the stage and give a hand if needed . i really enjoyed it because i learnt a lot of technical things i didn't know; and what i also enjoyed was the good pay ! 
lots of love
lots of love
angelo . 
angelo . 
dear mrs . helen
dear mrs . helen
i'm writing back to answer the questions that you send me in the past letter , so refering to the question of when i would like to travel , i would like to go anytime during july , because i have to be in august back home , because i need to apply and get everithing sortted out , to go into college next september . 
i'm writing to answer the questions that you sent me in the last letter , so referring to the question of when i would like to travel , i would like to go anytime during july , because i have to be in august back home back home in august , because i need to apply and get everything sorted out , to go to college next september . 
and according to the question of wich type of accommodation i prefer , i choose a log cabin , because i think that the tent is more messy , so i would appreciate if you give me the cabin . and my answer to the question of wich activities i would like to choose , well i choose swimming cause is my daily excercise and surfing . anyway i'm not very good doing surfing but with a little bit of help i know i can make it . 
and referring to the question about which type of accommodation i prefer , i choose a log cabin , because i think that a tent is messier , so i would appreciate it if you give me a cabin . and my answer to the question about which activities i would like to choose , well i choose swimming , because it is my daily exercise , and surfing . anyway i'm not very good at surfing but with a little bit of help i know i can do it . 
oh , for last i just would like to ask you how many clothes , and money i have to bring with me . and well mrs helen i would really apprecciatte if you send me back a letter with all the answers of my question , anyway . 
oh , last i just would like to ask you how much clothing and money i have to bring with me . and well , mrs helen , i would really appreciate it if you sent me back a letter with all the answers to my questions . 
thank you very very much and please keep in contact by e-mail , as normal mail . 
thank you very very much and please keep in contact by e-mail , or normal mail . 
yours trully 
yours truly 
alvaro ramirez
alvaro ramirez
dear kim:
dear kim:
i hope you keep in great form , like you were the last time i saw you , how is your family , i hope everyone is ok . 
i hope you are keeping in great shape , like you were the last time i saw you . how is your family ? i hope everyone is ok . 
well here in dublin things still the same , but i think somebody told you that i went to the moby concert here at the point wich is the big theatre for events and concerts , i guess it was the best concert i've ever been to , but the coolest thing is that , well do you remember my friend luke , the one that works as a security guard , well he told me that they needed people to put everything on the stage , so i went to help them and everithing else , and when i get into the point , do you who was there ? just imagine , it was moby , so i went to say hello to him , and he told me would you give me a hand with my decks , so i went , and when we finished he gave me a t-shirt and a gold pass to see the concert from the first row , oh my god kim that the best thing that ever happened to me , well kim i hope to recieve a letter from you soon , and please tell everybody about the moby concert and everything , thank you . 
well here in dublin things are still the same , but i think somebody told you that i went to the moby concert here at the point , which is the big venue for events and concerts . i guess it was the best concert i've ever been to , but the coolest thing is that , well do you remember my friend luke , the one that works as a security guard ? well he told me that they needed people to put everything on the stage , so i went to help them and everything else , and when i got to the point , do you know who was there ? can you believe it , it was moby . so i went to say hello to him , and he asked me , 'would you give me a hand with my decks ? ' so i went , and when we finished he gave me a t-shirt and a gold pass to see the concert from the first row . oh my god , kim , that was the best thing that ever happened to me . well kim , i hope to receive a letter from you soon , and please tell everybody about the moby concert and everything , thank you . 
see you soon
see you soon
love
love
alvaro
alvaro
xxxx
xxxx
dear helen ryan , 
dear helen ryan , 
thank you for the information , that i won the competition . i'll try to answer your questions . 
thank you for the news that i won the competition . i'll try to answer your questions . 
i would preffer travelling in july , i have only these time , because my summer holidays during these days . 
i would prefer to travel in july . i have only this time , because my summer holidays are during these days . 
to your answer about living in tents or cabins , i would like to sleep in a tent . a cabin remember me too much to my home and is too confortable , that isn't what i want to have if i live in a wild area . 
to answer your question about living in tents or cabins , i would like to sleep in a tent . a cabin remind reminds me too much of my home and is too comfortable . that isn't what i want to have if i stay in a wild area . 
my favourite sports are climbing and surfing , i'm very good at climbing but for surfing i need some practise . 
my favourite sports are climbing and surfing . i'm very good at climbing but for surfing i need some practice . 
yes , i have some questions on clothes , what should i take with me and how much money will i need ? 
yes , i have some questions about clothes . what should i take with me and how much money will i need ? 
i hope , i was able to answer your questions and you will perhaps soon give me a reply on my ones . 
i hope i was able to answer your questions and you will perhaps soon give me a reply to my ones . 
yours , vadim titov
yours , vadim titov
dear kim , 
dear kim , 
you can't believe what i did last month . i was given the opportunity to build up the concert and of course i took my chance . 
you won't believe what i did last month . i was given the opportunity to build up the concert and of course i took my chances jumped at it . 
first i arrived really early in the morning on the place , but the people were just working and i joined them . my duty was to montage the spot lights on the right places , but it wasn't just easy . you had always some problems because like not having enough wire or the lamps were broken by the transport . the experience that i made was , that i had never worked in a such perfect team . i was able to ask anybody , and he answered detailly , althoug he was full of work . 
first i arrived really early in the morning at the place , but the people were just working and i joined them . my duty was to montage the spot lights on the right places , but it wasn't very easy . you always had some problems like not having enough wire or the lamps being broken by the transport . the experience that i had was that i had never worked in such a perfect team . i was able to ask anybody , and he answered in detail , although he had a lot of work . 
after the hard work we took cool drinks , sat down on the ground and enjoyed the pop concert . and as the pop stars thanked us for our hard job we all were a little proud to be here . 
after the hard work we had cool drinks , sat down on the ground and enjoyed the pop concert . and as the pop stars thanked us for our hard work we all were a little proud to be here . 
love , vadim
love , vadim
dear ryan
dear ryan
i am writing to reply for your letter about competition . 
i am writing to reply to your letter about the competition . 
first of all i would like to say that i am very happy that i won first prize in your competition . 
first of all i would like to say that i am very happy that i won first prize in your competition . 
secondly you asked me , when i have time for travel , so i can go only in july , because only in july i have holiday . and i would like to go in the first part of this month , socond part i spend with my familly . 
secondly , you asked me when i have time for travel , so i can only go in july , because i only have holiday in july . and i would like to go in the first part of this month , the second part i spend with my family . 
if you do not mind i would prefer tent , because in tent i will be along . 
if you do not mind i would prefer a tent , because in a tent i will be alone . 
while i will be at the camp i would like sailing , because it is my favorite sport . i am good at it - i am sailing from childhood . the second activities which i would like to do is surfing - i have never do it . 
while i will be at the camp i would like sailing , because it is my favourite sport . i am good at it - i have been sailing since childhood . the second activity which i would like to do is surfing - i have never done it . 
i would like to know , how much money i must have with me ? and what clothes i should take with me . 
i would like to know how much money i must have with me ? and what clothes i should take with me . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours faitfully 
yours faithfully 
aniela chmielewski
aniela chmielewski
" the old man and the sea " 
" the old man and the sea " 
'this is such a marvellous book you will want to read it again'
'this is such a marvellous book you will want to read it again'
in my opininion this book 'the old man and the sea' is the best book which ernest hemingway had writen . 
in my opinion this book 'the old man and the sea' is the best book which ernest hemingway had written wrote . 
thise book is about men who know that he will die soon , he know that he didn't made his dream coom tru . so he decidet to go for last trip in his life . hes destenation is get marlin . he is very old , and he isn't so strong that he should be . he need to rest , but he don't geve up . i the end he make his drems coom tru , he get vast marlin . 
thise book is about a man who knows that he will die soon , he knows that he didn't make his dream come true . so he decided to go for a last trip in his life . his destination goal is to get a marlin . he is very old , and he isn't so strong as he should be . he needs to rest , but he doesn't give up . in the end he makes his dreams come true , he gets catches a vast marlin . 
in thise book hemingway is trying to tell us , that if we want something , we can get it , it can be deficult and take long time but we can do it . we must believe in our selfs . 
in this book hemingway is trying to tell us , that if we want something , we can get it , it might be difficult and take a long time but we can do it . we must believe in ourselves . 
people in our ages should think about this . sometimes they geve up , befor they get something , 
people in our ages should think about this . sometimes they give up , before they get something , 
to sum up i must say that every-one should read this book . 
to sum up i must say that everyone should read this book . 
camp california in the u . s . a . 
camp california in the u . s . a . 
competition organiser
competition organiser
13th june 2000
13th june 2000
dear helen ryan , 
dear helen ryan , 
i am really happy for receive your congratulations . was very exciting moment and very nice competition . and now to be the first winner . is wonderful for me to have the opportunitie to visit the camp california in the u . s . a . 
i am really happy to receive your congratulations . it was a very exciting moment and a very nice competition . and now to win first prize ! it is wonderful for me to have the opportunity to visit camp california in the u . s . a . 
in answer at your letter . i would like to travel in july for two reason one's is because i totaly will finish my exam in that date and the other in the first two week i will go to farnborought is special 10 days the presentation the air show and will be there the delegation from my country . 
in answer to your letter , i would like to travel in july for two reasons . one's because i totally will have finished my exams by that time and the other is that in the first two weeks of that month i will go to farnborought is special 10 days the presentation the air show and the delegation from my country will be there . 
and for the second question . about accommodation during these two weeks at the camp i would prefer log cabins ; because maybe is more interesting to share with other people . 
and for the second question , about accommodation during these two weeks at the camp , i would prefer a log cabin ; because maybe it is more interesting to share with other people . 
in other hand you ask me i have the chance for to choose two activities while i am at the camp . but is no easy , because all is very interesting for me . but anyway i like more to have the possibilities for practice climbing and surfing . meanwhile , these activities are develop . can you said me if is necessary to bring special clothes , i refer for instance if i practice surfing i need water suit . is possible to get there ? at the same situation for climbing i need special equipment and then there are available in the camp and what about the guide for these activities ? i need extra money ? 
on the other hand you tell me i have the chance to choose two activities while i am at the camp . but it is not easy , because all are very interesting for me . but anyway i like more to have the possibilities for practise to practise to do climbing and surfing . meanwhile , these activities are develop . can you say tell me if it is necessary to bring any special clothes . for instance if i practise go surfing will i need a wet suit . is it possible to get one there ? the same goes for climbing . do i need any special equipment and is it available in the camp and what about the guide for these activities ? do i need any extra money ? 
i am really appreciate if you can answer me these doubt and saying again . thanks very much , because is new stimulation for me . this prize . 
i would really appreciate it if you could answer these doubts questions and saying again . thanks very much , because is new stimulation for me . this prize . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
isabel cruz
isabel cruz
13th june , 2000
13th june , 2000
shopping is not always enjoyable . 
shopping is not always enjoyable . 
i think this topic is so exciting in the antropological and psicological point of view , because we can studie the reaction before , during and after to shopping . 
i think this topic is so exciting from the anthropological and psychological point of view , because we can study the subject's reactions before , during and after shopping . 
people in general have a compulsory actitud for shopping in my opinion . because sometimes the article for to buy is not really necessary . we must to accept that media have so important effect in our life in special the t . v . 
people in general have a compulsion actitud to shop , in my opinion . because sometimes the article being bought is not really necessary . we must accept that the media have an important effect on our lives , especially the t . v . 
for the men and women is important the appearance and they spent a lot of money in buy clothes , cosmetic , accesories , jewels etc . and the other they choose sometimes just for the label . without give really importance to the calidad in reference to the appearance there is more preocupation in the food area , because people in general they don't spent the time for prepare food and when they shopping they choose pre-prepared food . we know is more easy for these busy life . 
for men and women is important appearance appearance is important and they spend a lot of money buying clothes , cosmetics , accessories , jewellery etc . and other times they sometimes choose just for the label . without give really importance to the quality . in reference to the appearance there is more preocupation in the food area , because people in general don't spend time preparing food and when they go shopping they choose pre-prepared food . we know it is easier for those with a busy life . 
in the other hand the facilities for access to mall center is not good . the area for parking , space for play grown to the children or bus station near the mall is not really appropiate . otherwise shopping will be more enjoyable . 
on the other hand the facilities for access to the shopping center are not good . the area for parking , space for children to play or bus station near the mall are not really appropriate adequate . otherwise shopping would be more enjoyable . 
i think in the nearly future we need to decide with the goverment . which is special place in the town we lefet just for comerical area , but of course with all the facilities to get there like a big supermarket , and mall centre in different areas of the city . 
i think in the near future we need to decide with the government which special place in the town will be left just as a commercial area , but of course with all the facilities to get there , like a big supermarket and mall centre , from different areas of the city . 
dear madam helen ryan , 
dear ms helen ryan , 
i have received your letter yesterday . i really thanks for your organisation has given me the opportunities to go abroad u . s . a . 
i received your letter yesterday . i really thank you for your organisation has given me the opportunity the opportunity your organisation has given me to go to the u . s . a . 
the date that i would like to travel , that will be nice to go on 1st of july . because my summer holidays break is start at end of june . and i need few days to prepare my stuff . 
concerning the date when i would like to travel , it will be nice to go on the 1st of july , because my summer holidays start at the end of june . and i need a few days to prepare my stuff . 
regarding to the accommodation , i would prefer to stay in tents more than log carbins because i have a lot of experiences of built up my own tents . when i was in highschool i used to be a member of the campfire . 
regarding the accommodation , i would prefer to stay in tents rather than log cabins because i have a lot of experience of put putting up my own tents . when i was in high school i used to be a member of the campfire . 
the activities that you have listed forms . some of the them i really interested in it , especially painting . since i was young , my dad he alway took me out to have live drawings , so now it became my hobbies . and i think , it is nice to draw the beautiful landscapes of the place . beside drawings , swimming is my favourite as well . when i was in highschool , i have joined in the swimming club . and i also participated in a few swimming competition . although i'm not the best , but i have a lot of confident in it . 
concerning the activities that you have listed , some of them i am really interested in , especially painting . since i was young , my dad always took has always taken me to life drawing , so now it has become one of my hobbies . and i think it will be nice to draw beautiful landscapes of the place . beside drawing , swimming is my favourite as well . when i was in high school , i joined the swimming club . and i also participated in a few swimming competitions . although i'm not the best , i have a lot of confidence at it . 
at last some of things i need to clarify , that is , what type of clothes and money do i need to prepared . 
lastly there are some things i need to clarify , such as what type of clothes and how much money i need to prepare bring . 
thanks again . 
thanks again . 
i agree ! sometimes shopping is not always enjoyable . for most of the people might think , why would i say that , because shopping is a very good entertainment especially for female , as me . 
i agree ! sometimes shopping is not always enjoyable . most people might think , why would i say that ? because shopping is a very good entertainment , especially for females women , like me . 
for frank , i like to shopping . of course not because of buying things . i like to have window shopping that is good to go arround the shopping area . it would help you up to the date . what fashion is hit now . 
for frankly frankly , i like to shop . of course not because of buying things . i like to go window shopping that is good to go around the shopping centre . it helps you keep up to date . with what with what fashion is in now . 
but , when during any peak season , like christmas , holidays or even during weekends . then i can say i'm definatly doesn't feel any enjoyable . because of the crowd . for me i think , it is not shopping that is kind of suffering . especially , queue up for twenty minutes for just paying the money or waiting for the salesgirl getting your the right size of clothes . so sometimes i don't think shopping is enjoyable , and if there is any big festival , i would rather stay at home and watch television . 
but during any peak season , like christmas holidays or even during weekends , then i can say i definitely don't feel it is enjoyable , because of the crowds . for me i think it is not shopping but a kind of suffering , especially queuing up for twenty minutes just to pay or waiting for the salesgirl to get the right size . so sometimes i don't think shopping is enjoyable , and if there is any big holiday , i would rather stay at home and watch television . 
13 . 06 . 2000
13 . 06 . 2000
dear mrs . ryan , 
dear mrs . ryan , 
thank you very much for your letter . i am happy that i won the first prize and i am looking forward to travelling to california . 
thank you very much for your letter . i am happy that i won the first prize and i am looking forward to travelling to california . 
you have had some questions which i would like to answer now:
you had some questions which i would like to answer now:
- time of travelling: according to the vacations and school holidays in germany i am only able to travel in july . due to this fact i hope you can arrange it for me . 
- time of travelling: according to because of the vacations and school holidays in germany i am only able to travel in july . due to this fact i hope you can arrange it for me . 
- accomodation : log cabins would be nice for me to stay in when i am in california . you now that we are not used to living in such high temperatures in germany as it will be then in california . i suppose i will have more fun if there is a cabin which is air conditioned . if there are only tents available at this time it will not be a problem for me , too . 
- accommodation : a log cabins log cabin would be nice for me to stay in when i am in california . you know that we are not used to living in such high temperatures in germany as you have there in california . i suppose i will have more fun if there is a cabin which is air conditioned . if there are only tents available at this time it will not be a problem for me either . 
- activities: during my stay i would like to do swimming and surfing . i know it will be hot there and california is famous for its beaches . i am a good swimmer and hope to improve my swimming style , too . on the other side i have no experience in surfing , - i am an absolute beginner with high motivation . 
- activities: during my stay i would like to do swimming and surfing . i know it will be hot there and california is famous for its beaches . i am a good swimmer and hope to improve my swimming style , too . on the other hand i have no experience of surfing - i am an absolute beginner with high motivation . 
- additional question: could you tell me how much extra money is usually needed for a two week camping ? 
- additional question: could you tell me how much extra money is usually needed for a two-week camping holiday ? 
i am looking forward to getting further information from you . greetings from germany ! 
i am looking forward to getting further information from you . greetings from germany ! 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
bruno aachen
bruno aachen
" shopping is not always enjoyable " . 
" shopping is not always enjoyable " . 
before we can give our opinions on this statemant we have to make sure that everyone knows what we are discussing about . 
before we can give our opinions on this statement we have to make sure that everyone knows what we are discussing . 
'shopping' stands for buying goods for your daily requirements , e . g . food , clothes . we do not speak here about luxuary goods . 
'shopping' means buying goods for your daily requirements , e . g . food , clothes . we do not speak here about luxury goods . 
in this contest , shopping means a compulsory exercise you have to do regularly and frequently . it is not enjoyable if you look at it as a duty . but if you realize how important it is for your health what you buy you will go shopping with much more consiousness and joy than before . 'shopping' could be annoying if you look at it as a waste of time because you do it every day . reorganize your behaviour of shopping and plan to keep food in stock ! try the internet and use e-business and online-shopping to order your pants for example . 
in this context , shopping means a compulsory exercise you have to do regularly and frequently . it is not enjoyable if you look on it as a duty . but if you realize how important what you buy is for your health you will go shopping with a far greater consciousness and more joy than before . 'shopping' could be annoying if you look on it as a waste of time because you do it every day . reorganize your approach to shopping and plan to keep food in stock ! try the internet and use e-business and online shopping to order your pants for example . 
this is even an appropriate way to get around unfriendly service you get to know if you have to buy something in a shop right before closing time . choose your clothes at home after you have ordered them by e-mail ! another solution to get a friendlier service is of course to go to another shop . 
this is even a good way to get around the unfriendly service you get to know if you have to buy something in a shop right before closing time . choose your clothes at home before you order them by e-mail ! another way to get a friendlier service is of course to go to another shop . 
you have been presented some causes why shopping is not always enjoyable . there are ways of behaviour to make more fun of it . it depends on every individual to change your mind and act as a 'smart' shopper . 
you have been presented with some reasons why shopping is not always enjoyable . there are ways of making it more fun . it depends on every individual to change your mind and behave like a 'smart' shopper . 
dear mr. helen . ryan , 
dear mr. helen . ryan , 
thank you for your confirming about the first prize in your competition . i was pleased as i got it . 
thank you for confirming about the first prize in your competition . i was pleased when i got it . 
i'll confirm about my hopes . 
i'll confirm about my hopes . 
i hope i'll be able to travel on july . due to the fact that my children have summer holiday from july . i prefer to stay in log cabins , therefore i'm going to travel with 2 children and my dog . i wonder if i can take them as well . then i'd like to join the activities , swimming and singing . i love swimming and also i've got a scubar diving licence . i used to enjoy floting on the water whenever i was on holiday . singing is the most favarite hobby for us . we often go out to sing in karaoke bar . 
i hope i'll be able to travel in july , due to the fact that my children have summer holiday from july . i prefer to stay in log cabins , because i'm going to travel with 2 children and my dog . i wonder if i can take them as well . then i'd like to join the activities , swimming and singing . i love swimming and also i've got a scuba diving licence . i used to enjoy floating on the water whenever i was on holiday . singing is the most favourite hobby for us . we often go out to sing in a karaoke bar . 
my son experienced winning the first prize in a karaoke competition . 
my son experienced winning the first prize in a karaoke competition . 
i'd like to know that how much monery , how many clothes we need . 
i'd like to know how much money , and how many clothes we need . 
it would be grateful if you sent me more details
i would be grateful if you sent me more details
i look forward to hearing from you . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely 
yours faithfully 
hana soma
hana soma
first of all we can't go shopping without money . nowadays , most product's prices has gone up with our own country's economy development . despite the poor material of product , we have to pay much money , even though we completely satisfied shopping at that time , we sometimes regret buying after the shopping . it sounds like foolish . however it often happen . 
first of all , we can't go shopping without money . nowadays , most products' prices have gone up with our own country's economic development . despite the poor material of product , we have to pay a lot of money , even though we are completely satisfied with shopping at that time , we sometimes regret buying after the shopping . it sounds foolish . however it often happens . 
secondary the customer's service often makes us angry . of couse , the shopkeepers are human being as well . but for their considerations , they're working in their rutines . so their attitude sometimes seems to be bossy and pushy . 
secondly , the service often makes us angry . of course , the shopkeepers are human beings as well . but for their considerations , they're working in their routines . so their attitude sometimes seems to be bossy and pushy . 
i sometimes loose my desire to buy a thing because of their badly behaviers . 
i sometimes lose my desire to buy a thing because of their bad behaviour . 
moreover , shopping is just a part of life style . it's necessary to buy something to alive . we have to buy for some thing . for example , for our jobs supecial ceremonys and so on . even when the risk comes up with shopping . 
moreover , shopping is just a part of life . it's necessary to buy something to live . we have to buy something . for example , for our jobs , special ceremonies , and so on . even when the risk comes up with shopping . 
to sum up , shopping is not always enjoyable for us
to sum up , shopping is not always enjoyable for us
dear helen ryan:
dear helen ryan:
i am writing to answer to the questions i have been asked in your previous letter . i have decided i would like to visit camp california only in july because i have already organized an other trip for the month of august . 
i am writing to answer the questions i have been asked in your previous letter . i have decided i would like to visit camp california only in july because i have already organized another trip for the month of august . 
i would rather prefer sleeping in log cabins if its possible because i have back problems and i am not allowed to sleep on the ground . 
i would prefer sleeping in a log cabin if it's possible because i have back problems and i am not allowed to sleep on the ground . 
i have also chosen as activities the ones of golf and tennis . i am rather good at these sports because i have practised them since i was a little girl . i am better at tennis that at golf but anyway i have experience in both these sports . 
i have also chosen as activities the options of golf and tennis . i am rather good at these sports because i have played them since i was a little girl . i am better at tennis that at golf but anyway i have experience in both these sports . 
i have also several simple questions . i would like to know how much money i have to take and what type of clothes i need . do i have to take with me my tennis raquet and my golf bag ? i would be very thankful to recieve answers to my questions . thank you . 
i have also several simple questions . i would like to know how much money i have to take and what type of clothes i need . do i have to take with me my tennis racquet and my golf bag my tennis racquet and my golf bag with me ? i would be very grateful to receive answers to my questions . thank you . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
dear kim:
dear kim:
how are you ? i'm fine . i finish school next week . i have to tell you all about the pop concert i helped to organize last month . it was really cool . i got the chance to meet ricky martin . boy , he's really really handsom ! 
how are you ? i'm fine . i finish school next week . i have to tell you all about the pop concert i helped to organize last month . it was really cool . i got the chance to meet ricky martin . boy , he's really really handsome ! 
i was in charge of the lights of the stage , you know , all those colourful lights that go all around the stage . it was hard work because i have been practising for several weeks . i had to learn what part of the stage had to be lightened with a blue light or a green one . even though i ended terribly tired i really enjoyed myself . 
i was in charge of the stage lights , you know , all those colourful lights that go all around the stage . it was hard work and i had been practising for several weeks . i had to learn what part of the stage had to be lit with a blue light and what part a green one . even though i ended up terribly tired i really enjoyed myself . 
it was a strange experience because its something new for me . i had never even gone to a concert before . i even got the chance to take some photographs of ricky martin with my sister and i've got one photo of him with me ! ! 
it was a strange experience because it's something new to me . i had never even gone to a concert before . i even got the chance to take some photographs of ricky martin with my sister and i've got one photo of him with me ! ! 
well , its an experience i'll never forget as long as i live . write to me as soon as possible , please ! 
well , its an experience i'll never forget as long as i live . write to me as soon as possible , please ! 
yours friend , 
your friend , 
dear mrs . ryan , 
dear mrs . ryan , 
in your letter i received a few days ago , you asked me to give you some more information concerning my journey to the u . s . a . 
in your letter i received a few days ago , you asked me to give you some more information concerning my trip to the u . s . a . 
i'm a teacher in vienna , my holiday starts on july 1st . for august i booked a journey to greece with my wife . that's why it would be great if i could make that journey to the u . s . in july . 
i'm a teacher in vienna . my holiday starts on july 1st . for august i booked a trip to greece with my wife . that's why it would be great if i could make that journey to the u . s . in july . 
i'm not quite a young man and during the past years of my life i got have become accostomed to some more comfort . tents remind me of the time when i was at the army - i would prefer log cabin for my stay in the camp . 
i'm not really a young man and during the recent years of my life i became have become accustomed to comfort . tents remind me of the time when i was in the army - i would prefer a log cabin for my stay in the camp . 
swimming is an activity i do since i was a boy , i still enjoy swimming especially when it's in the sea , although i never took part in competition , that means i do swimming just for fun . 
swimming is an activity i have done since i was a boy . i still enjoy swimming , especially when it's in the sea , although i never took part in competitions , which means i go swimming just for fun . 
the other activity i choose is photography . usually i take just holiday pictures to look at when i'm back home but when i have enough time - sometimes - i like to take pictures that have a slight touch of art . . . . 
the other activity i choose is photography . usually i just take holiday pictures to look at when i'm back home but when i have enough time - sometimes - i like to take pictures that have a slight touch of art . . . . 
i think there are no more questions i'm looking forward to seeing you . 
i think there are no more questions . i'm looking forward to seeing you . 
yours
yours
i'm the teacher of that class . the children are seven to eight years old . the video that will be made should demonstrate how day in school is like . 
i'm the teacher of the class in question . the children are seven to eight years old . the video that will be made should demonstrate what a day in school is like . 
- i start the day by greeting the children and they answer - in english , of course . then i tell them to sit down . 
- i start the day by greeting the children and they answer - in english , of course . then i tell them to sit down . 
- the first lesson will deal with animals on a farm . i will show pictures of animals and the children will tell me the name of that animal . 
- the first lesson will deal with animals on a farm . i will show pictures of animals and the children will tell me the names of the animals . 
- later on we'll go to sing the song of " old mcdonald had a farm " . 
- later on we'll sing the song " old mcdonald had a farm " . 
- the third part of the film will show the children's painting work " animals on a farm " . 
- the third part of the film will show the children's painting work " animals on a farm " . 
- some sequences of the gym-lesson should conclude the part of the film showing the children at work , but there should follow another short part that presents how children have their lunch and spend their free-time , what games they play in the school-yard and how they have contact with each other . 
- some sequences featuring the gym lesson should conclude the part of the film showing the children at work , but there should follow another short part that shows how the children have their lunch and spend their free time , what games they play in the schoolyard and how they interact with each other . 
each part of the film mentioned above should not be longer than 5 to 10 minutes . the whole film when it's finished will last for about half an hour . 
each part of the film mentioned above should not be longer than 5 to 10 minutes . the whole film when it's finished will last for about half an hour . 
dear ms helen ryan
dear ms helen ryan
i am writing this letter as an answer to your request for some further information from me . 
i am writing this letter as an answer to your request for some further information from me . 
i would like to travel in july , because i have recently got a new job , which i am going to start in august . therefore , july is my last free month until much later . i would prefer to stay in a tent during the camp , as i find tents a lot more exciting than log cabins . i am a very good swimmer , so i choose swimming from the activities you listed . i am also very keen on climbing , although i am not extremely good at it . i would also like to ask how much money i am supposed to take with me and i would be glad if you could give me an answer before the camp begins . 
i would like to travel in july , because i have recently got a new job , which i am going to start in august . therefore , july is my last free month until much later . i would prefer to stay in a tent during the camp , as i find tents a lot more exciting than log cabins . i am a very good swimmer , so i choose swimming from the activities you listed . i am also very keen on climbing , although i am not extremely good at it . i would also like to ask how much money i am supposed to take with me and i would be glad if you could give me an answer before the camp begins . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
bibiana krol
bibiana krol
most people enjoy shopping . but not me . i think shopping is hard , exhausting work , especially when you are trying to buy yourself some new clothes . 
most people enjoy shopping . but not me . i think shopping is hard , exhausting work , especially when you are trying to buy yourself some new clothes . 
the most annoying thing about shopping is that in most cases you have to search for a particular stuff for a long time and visit several shops before you find something that suits you . eventually , after long seeking you find a skirt you like . but it doesn't fit . you get really angry trying to find a bigger one but unfortunately this is the last one . and finally , after a few more hours , you buy the skirt of your dreams . and suddenly you notice the identical but cheaper one in the next shop . accident like that can really make you livid . at last you come back home , carrying the most beautiful skirt in the whole town . you phone your friend to visit you and your friend come , wearing the skirt not unlike the one you have just bought . 
the most annoying thing about shopping is that in most cases you have to search for a particular thing for a long time and visit several shops before you find something that suits you . eventually , after long searching you find a skirt you like . but it doesn't fit . you get really angry trying to find a bigger one but unfortunately this is the last one . and finally , after a few more hours , you buy the skirt of your dreams . and suddenly you notice the identical but cheaper one in the next shop . an accident like that can really make you livid . at last you come back home , carrying the most beautiful skirt in the whole town . you phone your friend to visit you and your friend comes , wearing a skirt not unlike the one you have just bought . 
but that's the life . you can always go and buy a new one . 
but that's life . you can always go and buy a new one . 
dear madam , 
dear madam , 
with regard to your letter , i would like to thank and congratulate you for making possible such a wonderful event as your competition is . 
with regard to your letter , i would like to thank and congratulate you for making possible an event as wonderful as your competition . 
if it was possible id prefer to pass the two weeks mentioned in your letter during july . in august i'll be working , so that it will be impossible for me to enjoy my prize during this month . 
if it is possible i'd prefer to spend the two weeks mentioned in your letter during july . in august i'll be working , so it will be impossible for me to enjoy my prize during that month . 
about the acommodation , out of the two possibilities , i choose sleeping in a tent , because i think that a log cabin isn't as authentic as a tent , at the camp . 
about the accommodation , from the two options , i choose to sleep in a tent , because i think that a log cabin isn't as authentic as a tent , at the camp . 
my two activities chosen from the list are climbing and surfing . my skills in these activities are very different : while in climbing , this will be the first time i climb . in surfing learning won't be a problem because i have been doing it since i was ten years old . 
my two activities chosen from the list are climbing and surfing . my skills in these activities differ widely : while regarding climbing , this will be the first time i have climbed ; in , regarding surfing , learning won't be a problem because i have been doing it since i was ten years old . 
it would be greatful if you could send me further information about details like how much money on what kind of clothes i'll have to take with me . 
i would be grateful if you could send me further information about details like how much money or what kind of clothes i'll have to take with me . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
gil sanchez
gil sanchez
dear kim , 
dear kim , 
sorry for not having written you in the last month . you know that i'm a little bit lazy , but the main reason for not writting you has been the accummulation of exams during this month . 
sorry for not having written to you in the last month . you know that i'm a little bit lazy , but the main reason for not writing to you has been the accumulation of exams during this month . 
do you remember that i had to help in a pop concert ? well the concert was friday night and i went there with the red cross volunteers , did you know i'm one of them ? 
do you remember that i had to help at a pop concert ? well the concert was friday night and i went there with the red cross volunteers . did you know i'm one of them ? 
there i got impressed of how a singer can cause such histerism in the teenagers . during the two hours of concert we had to attend thirty-six people , who became inconscious after being trapped in the first line by the other people . can you imagine ? thirty-six people in two hours ! if you have to help in a concert and you can avoid it . do it ! it's the best thing you can do in this case . 
there i was impressed by how a singer can cause such hysteria in teenagers . during the two-hour concert we had to attend to thirty-six people who became unconscious after being trapped in the first row by the other people . can you imagine ? thirty-six people in two hours ! if you have to help at a concert avoid it if you can . it's the best thing you can do in this case . 
well , i hope you won't be as lazy as me and you'll write soon . 
well , i hope you won't be as lazy as me and you'll write soon . 
lots of love . 
lots of love . 
gil sanchez
gil sanchez
dear mrs . ryan , 
dear mrs . ryan , 
i'm writing you replying to your letter asking for some more information about me , to give you all the information you need . 
i'm writing to you to reply to your letter asking for some more information about me , to give you all the information you need . 
first of all you asked when would i be able to travel . you ought to know that is possible to me to go there only in july because i'm going to work the whole august . 
first of all you asked when i would be able to travel . you ought to know that it is possible for me to go there only in july because i'm going to work the whole of august . 
answering the second question i would prefer my accomodation in log cabins . the reason is that , in my opinion , they are more comfortable , there's more space and in addition they are warmer . 
answering the second question , i would prefer my accommodation to be in log cabins . the reason is that , in my opinion , they are more comfortable , there's more space and in addition they are warmer . 
providing that you give me the chance to chose two activities i would love to do swimming and singing . i attend to swimming and singing classes twice a week so i'm really good at both . 
providing that you give me the chance to chose two activities , i would love to do swimming and singing . i attend swimming and singing classes twice a week so i'm really good at both . 
finally i would like to ask you about clothes and money . where will we be able to wash our clothes during the camp ? are we allowed to carry with all the money we wish to ? 
finally i would like to ask you about clothes and money . where will we be able to wash our clothes during the camp ? are we allowed to carry with us all the money we wish to ? 
don't hesitate to contact me for any more question . 
don't hesitate to contact me with any more questions . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
angeles . 
angeles 
nowadays shopping is considered one of the most usual and enjoyable activities , especially if you are a woman and you are out to buy clothes . at first sight it is , but shopping is not always enjoyable . 
nowadays shopping is considered one of the most usual and enjoyable activities , especially if you are a woman and you are out to buy clothes . at first sight it is , but shopping is not always enjoyable . 
basing my opinion on my experience i'm going to talk mostly about clothes shopping . there are some points that give me the reason . 
basing my opinion on my experience , i'm going to talk mostly about clothes shopping . there are some points that give me the reason . 
first of all , who is your companion ? if you take mum shopping the right day she has been all day doing housework , that will probably end in discussion . 
first of all , who is your companion ? if you take your mum shopping the right day , she has been doing housework all day , that will probably end in argument . 
in one hand , there's you . you are feeling sick , angry with your boyfriend . how do you pretend to see in a mirror that anything fits well on you ? 
on the one hand , there's you . you are feeling sick , or angry with your boyfriend . how can you pretend to see in a mirror that anything fits well you you well ? 
in the other , you have always to count on unfriendly shop assistants , no size for you or too high prices . 
on the other , you have always to count on unfriendly shop assistants , not having the size for you or too high prices . 
who would talk now about enjoyable shopping journeys ? i'm sure there would be plenty of people ready to do it . 
who would talk now about enjoyable shopping trips ? i'm sure there would be plenty of people ready to do it . 
dear mrs helen ryan:
dear mrs helen ryan:
i have just received your letter telling me i have won the first prize in your competition , and i am glad for it . i am writting to give the information you asked me and also i would like to required some information about the prize . 
i have just received your letter telling me i have won the first prize in your competition , and i am glad about it . i am writing to give the information you asked me for and also i would like to require request some information about the prize . 
first of all i would let you know i could travel only on july because it is the time that i have holidays from my school . furthermore i would like to choose for accomodation tents instead of cabins because i think could be more exciting and more contact with the enveiroment . 
first of all i want to let you know i could travel only in july because it is the month that i have holidays from my school . furthermore i would like to choose to stay in a tent instead of a cabin because i think it could be more exciting and could provide more contact with the environment . 
also i would like to response for the activities i had to choose from your list: i would prefer painting and photography because for the others sports i am not healthy at the moment , and i consider i used to do painting and photography very good at the school . 
also i would like to respond to your question about the activities i have to choose from your list: i would prefer painting and photography because for the other sports i am not healthy enough i am not healthy enough for the other sports at the moment , and i think i used to do painting and photography very well at school . 
finally i would like to ask if i need a special clothes and do i need money ? how much ? 
finally i would like to ask if i need any special clothes and do i need any money ? how much ? 
please if you require extra information do not hesitate to contact me . 
please , if you require extra information do not hesitate to contact me . 
yours faithfully
yours faithfully
dear kim: i am sorry , i haven't written you soon but i still excited for the experience i had helping will smith on the freeway the last month . anyway now i am going to tell you everything about it . 
dear kim: i am sorry , i haven't written to you sooner but i am still excited about the experience i had helping will smith on the freeway last month . anyway , now i am going to tell you everything about it . 
as you know i have always taken the freeway on sundays to go to my grandparents' house , but that sunday i was driving when suddenly i saw in the lay-by one excellent car . it was a jaguar with will smith on it , i stopped and i was going to ask if he needed some help and he said " of course " . 
as you know , i have always taken the freeway on sundays to go to my grandparents' house , but that sunday i was driving when suddenly i saw in the lay-by one excellent car . it was a jaguar with will smith in it . i stopped and i was going to ask if he needed some help and he said , " of course " . 
he had a puncture wheel and he didn't know how to repeared then i chanced the wheel and during this time he was asking me for my hobbies , studies , everything . he was really kind and friendly but really what i really most enjoyed of it , was when he invited me this night for a drink in the most luxury pub i have ever been . could you believe my luck ? 
he had a puncture and he didn't know how to repaired repair it . then i changed the tyre and during this time he was asking me about my hobbies , studies , everything . he was really kind and friendly but really what i really enjoyed most about it was when he invited me out that night for a drink at the most luxurious pub i have ever been to . can you believe my luck ? 
all right that's about all my news , then writte soon and tell me about you . 
all right that's about all my news , then writte soon and tell me about you . 
lots of love
lots of love
dear ms helen
dear ms helen
thank you very much for your letter letting me know that i have won your first prize . 
thank you very much for your letter letting me know that i have won your first prize . 
i am writting to you in order to give you some details you asked me for in your letter . 
i am writing to you in order to give you some details you asked me for in your letter . 
first of all , i need to tell you that it is only possible for me to travel in july , because i am going to move to spain in august . 
first of all , i need to tell you that it is only possible for me to travel in july , because i am going to move to spain in august . 
about my accommodation prefers , i would really like to be in a tent . everytime i travel around , i sleep in nice rooms with nice beds; that is why i think it is a good option to sleep in sleep-bags . 
about my accommodation preferences , i would really like to be in a tent . every time i travel around , i sleep in nice rooms with nice beds; that is why i think it is a good choice to sleep in sleeping bags . 
from the activities i can choose to do in these two weeks , i would enjoy playing basketball and climbing . i think it would be funny to play basketball after five years; and since i go out to the mountains once a month , i don't think i would have any problem with climbing . 
from the activities i can choose to do in these two weeks , i would enjoy playing basketball and climbing . i think it would be fun to play basketball after not playing for five years; and since i go out to the mountains once a month , i don't think i would have any problem with climbing . 
i would like to ask you some questions: could you tell me what kind of clothes would be addecuate for these two weeks ? how much money do you think i should bring with me ? 
i would like to ask you some questions: could you tell me what kind of clothes would be adequate suitable for these two weeks ? how much money do you think i should bring with me ? 
thank you once again for your attention and interest . 
thank you once again for your attention and interest . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
gloria ortega
gloria ortega
dear kim
dear kim
you are going to be jealous when you hear this . 
you are going to be jealous when you hear this . 
as i told you in my last letter , i worked two weeks ago in edinburgh helping at a pop concert . the pop group were all young people ( between 23 - 30 years old ) , and all of them were really nice . 
as i told you in my last letter , i worked two weeks ago in edinburgh helping at a pop concert . the pop stars were all young people ( between 23 - 30 years old ) , and all of them were really nice . 
our main tasks during those three days ( i worked with 10 other young people ) , consisted in carrying music instruments and loudspeakers , checking the lights and microphones , cleaning everything , . . . 
our main tasks during those three days ( i worked with 10 other young people ) consisted in carrying musical instruments and loudspeakers , checking the lights and microphones , cleaning everything , . . . 
the job was hard , but from my point of view , it was worthful . i have learned lots of things , earned some money for the summer , and the most important thing: i have had fun . 
the job was hard , but , from my point of view , it was worthwhile . i have learned lots of things , earned some money for the summer , and the most important thing: i have had fun . 
every five working hours , we had thirty-minutes break to eat something . we also had time to tell jokes and play with water balloons . 
every five working hours , we had thirty minutes' break to eat something . we also had time to tell jokes and play with water balloons . 
the most exhiting thing was when we removed all the stuff the day after the concert , and we went to the highlands to spend the whole day . that was fantactic ! if you have never been there , i enormous recemmend you to go . even i played the drums there ! 
the most exciting thing was when we removed all the stuff the day after the concert , and we went to the highlands to spend the whole day there . that was fantastic ! if you have never been there , i really recommend you to go . i even played the drums there ! 
i hope your exams are doing well , and you write me back when you finish them . 
i hope your exams are going well , and you write back when you finish them . 
lots of love
lots of love
dear helen ryan
dear helen ryan
i am shocked that i won first prize in this competition . it will be a great adventure to visit camp california . 
i am shocked that i won first prize in this competition . it will be a great adventure to visit camp california . 
i am writing to inform you that i would like to travel in july . the reason is that i am a full-time student on cracow university and i have many exams at the end of semester , which is in june . i hope that it is not a problem . 
i am writing to inform you that i would like to travel in july . the reason is that i am a full-time student at cracow university and i have many exams at the end of the semester , which is in june . i hope that it is not a problem . 
i would like you to know that i prefer a tent . i think it is much better than a log cabin . aspecially in the summer when tempereture and humidity are very high . 
i would like you to know that i prefer a tent . i think it is much better than a log cabin . especially in the summer when the temperature and humidity are very high . 
from the list of all activities i have choosen photography and golf . since secondary school i am very interested in taking pictures and i have a big experience in it . i have choosen golf because i have never played in this game . 
from the list of all the activities i have chosen photography and golf . since secondary school i have been very interested in taking pictures and i have broad experience of it . i have chosen golf because i have never played this game . 
please , send me any information of what should i take with me . should i bring my camera , warm clothes or any pocket money ? i am waiting for your reply . 
please , send me any information about what i should take with me . should i bring my camera , warm clothes or any pocket money ? i am waiting for your reply . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
rafael szymanski
rafael szymanski
dear kim
dear kim
thank you for your latest letter . it was really very nice . i know that you're waiting for any information about a concert . here it comes . . . 
thank you for your latest letter . it was really very nice . i know that you're waiting for any information about the concert . here it comes . . . 
my friend offered me a job as a member of techical staff on sting's concert . i love his music and i collect his albums so i was very happy that i helped his crew . 
my friend offered me a job as a member of the technical staff at sting's concert . i love his music and i collect his albums so i was very happy that i helped his crew . 
our job was to prepare the scene . we've built it using ready metal and wodden parts . it was really big and impressive . then we had to plug all electric instruments , speakers , lights and microphones . i was working with a specialist who had to connect all lights together to one computer and prepare a colorful show . it was a totally new experience for me and a real pleasure of working with professionalists . 
our job was to prepare the stage . we've built it using ready metal and wooden parts . it was really big and impressive . then we had to plug in all electric instruments , speakers , lights and microphones . i was working with a specialist who had to connect all the lights together to one computer and prepare a colourful show . it was a totally new experience for me and a real pleasure working with professionals . 
it was a hard and complicated job but we all had a lot of satisfaction during the concert . even mr. sting came to us to thank for our help . 
it was a hard and complicated job but we all had a lot of satisfaction during the concert . even mr. sting came to us to thank us for our help . 
i hope that you liked my story . send me your opinion about that . 
i hope that you liked my story . send me your opinion about that . 
i wish to see your letter soon
i hope to see your letter soon
rafael
rafael
dear mr. ryan
dear mr. ryan
i am writing in response to the letter , which i had yesterday . i am really pleased to win first prize in your competition , and , i am also pleased to give details , which you would like to know . 
i am writing in response to the letter , which i received yesterday . i am really pleased to win first prize in your competition , and , i am also pleased to give you the details which you would like to know . 
first of all , you asked about when i would like to travel . i am afraid that i am available to travel only on july . because i have to work all year except one month holiday on july . 
first of all , you asked about when i would like to travel . i am afraid that i am available to travel only in july , because i have to work all year except one month's holiday in july . 
secondly , i would be appreciate if i could stay in log cabins at camp . i feel that it would be fabulos places with western design . 
secondly , i would appreciate it if i could stay in log cabins at camp . i feel that they would be fabulous places with a western design . 
most of all , i am really interested in doing two activities . i am very good at tennis . however , i haven't had any idea about sailing . so , i would like to try both of them . 
most of all , i am really interested in doing two activities . i am very good at tennis . however , i haven't any idea about sailing . so , i would like to try both of them . 
lastly , i would be grateful if i could have following informations . 
lastly , i would be grateful if i could have the following information . 
i would like to know about clothes , which are suitable for activities . as well as that , i wonder if i have to take some money for extra activities and few more things . 
i would like to know about the clothes which are suitable for activities . as well as that , i wonder if i have to take some money for extra activities and a few more things ? 
thank you for time and attention . 
thank you for your time and attention . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
jae hwa . kim . 
jae hwa . kim . 
there was a meeting to talk about a video about daily life at our school . 
there was a meeting to talk about a video about daily life at our school . 
it was thought that a normal , regular lesson , 3 optional lessons and a great deal of activities should be filmed . 
it was thought that a normal , regular lesson , 3 optional lessons and a great deal of activities should be filmed . 
refering to optional lessons , it was recommended that speaking and listening , computer and business english are suitable for filming . i feel that these are what students really prefer to learn . 
referring to optional lessons , it was recommended that speaking and listening , computer and business english are suitable for filming . i feel that these are what students really prefer to learn . 
there seems to be a general opinion that sports , art and music activities such as tennis , football , orchestra , painting , photography should be included . it can show how much students are enjoying their life in our school . 
there seems to be a general opinion that sports , art and music activities such as tennis , football , orchestra , painting , and photography should be included . it can show how much students enjoy their life in our school . 
as well as that , if we filmed famous students and teachers in our school , it would be a fantastic video . 
as well as that , if we filmed famous students and teachers in our school , it would be a fantastic video . 
in my opinion , students can learn english from wide activities as well as lessons . that's why they prefer to film a lot of activities . 
in my opinion , students can learn english from wide activities as well as lessons . that's why they prefer to film a lot of activities . 
dear helen ryan , 
dear helen ryan , 
i am very happy to have won first prize in your competition . i am very interested in going to two weeks at camp california in the usa . i would like to travel on july , because it is the summer and the weather is sunny , moreover i am totally free during this month . 
i am very happy to have won first prize in your competition . i am very interested in spending two weeks at camp california in the usa . i would like to travel in july , because it is the summer and the weather is sunny , moreover i am totally free during this month . 
for the accommodation , i would prefer a log cabin , because i can not sleep in tent . 
regarding the accommodation , i would prefer a log cabin , because i cannot sleep in a tent . 
i like to do sports and i would like to do sailing and surfing for speed sensations . i am good in those two activities , because i go to the sea every weekend . 
i like to do sports and i would like to do sailing and surfing for speed sensations . i am good at those two activities , because i go to the sea every weekend . 
i would like to now more information about clothes . i think that weather is very hot and that the nights are not cold , but i do not know if i must take lot of pullovers . 
i would like to know have more information about clothes . i think that the weather is very hot and that the nights are not cold , but i do not know if i must take a lot of pullovers . 
best regards
best regards
henri
henri
" shopping is not always enjoyable " is a statement of men in general . women like to go to do shopping , but not alone and they want to motivate their husbands . men do not like shopping , because their women buy a lot of clothes and it is very expensive . moreover , men prefer to do sports , because the shopping loses a lot of time controry to women , because if they have a free time , they will go to do shopping . 
" shopping is not always enjoyable " is a statement made by men in general . women like to go shopping , but not alone and they want to motivate their husbands . men do not like shopping , because their women buy a lot of clothes and it is very expensive . moreover , men prefer to do sports , because shopping wastes a lot of time , which is contrary to the tastes of women , because if they have any free time , they will go shopping . 
i think that child does not like shopping because he often waits , and i prefer to play with these friends . he goes to do shopping only if he has not clothes . 
i think that a child does not like shopping because he often has to wait , and i prefer to play with friends like these . they go shopping only if they have not clothes haven't any clothes . 
to conclude , i think that " shopping is not always enjoyable " is a true statement , but not always for all people . 
to conclude , i think that " shopping is not always enjoyable " is a true statement , but not always for all people . 
dear misses helen ryan , 
dear mrs helen ryan , 
i'm surprised to read that i've won the first prize . so i would travel on july because i've got only there free time . i've got a lot of work and my boss didn't allowed me to leave my job any other time . 
i'm surprised to read that i've won the first prize . so i will travel in july because i've only got some then free time free time then . i've got a lot of work and my boss won't allow me to leave my work at any other time . 
i prefer to stay in a tent because it's more like a camp . and so i can i be better in touch with the nature . i'm happy to read that i will have the chance to do two activities there . i chose painting and photography . i like painting and i have talent , i could paint all the day . photography is a relaxing activity . you can photograph all kind of arts you want . i take very good photos ! 
i would prefer to stay in a tent because it's more like a camp . and so i can be closer to nature . i'm happy to read that i will have the chance to do two activities there . i choose painting and photography . i like painting and i have talent . i could paint all day . photography is a relaxing activity . you can photograph all kinds of arts you want . i take very good photos ! 
i would ask you about clothes and money . what kind of clothes should i bring with me ? and what about money ? do you pay for all ? and for food , drinks etc ? 
i must ask you about clothes and money . what kind of clothes should i bring with me ? and what about money ? do you pay for everything ? and for food , drinks etc ? 
i'm looking forward hearing news from you . 
i'm looking forward to hearing news from you . 
yours 
yours 
shopping is not always enjoyable
shopping is not always enjoyable
we people are often depressed or have stress . what are we doing then ? we go shopping . that makes often women feel better . they go out with friends or alone . but shopping is not always enjoyable . 
we people are often depressed or suffer from stress . what do we do then ? we go shopping . that often makes women feel better . they go out with friends or alone . but shopping is not always enjoyable . 
a friend of mine was depressed because her friend leave her . she phone me and asked me what about going shopping . i suggest and we went shopping . in the time we want to go out of a shop a man stopped us and hold a pistol in his hand . we were scared and so we did all what he told us . we were lucky that we are in life now . the police came and took hi to the jail ( police station ) . 
a friend of mine was depressed because her boyfriend leaves left her . she phones phoned me and asked me about going shopping . i agree agreed and we went shopping . just as we wanted to go out of a shop a man stopped us and holds held a pistol in his hand . we were scared and so we did everything that he told us to do . we are lucky that we are alive now . the police came and took him to the jail ( police station ) . 
you can't be carefull because you don't know what time it will happens . but you can be carefull when you speak with him or her that will stolen your thinks . 
you can't be careful because you don't know what time it will happen . but you can be careful when you speak with he or she who is stealing your things . 
dear mr. ryan , 
dear mr. ryan , 
thank you very much for your letter regarding my prize that i won in your competition . it was a very pleasant surprise to win a trip to california and i very much appreciate it . 
thank you very much for your letter regarding my prize that i won in your competition . it was a very pleasant surprise to win a trip to california and i very much appreciate it . 
i am writing this as a reply for you request to provide you with some information about my preferencies . 
i am writing this as a reply to your request to provide you with some information about my preferences . 
first off all i'll prefer to travel in july , because it is the only month i have free . i'll have to pass several exams in june , in august my family going to visit our relatives in austria . 
first of all i'd prefer to travel in july , because it is the only month i have free . i'll have to sit several exams in june . in august my family are going to visit our relatives in austria . 
i am not so keen about accomotation but would rather stay in tents than cabins . it is much more fun and you can really enjoy nature and a company of your friends . 
i am not so keen about the accommodation but would rather stay in tents than cabins . it is much more fun and you can really enjoy nature and the company of your friends . 
it is great i can do something i really like at the camp . i am really enjoying swimming . we live near the sea shore and swimming is the sport activitie i am really good in . far the best swimmer in my school . the other subject is photography . i like taking pictures and want to share my interest with the others . i am not a photographer but my family think that my photos are more then just good . 
it is great i can do something i really like at the camp . i really enjoy swimming . we live near the seashore and swimming is the sports activity i am really good at . i am by far the best swimmer in my school . the other subject is photography . i like taking pictures and want to share my interest with others . i am not a photographer but my family think that my photos are more than just good . 
finally i want to ask you some questions . what will be better to take with me , what i'll need at camp ? how much money should i take , will it be any guided tours ? and how many will be in camp in july ? 
finally i want to ask you some questions . what will be best to take with me , what will i need at camp ? how much money should i take ? will there be any guided tours ? and how many will be at the camp in july ? 
hope to hear from you soon . 
hope to hear from you soon . 
yours faithfully 
yours sincerely 
shopping is not always enjoyable . 
shopping is not always enjoyable . 
my best friend is crazy about shopping . she will prefer shopping to everything else . she thinks that it is the most pleasant spending of time , when you going from one shop to another , watching other people , looking at beautiful clothes , getting some fashionable ideas . somitimes i feel very sorry for her . it seems that going shopping is a sense of living . and it's so many people like her . lots of families planing a day out to go to a shopping center , and it is a normal routine for them - to spent the all day just shopping . not so many people thinking about going fishing or playing sport games with their families any more . they forgot how beautiful could be the countryside , and only tourists you can meet in the castles or museums . 
my best friend is crazy about shopping . she prefers shopping to everything else . she thinks that it is the most pleasant way of spending time , when you go from one shop to another , watching other people , looking at beautiful clothes , getting some fashionable ideas . sometimes i feel very sorry for her . it seems that going shopping is a reason for living . and there's there're so many people like her . lots of families planning plan a day out to go to a shopping centre , and it is a normal routine for them - to spend all day just shopping . not so many people think about going fishing or playing games with their families any more . they have forgotten how beautiful can be the countryside the countryside can be , and you can only meet tourists in the castles or museums . 
people are normally angry after shopping - because it is so easy to get tied . people are not smiling to each other , not talking to each other at the shops . they look like a robotes who have to do their duties - to buy . 
people are normally angry after shopping - because it is so easy to get tired . people do not smile at each other , do not talk to each other at the shops . they look like robots who have to do their duty - to buy . 
in my opinion shopping is just to cover our basic needs . shops are not for spending our lifes in them . try to give up shopping one day and try to spend your day with friends going to play something together . it feels much more better . you'll have happy memories and a good mood . 
in my opinion shopping is just something to cover our basic needs . shops are not for spending our lives in them . try to give up shopping one day and try to spend your day with friends , going to do something together . it feels much better . you'll have happy memories and be in a good mood . 
dear ms ryan
dear ms ryan
i'm so happy to received your letter , and i want to tell you the information you need . i would like the travel start only july if possible , because this is my hoilday start , at the camp california i would like my accommodation in tents , because i work in army and in the camp i usually stay in tent at night , so i will feel more comfortable . in those activities i would like to choose swimming and climbing for my activities in camp , this two activities i usually do in the army camp , i know how to climb up on rachiat outside and help other people to climp up . swimming i'm teach people in army . and i have a question to ask ? in the camp do i need any money to bring with and what kind of clothes i have to wear and take ? 
i'm so happy to receive your letter , and i want to give you the information you need . i would like the trip to start in july if possible . because this is my holiday holiday start at the camp california , i would like my accommodation in a tent , because i work in the army and on the camp i usually stay in a tent at night , so i will feel more comfortable . regarding the activities i would like to choose swimming and climbing for my activities at the camp ; these two activities i usually do i usually do these two activities on the army camp . i know how to climb up on rachiat outside and help other people to climb up . i teach people to swim in the army . and i have a question to ask ? on the camp do i need any money do i need any money on the camp and what kind of clothes do i have to wear ? 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
to make a daily life video in school , we should concentrat on the most things we do in a school , the most thing we do in a school is haveing lesson , it is a very useful parts of this video and is the main subject . the lessons we take in the video , should be the main subject we study . in the video i think we should take part to talk about , what we doing in feel time and study period . this is another important part of our school life , and we should make a section to talk about lunch and where are the people go to eat their lunch or what they do ? after we talk about lunch , we should take about activities we are doing and the systems about the activities in school or outside school and make a little section of the school term , and what kind of sport the people like the most . at the end of the video , we should find one or two studen sit together and ask them a few question of how do they feel to study in the school ? this is the suggestion to making a daily life video in school . 
to make a daily life video in school , we should concentrate on the things we do most in a school . the thing we do most in a school is having have lessons . it will be a very useful part of this video and should be the main subject . the lessons we include in the video should be the main subject we study . in the video i think we should take time to talk about what we do in our free time and study periods . this is another important part of our school life , and we should include a section about lunch and where are the people go to eat their lunch or what they do ? after we talk about lunch , we should talk about the activities we are doing and the systems about the activities in school or outside school and have a little section about the school term , and what kind of sport the people like the most . at the end of the video , we should find one or two student students sit together and ask them a few questions about how they feel about studying at the school ? this is the suggestion to making a daily life video in school . 
dear helen ryan , 
dear helen ryan , 
i am writing to reply your letter saying that i have won the competition , which i can't believe . i am so excited by the news . 
i am writing to reply to your letter saying that i have won the competition , which i can't believe . i am so excited by the news . 
i think i can take this opportunity in july because i run my shop all year round except three weeks in july . 
i think i can take this opportunity in july because i run my shop all year round except three weeks in july . 
i would like to have accommodation in log cabins as i find sleeping in tents very uncomfortable thought it may be a new experience . 
i would like to have accommodation in log cabins as i find sleeping in tents very uncomfortable though it may be a new experience . 
it would be nice to have a chance to try new sport when we are relaxed . i'd like to try golf because i'm not good at any other sports . besides golf , taking wonderful photographs of sceneries has been my dream , even though i am a beginner . 
it would be nice to have a chance to try a new sport when we are relaxed . i'd like to try golf because i'm not good at any other sports . besides golf , taking wonderful photographs of scenery has been my dream , even though i am a beginner . 
i'd like to ask about what clothes we need , what the weather is like and whether we need some spending money or not . 
i'd like to ask about what clothes we need , what the weather is like and whether we need some spending money or not . 
i'm looking forward to going on this fantastic holiday . 
i'm looking forward to going on this fantastic holiday . 
yours sincerely . 
yours sincerely . 
dear kim , 
dear kim , 
how are you ? i know you have been waiting for my letter . but as you know , i have been so busy that i couldn't write earlier . 
how are you ? i know you have been waiting for my letter . but as you know , i have been so busy that i couldn't write earlier . 
actually i didn't use to enjoy pop music much . my classmate cecilia persuaded me to try whole new experience of helping at a pop concert . i thought it would be the last thing i wanted , but it wasn't . i've really enjoyed this opportunity . we delivered so many fantastic and gorgeous costumes which had been designed exclusively by top designers . we also helped to make posters and leaflets , which i enjoyed most as i always like drawing and designing . 
actually i didn't use to enjoy pop music much . my classmate cecilia persuaded me to try the whole new experience of helping at a pop concert . i thought it would be the last thing i wanted , but it wasn't . i've really enjoyed this opportunity . we delivered so many fantastic and gorgeous costumes which had been designed exclusively by top designers . we also helped to make posters and leaflets , which i enjoyed most as i always like drawing and designing . 
the most difficult work was to arrange coach trip to the concert hall as there were many audience from countryside . it was too complicated . but the rest of the preparation was so good . i've realised pop stars are just like us , down to earth . they were so kind and modest . do you know what i liked most from this experience ? i've found pop music so wonderful , it changed my idea of that classic music is always best . of course , i've enjoyed being around famous singers , too . 
the most difficult work was to arrange the coach trip to the concert hall as there were many people from the countryside . it was too complicated . but the rest of the preparation was so good . i've realised pop stars are just like us , down to earth . they were so kind and modest . do you know what i liked most about this experience ? i found pop music so wonderful , it changed my opinion that classical music is always best . of course , i've enjoyed being around famous singers , too . 
love
love
dear , helen ryan
dear helen ryan
thank you very much for the prize at camp california in america . 
thank you very much for the prize from camp california in america . 
for the time that i would like to travel must be on july only . this is because my a-levels exams is coming up so i really need times to revise , and july is the only month and time that i am free . 
regarding the time that i would like to travel , it must be in july only . this is because my a-level exams are coming up so i really need time to revise , and july is the only month that i am free . 
an accommodation , i prefer to stay in a tent . this is because it is my first time to see an outside world by myself so i need to gather up new experiences . i have never ever stayed in a tent before but some of the people i know said that it is fun and much more exiting . 
as to accommodation , i would prefer to stay in a tent . this is because it is my first chance to see the outside world by myself so i need to gather up new experiences . i have never ever stayed in a tent before but some of the people i know said that it is fun and much more exciting . 
as i am a person who is love and doing activities , so i would like to choose to do sailing and photography . once i used to take a photography course at my school and my teacher taught me well about taking photo . also i tried how to sail before , but i am not perfectly good at it , but i love to sail more . 
as i am a person who loves doing activities , i would like to choose to do sailing and photography . i used to take a photography course at my school and my teacher taught me well about taking photos . also i have tried to sail before , but i am not perfectly good at it , but i would love to sail more . 
finally , i would like to ask about what kind of clothes do i need to bring ? and the money , do i need much of them ? please , give me a suggestion about these . 
finally , i would like to ask about what kind of clothes i need to bring . and about money , do i need much of it ? please , give me some advice about these things . 
your faithfully
yours faithfully
dear , kim
dear kim
how are you ? i have written to you to tell you about the greatest experience that i ever have . 
how are you ? i have written to you to tell you about the greatest experience that i have ever had . 
last week i offered myself to help the others at the concert and it was amazing . i couldn't believed how close i was to the band . there were so many youngsters at the concert , but because i was the youngest in a helping team so i guess that i was the luckiest at that moment . 
last week i offered to help the others at the concert and it was amazing . i couldn't believe how close i was to the band . there were so many youngsters at the concert , but because i was the youngest in the helping team i guess that i was the luckiest at that moment . 
a concert did very well and i enjoyed it so much . later on the band took a break for ten or fifteen minutes , so i served them with glasses of fizzy drink and chocolate bars , biscuits and sandwiches . you will not believe how close i was to the singers . 
the concert went very well and i enjoyed it so much . later on the band took a break for ten or fifteen minutes , so i served them with glasses of fizzy drink and chocolate bars , biscuits and sandwiches . you will not believe how close i was to the singers . 
after a break , the bank have to carried on the concert for another one hour and a half . people at the backstage including me were helping to clean up all the stuff and ready for the end of the concert . 
after the break , the band had to carry on with the concert for another hour and a half . people backstage , including me , were helping to clean up all the stuff and ready for the end of the concert . 
the time has come , when the band finished the concert , we have to served them drinks again and helped to clear up the stage . afterwards , i have a chance to took photos with them and have their autographs etc . 
when the band finished the concert , we had to serve them drinks again and help to clean the stage . afterwards , i had a chance to have photos taken with them and get their autographs etc . 
it was the enjoyable time in my life and wished that you were there with me . from this letter , i am sure that you should be able to share this experience with me . 
it was an enjoyable time in my life and i wished that you were there with me . through this letter , i am sure that you will be able to share this experience with me . 
lots of love
lots of love
dear mrs ryan 
dear mrs ryan , 
many thanks for your letter . 
many thanks for your letter . 
i would like to travel in july because i have got summer holidays from july to august and i work as a bank clerk in august . i think a tent would suit my personal life-style better than a log cabin because i love the nature . 
i would like to travel in july because i have got my summer holidays from july to august and i work as a bank clerk in august . i think a tent would suit my personal lifestyle better than a log cabin because i love nature . 
i would like to play basketball during my holidays at camp california because i love this game . i have been playing basketball for 8 years and today i am a member of an austrian basketball-team . but i have never played golf in my life but with your help i would be able to learn how to play golf and i think this could be very interesting . 
i would like to play basketball during my holidays at camp california because i love this game . i have been playing basketball for 8 years and today i am a member of an austrian basketball team . but i have never played golf in my life though with your help i would be able to learn how to play golf and i think this could be very interesting . 
i also would like to know how much money i will get from you for those two weeks because i would like to spend some money for clothes . 
i would also like to know how much money i will get from you for these two weeks because i would like to spend some money on clothes . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you soon . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you soon . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
dear kim
dear kim
last month i enjoyed helping at a pop concert and i think you want to hear some funny stories about the experience i made . 
last month i enjoyed helping at a pop concert and i think you want to hear some funny stories about the experiences i had . 
at first i had to clean the three private rooms of the stars . this was very boring but after i left the third room i met brunner and brunner . these two people are stars in our country . . . o . k . i am just kiding . i don't like the songs of brunner and brunner because this kind of music is very boring . 
at first i had to clean the three private rooms of the stars . this was very boring but after i left the third room i met brunner and brunner . these two people are stars in our country . . . o . k . i am just kidding . i don't like brunner and brunner's songs because this kind of music is very boring . 
i also had to clean the washing rooms . i will never ever help anybody to organice a pop concert . 
i also had to clean the washrooms . i will never ever help anybody to organise a pop concert again . 
but after this serville work i met eminem . i think you know his popular songs like " my name is " . it was one of the greatest moments in my life . i had to bring him something to eat . 
but after this servile work i met eminem . i think you know his popular songs like " my name is " . it was one of the greatest moments in my life . i had to take him something to eat . 
it was a hard but also a funny work . you should try to called some experience during such a concert you would not regret it . 
it was hard but also fun work . you should try to call get some experience at such a concert . you would not regret it . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you soon . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you soon . 
dear helen ryan , 
dear helen ryan , 
i have just read your letter and it would be grateful if you could give me more information about the two weeks at camp california in the usa . 
i have just read your letter and would be grateful if you could give me more information about the two weeks at camp california in the usa . 
i am a nineteen year old gild who is still attending classes at saint john's school . for the past four years i have been playing tennis and i have also done some courses about painting . 
i am a nineteen-year-old girl who is still attending classes at saint john's school . for the past four years i have been playing tennis and i have also done some courses in painting . 
i would appreciate if i could travel on july because my school gives me two winter holiday's week . as far as accommodation is concern , i prefer staying in a long cabin . i believe it is better than a tent because this one would not shelter enough . as i said before , i have been playing tennis for four years . i consider myself to be good at this sport . as regarding painting , i know a lot since my grandmother taugh me when i was five years old . 
i would appreciate it if i could travel in july because my school gives me two summer holiday weeks weeks' weeks' summer holiday . as far as accommodation is concerned , i prefer staying in a log cabin . i believe it is better than a tent because that would not provide enough shelter . as i said before , i have been playing tennis for four years . i consider myself to be good at this sport . as regards painting , i know a lot about it since my grandmother taught me when i was five years old . 
it would be very kind of you to let me know about the clothes you think it would be necessary for me to take and how much money i will need . 
it would be very kind of you to let me know about the clothes you think it will be necessary for me to take and how much money i will need . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
dear kim , 
dear kim , 
i'm sorry i haven't written to you before but i have been very busy helping at mano''s concert . 
i'm sorry i haven't written to you before but i have been very busy helping at mano's concert . 
do you remember when i told you that my dream was helping mano''s group ? well , my dream come true . all started when i was in drama club and my singing teacher told me that mano''s group were going to have a concert here , in argentina . she also told me that she have some conections with the people in charge of the lights of the concert . you know that last year i organise the lights in our performance . so , there i was , controling the illumination in mano's concert ! ! ! ! 
do you remember when i told you that my dream was to help mano's group ? well , my dream came true . it all started when i was at drama club and my singing teacher told me that mano's group were going to have a concert here , in argentina . she also told me that she has some connections with the people in charge of the lights at the concert . you know that last year i organised the lights at our performance . so , there i was , controlling the illumination of mano's concert ! ! ! ! 
i will never forget that wonderful experience . this really help me for our next performance in the drama club . it was so exciting to see the mano' group singer that i felt as if i were in heaven ! ! 
i will never forget that wonderful experience . it has really helped me for our next performance at the drama club . it was so exciting to see mano's singer that i felt as if i were in heaven ! ! 
please write me as soon as you can . 
please write to me as soon as you can . 
best wishes , 
best wishes , 
i am writing to thank for the letter with the result of the competition and also to ask some questions . 
i am writing to thank you for the letter with the result of the competition and also to ask some questions . 
firstly , i would like to inform that i prefer travelling in july to travelling in another month . the reason for it , is that , july is the only month in which , i am on holidays so i will not have to miss any classes . next , i would prefer stay in tents rather than stay in log cabins because i appreciate having straight contact with nature . therefore , i have chosen climbing and swimming as the two activities on which i am good at . i can say i am good at swimming , because in the club i used to be the first in all the competitions and climbing i used to climb trees , walls everything in my childhood without falling . 
firstly , i would like to inform you that i prefer travelling in july to travelling in any other month . the reason for this is that july is the only month in which i am on holiday so i will not have to miss any classes . next , i would prefer to stay in a tent rather than stay in a log cabin because i appreciate having close contact with nature . therefore , i have chosen climbing and swimming as the two activities which i am good at . i can say i am good at swimming , because in the club i used to be first in all the competitions and as for climbing i used to climb trees , walls , everything in my childhood without falling . 
since i am going to travel i would like to know how much money would be adviseable to take and what kind of clothe i should take . 
since i am going to travel i would like to know how much money would it it would be advisable to take and what kind of clothing i should take . 
i look forward an answer from you . 
i look forward to an answer from you . 
yours faithfully
yours faithfully
adriana
adriana
i am just writing to tell you about my experience about helping at a pop concert . 
i am just writing to tell you about my experience helping at a pop concert . 
wonderful , breathtaking , fabulous , these are some adjectives to describe just a little bit how my experience was . starting with good points , i could say that you can talk face to face with the pop stars . moreover , you have the unique opportunity to take pictures with them , to have their names written , on your notebook by themselves . despite of being tiring , it was rewarding because i noticed that all the singers are ordinary people who want to see their fans happy and satisfied and that is true i experienced that . another thing is that they pay you for you job and it is a good money . don't worry because you don't pay your ticket it is " free " . from my point of view , there were not disadvantages . 
wonderful , breathtaking , fabulous , these are some adjectives to describe just a little bit how my experience was . starting with good points , i could say that you could talk face-to-face with the pop stars . moreover , you had the unique opportunity to have your picture taken with them , to have their names written on your notebook by them . despite being tiring , it was rewarding because i noticed that all the singers are ordinary people who want to see their fans happy and satisfied and it is true i experienced that . another thing is that they pay you for your work and it is good money . don't worry because you don't pay for your ticket , it is " free " . from my point of view , there were no disadvantages . 
kim , summing up it was the most interesting experience that i have ever had . i'm looking forward to hearing from you . 
kim , summing up , it was the most interesting experience that i have ever had . i'm looking forward to hearing from you . 
lots of love
lots of love
xxxxx
xxxxx
adriana
adriana
dear sir/madam
dear sir/madam
i am glad to hear from you recently and i really appreciate your invitation to california . 
i was glad to hear from you recently and i really appreciate your invitation to california . 
i would like to tell you about my preference . 
i would like to tell you about my preference . 
to start with i would rather stay in a log cabin because two weeks might be too long to stay in a tent and a log cabin would be more convenient for me . 
to start with , i would rather stay in a log cabin because two weeks might be too long to stay in a tent and a log cabin would be more convenient for me . 
when it comes to activities , i would like to try climbing and surfing . i started surfing when i was 12 . so i am quite confident with this . although i had a few experiences of climbing , my everyday training at gym would retrieve my concerning . in addition to these reasons , both activities are popular especially in california . 
when it comes to activities , i would like to try climbing and surfing . i started surfing when i was 12 . so i am quite confident at this . although i had a few experiences of climbing , my everyday training at gym would retrieve my concerning . in addition to these reasons , both activities are popular , especially in california . 
and i also have to ask you what kinds of clothes will be suitable there . or approximately how much money would be enough to buy surveniers because this will be first time for me to visit carifolnia . 
and i also have to ask you what kinds of clothes will be suitable there . or approximately how much money would be enough to buy souvenirs because this will be the first time for me visiting california . 
finaly , i must choose traveling there in july because i am not allowed to take holidays in other months due to my work . 
finally , i must choose travelling there in july because i am not allowed to take holidays in other months due to my work . 
thank you very much for your time and i am looking forward to visiting there . 
thank you very much for your time and i am looking forward to visiting there . 
yours faithfully , 
yours faithfully , 
needless to say , shopping can cause you a waste of time and money . however some people might be opposed to this general understanding because they believe that they can find shopping enjoyable . those who love shopping are usually suffer from serious stress and may seek out satisfaction by shopping . 
needless to say , shopping can cause you a waste of time and money . however , some people might be opposed to this general understanding because they believe that they can find shopping enjoyable . those who love shopping usually suffer from serious stress and may seek out satisfaction by shopping . 
however , things which you can get by money necessarily fill your unsatisfaction or even as you buy something more and more , your emptiness might be bigger . 
however , things which you can get with money do not necessarily fill your dissatisfaction or even as you buy something more and more , your emptiness might be greater . 
and shopping is also a difficult hobby to go along with your friends or your pertners . what you want is often different from what your friend wants . unless either you or your partner is really tolerant , shopping could result in another stress . so it is advisable not to make a friend whose hobby is shopping . 
and shopping is also a difficult hobby to go along with your friends or your partners . what you want is often different from what your friend wants . unless either you or your partner is really tolerant , shopping could result in another stress . so it is advisable not to make a friend whose hobby is shopping . 
in addition to these , everyone has regretted buying unnecessary things and those things would remind you how silly decision you had done at the moment . 
in addition to these , everyone has regretted buying unnecessary things and those things would remind you what a silly decision you had made at that moment . 
on the whole , shopping can be harmful rather than enjoyable because you migh be extravacant , lose your friends and have what you don't need . 
on the whole , shopping can be harmful rather than enjoyable because you might be extravagant , lose your friends and have what you don't need . 
12 barcicka str . 
12 barcicka str . 
45-139 warsaw
45-139 warsaw
13 july 2000
13 july 2000
dear ms ryan
dear ms ryan
i am writing in reply to your letter i received yestarday . 
i am writing in reply to your letter i received yesterday . 
i am very proud that i won first prize in your competition and i am extremely happy to spend two weeks at camp california in the u . s . a . 
i am very proud that i won first prize in your competition and i am extremely happy to spend two weeks at camp california in the u . s . a . 
at the beginning i would like to answer questions you asked me in your letter . 
at the beginning i would like to answer the questions you asked me in your letter . 
the most appropriate month for me to travel is july because my boss promised to give me this month off ( i am in charge of project which starts in june so i am sure i couldn't go later ) . 
the most suitable month for me to travel is july because my boss promised to give me this month off ( i am in charge of a project which starts in june so i am sure i couldn't go later ) . 
'as i have a choise i would prefer to stay in log cabins to tents because they seem to be more comfortable and you are not so depended on weather conditions . as i was requested i should choose two activities from the list . so i decided to choose climbing and photography . these two are easy to connect , i could climb and make pictures at the same time . i am very keen on photography . last year i took part in photograher's contest and i won a second prize in poland in cathegory of , , beautiful scenery'' . climbing , in contrast , is something i started few months ago , so i have not gained any success in this sport . but you could give me a chance to get more familier with it . i would like to ask about clothes . do i need any formal ones ? i would like also to know what the cost of spending two weeks in the u . s . a . is . 
'as i have a choice i would prefer to stay in log cabins rather than tents because they seem to be more comfortable and you are not so dependent on weather conditions . as i was requested i should choose two activities from the list . so i decided to choose climbing and photography . these two are easy to connect , i could climb and make pictures at the same time . i am very keen on photography . last year i took part in a photographer's contest and i won a second prize in poland in the category of , , beautiful scenery'' . climbing , in contrast , is something i started a few months ago , so i have not gained any success in this sport . but you could give me a chance to get more familiar with it . i would like to ask about clothes . do i need any formal ones ? i would also like to know what the cost of spending two weeks in the u . s . a . is . 
i want to thank you ones more for taking me into consideration in your competition . 
i want to thank you once more for taking me into consideration in your competition . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
juliana piotrowska
juliana piotrowska
have you ever been to a big supermarket and tried to find something you really like or want , looking throug shelves and not finding that in the end . what did you feel ? you had to be disappointed . 
have you ever been to a big supermarket and tried to find something you really like or want , looking through shelves and not finding that in the end . what did you feel ? you had to be disappointed . 
there is a lot of situations which could make you feel similar while you do shopping . you might spend too much money and buy something you don't really need . you could also buy something which later turns out to be out of order . so you have to complain about it . very often a shop assistant is not helpful so you lose your money and your time . 
there are a lot of situations which could make you feel similar while you do shopping . you might spend too much money and buy something you don't really need . you could also buy something which later turns out to be broken . so you have to complain about it . very often a shop assistant is not helpful so you lose your money and your time . 
moreover , you could face an agressive and maybe even drunk shop assistant or manager . this leads to an escalation of your anger . 
moreover , you could face an aggressive and maybe even drunk shop assistant or manager . this leads to an escalation of your anger . 
sometimes you could find a bargain . you are happy to buy a dress or a suit for a good price . but at home you noticed that there is a tear on sleeve . and you couldn't of course give it back because the price was lowered and your dress is not under guarantee . 
sometimes you could find a bargain . you are happy to buy a dress or a suit for a good price . but at home you notice that there is a tear on the sleeve . and you couldn't of course take it back because the price was lowered and your dress is not under guarantee . 
you could also face an unpleasant situation connected with money . somebody could give you not enough change . how would you feel ? deceived ? 
you could also face an unpleasant situation connected with money . somebody could give you not enough change . how would you feel ? deceived ? 
so if you don't want to feel deceived or offended , think twice before you decide to go shopping . 
so if you don't want to feel deceived or offended , think twice before you decide to go shopping . 
( a very depressing point of view , isn't it ? ) 
( a very depressing point of view , isn't it ? ) 
dear mrs ryan , 
dear mrs ryan , 
thank you a lot for your letter , i am very happy of having won the competition . i have several precisions to tell you and some questions about the camp . 
thank you very much for your letter . i am very happy about having won the competition . i have several things to tell you and some questions about the camp . 
first , i would like to travel in july because it is the only free month i have in the summer . i have exams in june and a work in august . then , about accommodation , i would prefer a tent because i am used to . i have already been in different summer camps and i always choose this accommodation , i find it more friendly than a log cabin . 
first , i would like to travel in july because it is the only free month i have in the summer . i have exams in june and a job in august . then , about accommodation , i would prefer a tent because i am used to it . i have already been to other summer camps and i always choose this accommodation . i find it more sociable than a log cabin . 
i have chosen between the activities proposed to do photography , i have already been part of a photography club so i am experienced . i also would like to practice climbing but i have never done it before . 
i have chosen from the activities offered to do photography . i have already been a member of a photography club so i am experienced . i also would like to practise do climbing but i have never done it before . 
finally , i would like to know what sort of clothes do advise me to bring to be at ease during my activities and as nearly everything is already paid , do i need to take a lot of money with me ? 
finally , i would like to know what sort of clothes do you advise me to bring to be comfortable during my activities and , as nearly everything is already paid for , do i need to take a lot of money with me ? 
thank you a lot for all these details . 
thank you very much for all these details . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
jasmine martin
jasmine martin
dear kim , 
dear kim , 
i have a lot of different things to tell you about what happened at the concert . it was really an amazing experience . 
i have a lot of different things to tell you about what happened at the concert . it was really an amazing experience . 
first , i had to spend all the day before the concert in the field where it took place , i had to prepare a little the stage but as i was not a profesional , i did not do much with the instruments . i tried to play the drums but i was expelled from the stage by a member of the group who was in a bad mood . 
first , i had to spend all of the day before the concert in the field where it was to take place . i had to prepare the stage a little but , as i was not a profesional , i did not do much with the instruments . i tried to play the drums but i was thrown off the stage by a member of the group who was in a bad mood . 
i prepared sandwiches for all the staff during the major part of the afternoon and then i sold tickets to the viewers all the evening . i was very tired but when the concert began i felt excited because there were so many people dancing and singing in front of the stage . 
i made sandwiches for all the staff for a major part of the afternoon and then i sold tickets to the audience all evening . i was very tired but when the concert began i felt excited because there were so many people dancing and singing in front of the stage . 
as i was a volunteer i did not have to pay to look at the concert and after it i spent the rest of the night with the members of the group . that was the best . 
as i was a volunteer i did not have to pay to watch the concert and after it i spent the rest of the night with the members of the group . that was the best . 
looking forward to hearing from you . 
looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours , 
yours , 
brenda
brenda
dear helen ryan
dear helen ryan
as you mentioned that i have won the competition - two weeks at camp california in the u . s . a . therefore here is the information that you require . 
as you mentioned that i have won the competition - two weeks at camp california in the u . s . a . - here is the information that you require . 
i can travel only in july because during this month i am free to go anywhere , actually it is my summer holiday . 
i can travel only in july because during this month i am free to go anywhere . actually it is my summer holiday . 
apart from that i wouldn't mind at all whether to stay in tents or log cabins but if i have to choose between these two i'd prefer to stay in tents because it gives me a nice feeling and relaxation , it is very unusal for me to stay in log cabins while you are camping . 
apart from that i wouldn't mind at all whether i stay in tents or log cabins but if i have to choose between these two i'd prefer to stay in tents because they give me a nice feeling of relaxation . it is very unusual to stay in log cabins while you are camping . 
the activities that i'd like to do: first one it would be basketball and to be honest i can play it very well due to i used to be a basketball player in my high school . second activity it would be tennis , i am not the expert in this one because i've played it only twice but i know how to hit the ball and basic stuff like ; serve the ball , back hand and fore hand to hit the ball . 
the activities that i'd like to do: first the first one would be basketball and to be honest i can play it very well because i used to be a basketball player in my high school . the second ; the second activity would be tennis . i am not an expert at this because i've played it only twice but i know how to hit the ball and basic stuff like that ; serving the ball , backhand and forehand to hit the ball . 
finally i have something to ask you about how many people can stay in one tents ? do i have to bring swimming suit if i want to swim in the camp ? how much money do i need and what else do i need to pay ? 
finally i have something to ask you about how many people can stay in one tent . do i have to bring swimming trunks if i want to swim at the camp ? how much money do i need and what else do i need to pay for ? 
this information should enough for you but if you'd like to know more about anything please ask me and do not hesitate . 
this information should be enough for you but if you'd like to know more about anything please ask me and do not hesitate . 
i'm looking forward to it and i hope seeing you during this summer . 
i'm looking forward to it and i hope to see you this summer . 
your sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
sometime when you ask your friend especially girls . what would you like to after the class or during the weekend ? the typical answer would be 'i'm going to shop because i like it even windows shopping would be fine' . however , for me shopping is not always enjoyable . why ? first of all , it's wasting my time especially when i can't find the thing i want , this is very frustrating . in addition , it's so tiring to walk around the place over and over to find the thing you want . apart from that , it's quite annoying when you have to compare or to survey the price in order to buy the cheapest one , if possible . once you've got all your shopping list , you also have to carry all the bags that you just bought which is very heavy sometime . 
sometimes when you ask your friend , especially girls , " what would you like to do after the class or during the weekend ? " the typical answer would be 'i'm going to the shop because i like it , even window shopping would be fine' . however , for me shopping is not always enjoyable . why ? first of all , it wastes my time , especially when i can't find the thing i want . this is very frustrating . in addition , it's so tiring to walk around the place over and over to find the thing you want . apart from that , it's quite annoying when you have to compare or to survey the price in order to buy the cheapest one , if possible . once you've got everything on your shopping list , you also have to carry all the bags that you just bought , which are very heavy sometimes . 
however shopping is not a bad thing , only if you plan it carefully what to buy , where to go , how much money you will spend on ? 
however , shopping is not a bad thing if you plan carefully what to buy , where to go , how much money you will spend ? 
dear the competition organiser ( helen ryan ) 
dear competition organiser ( helen ryan ) 
i'm as happy to heard that i have won the first prize . here is the information you want from me . firstly , i can only go in july . because i'm in the holiday that moment . i think i would prefer the accommodation at camp california is in tents . because it is more safety , and i don't like to be in the log cabins . 
i'm happy to hear that i have won the first prize . here is the information you want from me . firstly , i can only go in july , because i'm on holiday at that time . i think i would prefer the accommodation at camp california is in tents , because it is more safe , and i wouldn't like to be in the log cabins . 
the activities are quite hard to choose really , because you have a lot of chose which is i like . but i think i will choose basketball and photography , because basketball is the only sport i can play well . photography is a very interesting activitie , and is not too hard to do too . 
the activities are quite hard to choose really , because you have a lot of choice choices which i like . but i think i will choose basketball and photography , because basketball is the only sport i can play well . photography is a very interesting activity , and is not too hard to do either . 
here have some questions which i would like to ask , what kind of clothes sould i need ? how much did i need for the camp ? 
here i have some questions which i would like to ask . what kind of clothes should will i need ? how much do i need for the camp ? 
finally i hope the information i've gave are useful for you , and hope you can answers my questions a . s . a . p . 
finally , i hope the information i've given is useful for you , and hope you can answer my questions a . s . a . p . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
shopping is not always enjoyable
shopping is not always enjoyable
shopping , for most the people it is very important because you need to get the stuff you need or you want . for some people it may be a method to relax themselves , after you have been to work or school . so it is a thing you will enjoy most of the time , but still have something you will not enjoy it . it depends on what is the place and the aim you are shopping . for example some people always shopping to get food or stuff the need in everyday life , they won't enjoy this kind of shopping , because it is not getting what they want . the place where you are shopping also very important . for example in hk all the areas have lots of people it won't let you feel good of the noise and times when you are shopping . because have too many people it make you want to stay home won't enjoy shopping . 
shopping is very important for most people because you need to get the stuff you need or you want . for some people it may be a way to relax , after you have been to work or school . so it is a thing you will enjoy most of the time , but still have something you will not enjoy it . it depends on what is the place and the aim you are shopping . for example , some people always shop to get food or stuff they need in everyday life . they won't enjoy this kind of shopping , because it is not getting what they want . the place where you are shopping is also very important . for example , in hk all the areas have lots of people it won't let you feel good of the noise and times when you are shopping , because there are too many people it makes you want to stay home and you won't enjoy shopping . 
after i've written this composition , i think that you will enjoy shopping most of the time , but still have sometimes you won't . 
now i've written this composition , i think that you will enjoy shopping most of the time , but still find sometimes you won't . 
dear mrs . ryan , 
dear mrs . ryan , 
i am writing as a reply to your letter , congratulating me to the winning of the first prize in your competition and inviting me to the camp california in the u . s . a . i was delighted to hear from you and am already looking forward to spend two weeks in california . 
i am writing in reply to your letter congratulating me for winning the first prize in your competition and inviting me to camp california in the u . s . a . i was delighted to hear from you and am already looking forward to spending two weeks in california . 
i am afraid that the only possible time for me to travel is in july because it is the only month i am able to get time off work . as an accomodation i would prefer sleeping in a tent because i enjoy the closeness to the nature while camping a lot . 
i am afraid that the only possible time for me to travel is in july because it is the only month i am able to get time off work . regarding accommodation i would prefer sleeping in a tent because i enjoy the closeness to nature while camping a lot . 
the two activities that i would like to do at the camp are sailing , which i have never done before and tennis which i already play quite well . 
the two activities that i would like to do at the camp are sailing , which i have never done before and tennis which i already play quite well . 
i need to know how much money you would advise me to bring and what sort of clothes i should take with me . 
i need to know how much money you would advise me to bring and what sort of clothes i should take with me . 
i am looking forward to your reply at your earliest convenience and to get to know you personally in july . 
i am looking forward to your reply at your earliest convenience and to getting to know you personally in july . 
yours faithfully , 
yours sincerely , 
esther meyer
esther meyer
dear kim , 
dear kim , 
thanks a lot for your long letter ! it was great to hear from you again after such a long time . you asked me , how the pop concert was like which i told you i was going to go to in my last letter . well , let me tell you , it was just awesome ! 
thanks a lot for your long letter ! it was great to hear from you again after such a long time . you asked me what the pop concert was like which i told you i was going to go to in my last letter . well , let me tell you , it was just awesome ! 
my job was it , to help to keep all the little kids out of the backstage area . therefore i got to stay backstage all the time and to see all the members of the " backstreet boys " . 
it was my job to help to keep all the little kids out of the backstage area . therefore i got to stay backstage all the time and to see all the members of the " backstreet boys " . 
and , you won't believe it , i actually got to talk to nick carter ! 
and , you won't believe it , i actually got to talk to nick carter ! 
yes , that was the best thing about the concert but i actually just enjoyed the whole experience to be part of the crew . i sort of felt , like i had done my part to make the concert a sucess . do you know , what i mean ? anyway , i've got to study now , we've got a maths exam tomorrow . 
yes , that was the best thing about the concert but i actually just enjoyed the whole experience of being part of the crew . i sort of felt like i had done my part to make the concert a success . do you know what i mean ? anyway , i've got to study now . we've got a maths exam tomorrow . 
hope to hear from you soon
hope to hear from you soon
lots of love , 
lots of love , 
esther
esther
helen ryan
helen ryan
competition organiser . 
competition organiser . 
dear madame , 
dear madam , 
i have received your good news and i'm very happy because i have always wished go to california and now it's real , so , thank you very much about that . 
i have received the good news and i'm very happy because i have always wanted to go to california and now it's really happening , so , thank you very much for that . 
first at all , i would like to give you some further information from me and secondly , i'll ask you for some doubts that i have . 
first of all , i would like to give you some further information about me and secondly , i'd like to ask you about some concerns that i have . 
about , when i would like to travel i think that my answer will be easy for you , because , i have two months off those are july and august so , my travel should be in between , my accomodation i would like to stay in tent because i remember my holidays in the south of peru , long time ago , it was wonderful . 
about when i would like to travel , i think that my answer will be easy for you , because i have two months off , those are july and august , so my trip should be in between . regarding my accommodation i would like to stay in a tent because i remember my holidays in the south of peru , a long time ago ; it was wonderful . 
with regard to the activities at the camp , i would like to choose basketball and photography , because i think that basketball is very complete sport for training your muscles and i used to play in a league in my country , it's hard but at the same time lovely . the other selection has been done because i like to much discover different places and with a camera is possible to do it easily . 
with regard to the activities at the camp , i would like to choose basketball and photography , because i think that basketball is a very good sport for training your muscles and i used to play in a league in my country . it's hard but at the same time lovely . the other choice has been made because i like very much to discover different places and with a camera it is possible to do that easily . 
if it possible for you to help me in some doubts i have , i'll be really greatful . one is with regard to how much additional money you believe will be enough to enjoy the holiday ? another thing is if the meals are include or i have to paid for them ? 
if it is possible for you to help me clear up some doubts i have , i'll be really grateful . one doubt concerns how much additional money you believe will be enough to enjoy the holiday . another thing is if the meals are included or whether i have to pay for them . 
once again , thanks . 
once again , thanks . 
waiting for your reply , best wishes . 
waiting for your reply , best wishes . 
your faitfull . 
yours faithfully . 
daniel ortiz
daniel ortiz
dear kim , 
dear kim , 
i have heard from you recently and i'm really happy , i hope you and your family are well . 
i have heard from you recently and i'm really happy , i hope you and your family are well . 
i know that my girlfriend told you that i was helping at a pop concert and enjoyed it very much . besides , she told me that you are very keen to know how was my experience , so i'll give you some information in this letter that i'm sure you will be glad , even you have not been in the concert . 
i know that my girlfriend told you that i was helping at a pop concert and enjoyed it very much . besides , she told me that you are very keen to know about my experience , so i'll give you some information in this letter that i'm sure you will be glad to have , even though you have not been to the concert . 
first at all , i'll tell you that in the day concert i woke up at 6:30 a . m , very early for me , you know me i'm lazzy , the work began around 8:30 , was very hard but when the band come for training , since this moment i was enjoining to work until the concert had finished , the atmosphere was wonderful , the musicians were very kind with every one who was working because they understood that a concert is a job to be done by a team . during the concert i listened the band like everybody , besides i earned money so , was a wonderful experience . 
first of all , i'll tell you that on the day of the concert i woke up at 6:30 a . m . , very early for me . you know me , i'm lazy . the work began around 8:30 . it was very hard but then the band came to train to rehearse . since . from that moment i was enjoying enjoyed working until the concert had finished . the atmosphere was wonderful , the musicians were very kind to everyone who was working because they understood that putting on a concert is a job to be done by a team . during the concert i listened to the band like everybody else , besides i earned money , so it was a wonderful experience . 
looking forward to hear from you . 
looking forward to hearing from you . 
you sincerely . 
yours sincerely . 
dear mrs ryan , 
dear mrs ryan , 
i am very happy to know that i have won the first prize in you competition . i am writing in order to give you all the details that you need from me . 
i am very happy to know that i have won the first prize in your competition . i am writing in order to give you all the details that you need from me . 
first of all , i would like to travel in july because i think california is better in summer . regarding accommodation , i would prefer to stay in a log cabin because cabins seem to be more comfortable than tents . according to your letter , i will be able to take part in two activities at the camp . let me tell you that i would like to sing and play tennis . as a matter of fact , i am very good at both of them . 
first of all , i would like to travel in july because i think california is better in summer . regarding accommodation , i would prefer to stay in a log cabin because cabins seem to be more comfortable than tents . according to your letter , i will be able to take part in two activities at the camp . let me tell you that i would like to sing and play tennis . as a matter of fact , i am very good at both of them . 
finally , i would like you to tell me if i will need some special clothes . if the answer is yes , could you tell me which kind of clothes i will need . one other thing , it would be useful to know if i will need to take with me some extra money . if the answer is yes , could you tell me how much money i will need to take with me . 
finally , i would like you to tell me if i will need some special clothes . if the answer is yes , could you tell me what kind of clothes i will need . one other thing , it would be useful to know if i will need to take with me some extra money . if the answer is yes , could you tell me how much money i will need to take with me . 
i look forward to receiving you reply . 
i look forward to receiving your reply . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
denis jimenez
denis jimenez
introduction
introduction
this report is to suggest which lessons and activities should be filmed in order to make the video about daily life at school . 
this report is to suggest which lessons and activities should be filmed in order to make the video about daily life at school . 
lessons and activities suggested
lessons and activities suggested
lessons attended in the language laboratory . 
lessons attended in the language laboratory . 
special lessons attended in the library . 
special lessons attended in the library . 
students using the computer and video room
students using the computer and video room
activities connected with the social programme such as international evenings , sing along parties and indoor games . 
activities connected with the social programme , such as international evenings , sing-along parties and indoor games . 
ordinary lessons attended by students from different levels . 
ordinary lessons attended by students of different levels of ability . 
by filming . . . 
by filming . . . 
lessons and activities which take place in the language laboratory , in the library and in the computer and video room , we can also show the school's facilities and how students take advantage of them . 
lessons and activities which take place in the language laboratory , in the library and in the computer and video room , we can also show the school's facilities and how students take advantage of them . 
ordinary lessons , it is a good way of showing the relationship between students and teachers . 
ordinary lessons are a good way of showing the relationship between students and teachers . 
activities connected with the social programme , we can show how students make the most of their time at school when they are not attending their ordinary lessons or using the facilities . 
activities connected with the social programme , we can show how students make the most of their time at school when they are not attending their ordinary lessons or using the facilities . 
conclusion
conclusion
i would recommend the lessons and activities mentioned above in order to make the video in question . 
i would recommend the lessons and activities mentioned above in order to make the video in question . 
dear helen ryan , 
dear helen ryan , 
thank you for your letter . i am very happy to have won your competition . in order to confirm my schedule for travel i have won in your competition , i am writing some information to you below . 
thank you for your letter . i am very happy to have won your competition . in order to confirm my schedule for the trip i have won in your competition , i am writing some information to you below . 
i would like to go to " camp california " on july because i will have to produce " mission impossible iii " from august . i will be busy to decide everything about this film and will not have enough time to go there . 
i would like to go to " camp california " in july because i will have to produce " mission impossible iii " from august . i will be busy deciding everything about this film and will not have enough time to go there . 
i would prefer in tents as a accommodation because it sounds thrilling and even ecstatic for me and also i have never tried this kind of accommodation before . 
i would prefer to stay in tents as accommodation because it sounds thrilling and even ecstatic for me , and also i have never tried this kind of accommodation before . 
i would like to choose swimming and tennis . to produce a film is very hard work . i must keep a good condition to make a masterpiece . swimming is really nice for my relaxing and i can do exercise for a long time . on the other hand , tennis stimulates my body and soul . it is good for my inspiration . 
i would like to choose swimming and tennis . to produce a film is very hard work . i must keep in good condition to make a masterpiece . swimming is really nice for relaxing and i can do exercise for a long time . on the other hand , tennis stimulates my body and soul . it is good for my inspiration . 
i don't have anything i would like to ask you . i look forward to going to go " camp california " . 
i don't have anything i would like to ask you . i look forward to going to go " camp california " . 
your sincerely , 
yours sincerely yours faithfully , 
hi ! kim . 
hi ! kim . 
how have you been ? hope you haven't been working too hard ! 
how have you been ? hope you haven't been working too hard ! 
by the way , do you want to hear my experience about pop concert ? ok ! here we go ! 
by the way , do you want to hear about my experience of the pop concert ? ok ! here we go ! 
i enjoyed helping at a pop concert last month . there are a lot of people . i conveyed a lot of chairs and looked after the que or people who lost their way . it sounds really bad but i enjoyed this pop concert to my heart's content . 
i enjoyed helping at a pop concert last month . there were a lot of people . i carried a lot of chairs and looked after the queue or people who lost their way . it sounds really bad but i enjoyed this pop concert to my heart's content . 
i like " x " . " x " is the musician who sang songs at a pop concert . my aim joining this concert as a stuff was that i could see " x " . i know you like " x " as well . do you envy me ? the concert was enthusiastic and even made me ecstatic . his voice is also soulful and sometimes even gave us blissful . sounds good , doesn't it ? 
i like " x " . " x " is the musician who sang songs at the pop concert . my aim joining this concert as a member of staff was that i could see " x " . i know you like " x " as well . do you envy me ? the concert was enthusiastic and even made me ecstatic . his voice is also soulful and sometimes even gave us blissful feelings . sounds good , doesn't it ? 
hope we join the next pop concert together as a stuff and enjoy our time ! 
hope we join the next pop concert together as staff and enjoy our time there ! 
bye
bye
dear mrs ryan
dear mrs ryan
i am very happy to know that i have won the first prize in your competition . now i can realize one of my dream . 
i am very happy to know that i have won the first prize in your competition . now i can realize one of my dreams . 
i can give you all the information that you need . i prefer to travel in july because it is the only month i can have two weeks holiday . 
i can give you all the information that you need . i prefer to travel in july because it is the only month i can have two weeks' holiday . 
for the accommodation i prefer to have a log cabin because i have some problems with my back and i need a bed to sleep in . i can do two activities during my stay at the camp . the first one i choose is swimming . i have a good level in swimming and i have done some competitions last year which i have won . for the second activity i choose photography . i have take a photography course the last two years so i am able to do some beautiful pictures . 
for the accommodation i prefer to have a log cabin because i have some problems with my back and i need a bed to sleep in . i can do two activities during my stay at the camp . the first one i have chosen is swimming . i have a good level of proficiency in swimming and i did entered some competitions last year which i won . for the second activity i have chosen photography . i have taken a photography course over the last two years so i am able to take some beautiful pictures . 
one question , i just want to know what kind of clothes do i take with me ? and how many money do i need ? 
one question , i just want to know what kind of clothes do i take with me ? and how much money do i need ? 
i thank you in advance . 
i thank you in advance . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
dear kim , 
dear kim , 
you want to hear about my experience in helping at a pop concert . you can't imagine how funny it was ! you could do so many things because you received a free-pass which allowed you to go where you wanted and it was what i had prefer about this experience . 
you want to hear about my experience of helping at a pop concert . you can't imagine how fun it was ! you could do so many things because you received a free pass which allowed you to go where you wanted and that was what i preferred liked about this experience . 
i really enjoyed to serve the drinks to the pop-stars . you could speak to them and you could see that a lot were very cool and the other ones were still in the sky . and you heard the concerts too . 
i really enjoyed serving the drinks to the pop-stars . you could speak to them and you could see that a lot were very cool and the other ones were still in the sky . and you heard the concerts too . 
after the concert i had to clean the area and it took a long time because people were like pigs . but i was chatting and laughing with other workers . 
after the concert i had to clean the area and it took a long time because people had been had behaved like pigs . but i was chatting and laughing with other workers . 
one more word ! if you can have the chance to do it too , do it ! it was a very positive experience . i didn't regret it and i want to do it again ! 
one more word ! if you have the chance to do it too , do it ! it was a very positive experience . i didn't regret it and i want to do it again ! 
write me soon . 
write to me soon . 
love , 
love , 
13th june 2000
13th june 2000
dear ms helen ryan
dear ms helen ryan
competition organiser
competition organiser
i have just recieved the letter , which lets me know that i have won the first prize . i am proud of winning it and would like to say how thankful i am . i am therefore writing to give you my further information . 
i have just received the letter , which lets me know that i have won the first prize . i am proud of winning it and would like to say how grateful i am . i am therefore writing to give you my further information . 
first of all , i am a student and would like to travel in july . because i intend to take examination in septenber . so i can afford to go on holiday only in july . secondly , i would prefer to stay at log cabins rather than tents . it will be my first time to experience to stay there and i am interested in trying new things which i have not tried . 
first of all , i am a student and would like to travel in july . this is because i intend to take an examination in september . so i can afford to go on holiday only in july . secondly , i would prefer to stay in log cabins rather than tents . it will be my first time experiencing staying there and i am interested in trying new things which i have not tried . 
the next consideration is the activities . actually , i used to play basketball for 6 years and am quite confident of it . and nowadays , i have been practicing tennis as school activity . therefore i would like to choose basketball and tennis . 
the next consideration is the activities . actually , i used to play basketball for 6 years and am quite confident at it . and recently , i have been practising tennis as a school activity . therefore i would like to choose basketball and tennis . 
finally , i am considering about what kind of clothes i should wear and how much i need . i would be most grateful if you could give me further advicable information . 
finally , i am wondering about what kind of clothes i should wear and how much i need . i would be most grateful if you could give me further advicable information . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
dear kim , 
dear kim , 
hello ! i hope everything around you is alright . you might not believe but actually i helped at a pop concert last month and i really enjoyed it so much . so i'm now writing to let you know how grateful it was . all work i needed to do wasn't very interesting . which i must have set thousands chairs correctly and after finishing i put them back nicely . the reason i enjoyed it very much is that i could meet the vocalist on setting chairs just before they started practicing . i was asked if i wanted to sit down in front of stage . naturally i agreed and i could enjoy their gig as audience . it was absolutely fantastic . i had ever never sit down there . additionally , you couldn't believe , but the vocalist said " all the chairs you are sitting down were set from him , " pointing at me ! ! actually i was a bit ashamed but it will be my brilliant memory . 
hello ! i hope everything around you is alright . you might not believe it but actually i helped at a pop concert last month and i really enjoyed it so much . so i'm now writing to let you know how great it was . all the work i needed to do wasn't very interesting . i must have set thousands of chairs correctly and after finishing i put them back nicely . the reason i enjoyed it very much is that i could meet the vocalist during setting chairs just before they started practising . i was asked if i wanted to sit down in front of the stage . naturally i agreed and i could enjoy their gig as a member of the audience . it was absolutely fantastic . i had ever never sat down there . additionally , you won't believe it , but the vocalist said " all the chairs you are sitting on were set out by him , " pointing at me ! ! actually i was a bit ashamed but it will be my brilliant memory . 
anyway it was so interesting time that i didn't even feel tired after that . finally , i suggest you should try as i did if you have any opportunity . you must like it . 
anyway it was so interesting a time that i didn't even feel tired after that . finally , i suggest you should try as i did if you have any opportunity . you are sure to like it . 
i'm looking forward to seeing you soon . can you send me the letter back writing what happend to you recently . 
i'm looking forward to seeing you soon . can you send me a letter back writing what happened to you recently ? 
bye ! 
bye ! 
love , 
love , 
dear mrs . ryan , 
dear mrs . ryan , 
thank you for your letter . i was very surprised that i have won the first prize in your competition . first i would like to mention that i can only travel in july , because i will work in august in a web designer studio . so i am unable to go on holiday to another time . i would prefer to stay in a tent because i like camping very much . i think it's more exciting to be in a tent than in a log cabin . 
thank you for your letter . i was very surprised that i have won the first prize in your competition . first i would like to mention that i can only travel in july , because i will work in august in a web designer's studio . so i am unable to go on holiday at any other time . i would prefer to stay in a tent because i like camping very much . i think it's more exciting to be in a tent than in a log cabin . 
i was very surprised that you offer such a great variety of sports and courses . 
i was very surprised that you offer such a great variety of sports and courses . 
i would like to do basketball and painting . 
i would like to do basketball and painting . 
i played basketball at school for about two years . i am rather good in it . i also had painting as main subject at school for five years . i like painting very much , and i think i am good in painting . i paint a lot in my free time . i prefer painting landscapes and fantasy-pictures . 
i played basketball at school for about two years . i am rather good at it . i also had painting as my main subject at school for five years . i like painting very much , and i think i am good at painting . i paint a lot in my free time . i prefer painting landscapes and fantasy pictures . 
i would like to ask you , how much money will we need ? which clothes should we take with us ? 
i would like to ask you , how much money will we need ? what clothes should we take with us ? 
i hope to hear from you soon . 
i hope to hear from you soon . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
first i would like to point out , that this was a good idea to present our school in a short film . 
first i would like to point out that it was a good idea to present our school in a short film . 
i think first of all we should film an english lesson , where pupils could prepare some group work or information-boards . i think it is also important to present a comercial english lesson , maybe the pupils could write " offers and orders " or enquiries on the blackboard . 
i think first of all we should film an english lesson , where pupils could prepare some group work or information boards . i think it is also important to present a commercial business english lesson . maybe the pupils could write " offers and orders " or enquiries on the blackboard . 
next i would film a bwpm lesson . this subject teachs the pupils how to make good presentations . they go together in groups , then they prepare power point presentations and at least they present it in front of the other pupils and teachers . 
next i would film a bwpm lesson . this subject teaches the pupils how to make good presentations . they get together in groups , then they prepare power-point presentations and finally they present it in front of the other pupils and teachers . 
it would be also very interesting to film the situation during the brake . the smokers in the school yard , the buffett and the other pupils , who are sitting in front of their tables writing their homework . 
it would be also very interesting to film the situation during the break . the smokers in the school yard , the buffet and the other pupils , who are sitting at their tables doing their homework . 
i think then we should film an informatic-lesson . it would be funny to present the computers , which are often overcharged , or often the netserver is spinning . it's really funny to see the helpless teacher , who wants to go on writing in excel or a word text , while the computers do not work or brake down . 
i think then we should film an information-technology lesson . it would be funny to show the computers , which are often overcharged , and often the netserver is spinning . it's really funny to see the helpless teacher , who wants to go on working in excel or word , while the computers do not work or break down . 
i think that would be all for our video . in my opinion this are the most interesting things in our school . 
i think that would be all for our video . in my opinion these are the most interesting things in our school . 
dear helen ryan , 
dear helen ryan , 
i am writing to answer all the questions that you made me in your last letter . 
i am writing to answer all the questions that you asked me in your last letter . 
first of all , i wanted to thank you for giving me the first prize in your competition . it is very important for me , because i always wanted to travel to the u . s . a . 
first of all , i wanted to thank you for giving me the first prize in your competition . it is very important for me , because i have always wanted to travel to the u . s . a . 
i would be able to travel only in july because it is the only month when i don't have to go to school . 
i would be able to travel only in july because it is the only month when i don't have to go to school . 
i would prefer to stay in a tent because as i had never slept in a tent , it would be a new experience for me . 
i would prefer to stay in a tent because , as i have never slept in a tent , it would be a new experience for me . 
the two activities that i choose are: basketball and climbing . i am a very good basketball player because i have been playing basketball since i was six years old . by the other side , i have never climbed a mountain but i always wanted to do it . 
the two activities that i choose are: basketball and climbing . i am a very good basketball player because i have been playing basketball since i was six years old . on the other hand , i have never climbed a mountain but i always wanted to do it . 
i wondered which kind of clothes i should take to the camp and i wanted to know how much money i should take . 
i wondered what kind of clothes i should take to the camp and i wanted to know how much money i should take . 
i look forward to knowing the date of the camp . 
i look forward to knowing the dates of the camp . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
dear kim , 
dear kim , 
thank you for your last letter . it was very interesting and i enjoyed reading it . 
thank you for your last letter . it was very interesting and i enjoyed reading it . 
as you know , i enjoyed helping at a pop concert last month . it was a very good experience and i am going to tell you all about it . 
as you know , i enjoyed helping at a pop concert last month . it was a very good experience and i am going to tell you all about it . 
first of all , i had to sell tickets for the concert in the street . as i sold all the tickets that the organisers gave me , i won a prize of ten pounds . don't ask me how the concert was ! because during the concert i was working in the kitchen of the stadium bar , preparing sandwiches . i am angry because i couldn't watch the artists performing their songs . 
first of all , i had to sell tickets for the concert in the street . as i sold all the tickets that the organisers gave me , i won a prize of ten pounds . don't ask me how the concert was ! because during the concert i was working in the kitchen of the stadium bar , preparing sandwiches . i am angry because i couldn't watch the artists performing their songs . 
when the concert was finished , some friends and i went for a drink . 
when the concert was finished , some friends and i went for a drink . 
it was a very important experience for me because i learnt all about the organisation of a pop concert . 
it was a very important experience for me because i learnt all about the organisation of a pop concert . 
looking forward to hearing from you . 
looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours , 
yours , 
at the begining i would like to thank you . now i am going to give you some further informations i would like to travel only in july because i am a student in high school and this is most important year of my life i am studying to university entrance exams and i have to study until the end of june and then by the end of june i will be having university entrance exam after that in july i am going to be alright . 
at the beginning first of all i would like to thank you . now i am going to give you some further information : i would like to travel only in july because i am a student in high school and this is the most important year of my life . i am studying for the university entrance exams and i have to study until the end of june and then at the end of june i will have the university entrance exam and after that , in july , i am going to be alright . 
i would prefer tents because i have never stay in tents before and i am wondering how it is going to be like and among these activities i am choosing basketball and swimming . basketball because i am very good at it , swimming because i like to swim very much but i'm not a very good swimmer . and finally i would like to ask you some questions . my first question is about clothes; what kind of clothes do we need to take with us ? and how much money do we need to take ? 
i would prefer a tent because i have never stayed in a tent before and i am wondering what it is going to be like . and from these activities i will choose basketball and swimming : basketball because i am very good at it , swimming because i like to swim very much but i'm not a very good swimmer . and finally i would like to ask you some questions . my first question is about clothes; what kind of clothes do we need to take with us ? and how much money do we need to take ? 
finally what kind of wheather is waiting for us ? 
finally , what kind of weather is waiting for us ? 
thank you for every thing 
thank you for everything . 
your sincerely
yours sincerely
osman
osman
dir madam
dear madam
i'm writing to you in reply to your letter . i was really suprised when i opened it . i look forword to going to the camp california in the usa . i would like to travel only in july because my family is going to visit me on august and i will have to look after them . i prefer staying in tens to staying in log cabins . because it remainds me my childhood . i used to going with my friends to the camp , wich was situeded on a seaside . 
i'm writing to you in reply to your letter . i was really surprised when i opened it . i look forward to going to the camp california in the usa . i would like to travel only in july because my family is going to visit me in august and i will have to look after them . i prefer staying in tents to staying in log cabins , because it reminds me of my childhood . i used to go with my friends to a camp , which was situated by the seaside . 
we had always enjoying ourselves . never had i got such a great time . from your's list of activities i choose sailing and climbing . i'm keen on sailing , it is my favourite sport . i find it very atractive . i have been sailing since my father had bought a boat in 1980 , when i was only five years old . however , i have never taken part in any competitions connected with this sport . for me it is only a hobby . last year i took up climbing and i want to carry on learning this sport . 
we always enjoyed ourselves . never had i had such a great time . from your list of activities i choose sailing and climbing . i'm keen on sailing , it is my favourite sport . i find it very attractive appealing . i have been sailing since my father bought a boat in 1980 , when i was only five years old . however , i have never taken part in any competitions connected with this sport . for me it is only a hobby . last year i took up climbing and i want to carry on learning this sport . 
i would like to ask what kinds of clothes should i take with me . and i wonder if prizes are high there . 
i would like to ask what kinds of clothes i should take with me , and i wonder if prices are high there . 
yours faithfully
yours faithfully
angelina
angelina
i used to like shopping , but recently i came across many disadvantage of this activity . most people think that if they have got money they will buy everything what they want . it isn't true . nowdays we have many big shopping centers . we like them because everything is on one place . the most suitable time for shopping is weekand when parents don't work and children haven't got a school . because of that shopping centers are over crowded . you can't buy something in peacful and calm athmospher . in addition in such kind of shops prizes are very high , of course not all of them . however such centers are very useful and necessary . i my opinion the worst thing which may happened is extremly hugh queu to the changing room . it is really exhausting . afterwards you are all in . nevertheless sometimes shopping could be enjoyable . if you bought something goregous , you would be very happy . on balance i think that shopping should be a nice thing so if you have bad mood don't go shopping . 
i used to like shopping , but recently i came across many disadvantages of this activity . most people think that if they have got money they will buy everything they want . it isn't true . nowadays we have many big shopping centres . we like them because everything is in one place . the most suitable time for shopping is the weekend when parents don't work and children haven't got school . because of that , shopping centres are overcrowded . you can't buy something in a peaceful and calm atmosphere . in addition , in this kind of shops prices are very high , of course not all of them . however such centres are very useful and necessary . in my opinion the worst thing which may happen is an extremely huge long queue for the changing room . it is really exhausting . afterwards you are all in . nevertheless sometimes shopping can be enjoyable . if you bought something gorgeous , you will be very happy . on balance i think that shopping should be a nice thing so if you are in a bad mood don't go shopping . 
june 13th , 2000
june 13th , 2000
dear mrs . ryan , 
dear mrs . ryan , 
i am writing concerning the journey i have won in your competition . 
i am writing concerning the trip i have won in your competition . 
first of all i will try to answer your questions . 
first of all i will try to answer your questions . 
for me it is only possible to go to the usa in july . the reason for this is that i have to work in august and from september to june i have to go to school . 
for me it is only possible to go to the usa in july . the reason for this is that i have to work in august and from september to june i have to go to school . 
i would prefer long cabins and i hope that then i will have enough place for all the things i will carry with me . 
i would prefer a log cabin and i hope that then i will have enough room for all the things i will bring with me . 
the activities you offer are really interesting . i would like to take part in a painting course and i would like to get to know how to handle a camera . 
the activities you offer are really interesting . i would like to take part in a painting course and i would like to get to know how to handle a camera . 
unfortunately , i do not have an own camera . 
unfortunately , i do not have my own camera . 
in spite of this , i have got all equipement i need for the activity painting and i am painting very well . 
in spite of this , i have got all the equipment i need for painting and i paint very well . 
could you please tell me if i will need some extra money for the two activities . 
could you please tell me if i will need some extra money for the two activities . 
secondly , i want to know if i should take any warm clothes with me . 
secondly , i want to know if i should take any warm clothes with me . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
13th june 2000
13th june 2000
dear kim , 
dear kim , 
it was nice to hear from you recently . 
it was nice to hear from you recently . 
i am writing to tell you about my work at the pop concert . 
i am writing to tell you about my work at the pop concert . 
i went there a 10 o'clock in the morning . then a young man told me what to do . first of all i had to carry all the bottles into the bar and later i helped some other people to get the instruments in the right position . it was really hard work . 
i went there at 10 o'clock in the morning . then a young man told me what to do . first of all i had to carry all the bottles into the bar and later i helped some other people to get the instruments in the right position . it was really hard work . 
at one o'clock i had a break . at this time i promised that i would never do this awful job again . the food was deligious and fortunately i do not had to pay for it . 
at one o'clock i had a break . at this point i promised myself that i would never do this awful job again . the food was delicious and fortunately i did not have to pay for it . 
in the afternoon i was sitting around , waiting for the pop groups . then at five o'clock my favourite band " tristania " arrived . 
in the afternoon i was sitting around , waiting for the pop groups . then at five o'clock my favourite band " tristania " arrived . 
i talked to them and to many other groups that arrived later . 
i talked to them and to many other groups that arrived later . 
in the end i was happy that i had done this job . it was really a wonderful day . 
in the end i was happy that i had done this job . it was really a wonderful day . 
i think it would be a good idea if we two did this job together the next year . 
i think it would be a good idea if we two did this job together next year . 
give my regards to your family . 
give my regards to your family . 
best wishes , 
best wishes , 
dear sir/ madame , 
dear sir/ madam , 
today a recived your letter , it is the most wonderful news i here in a long time . i am so please that i won this prize , that i can not explain how greateful i am . i wasen't expecting this prize because was to good to be true . my family decide to visit my grandmother in orlando , because she got some problems with the swiming-pool , she ask my parents to help her in a new swiming pool building . 
today i received your letter . it is the most wonderful news i hear have heard in a long time . i am so pleased that i won this prize that i cannot explain how grateful i am . i wasn't expecting this prize because it is too good to be true . my family decide to visit my grandmother in orlando , because she got some problems with the swimming pool . she ask my parents to help her in a new swiming pool building . 
because this situation i be very busy on the first week of july , and i apreciate if you can give me the choice to start my " camp california " from july 10th . about the accomodation i would prefer to sleep on the tents , because i never been in one , and it is a lot more fun than log cabins . 
because of this situation i will be very busy in the first week of july , and i would appreciate it if you could give me the option to begin my " camp california " experience on july 10th . about the accommodation i would prefer to sleep in a tent , because i have never been in one , and it is a lot more fun than log cabins . 
because i seen my father playing golf since i was a child i am very kind on this sport , and also i love photography because i got a great camara . 
because i have seen my father playing golf since i was a child i am very keen on this sport , and also i love photography because i have got a great camera . 
i am really looking forward to see you soon . 
i am really looking forward to seeing you soon . 
when i was a child i never like to go shopping because my mum spend so much time on the shops that i remember going shopping with her , was a nigthmare . it is ameaising how people change during the years , for example now shopping for me is one of the most entertaining things , and every week i have to buy something . i enjoy so much fashion that my life change completely since i start to study clothes designer and i discover that fabrics , colors , are really enjoyable . but in this days shopping is not always enjoyable , because if you decide to buy a very expensive designer and you pay full price , on the end of the season it is half price , i find very anfair for people who pay a lot of money on their clothes . anyway , shopping is allways a satisfation for rich people , because they can afforded and they don't main to spend full price on their clothes . 
when i was a child i never liked to go shopping because my mum spent so much time in the shops that i remember that going shopping with her was a nightmare . it is amazing how people change over the years for example now shopping for me is one of the most entertaining things , and every week i have to buy something . i enjoy fashion so much that my life has changed completely since i started to study fashion design and i discovered that fabrics , and colors , are really enjoyable . but these days shopping is not always enjoyable , because if you decide to buy a very expensive designer and you pay the full price , at the end of the season it is half price . i find it very unfair for people who pay a lot of money for their clothes . anyway , shopping is always satisfaction satisfying for rich people , because they can afford it and they don't mind to pay paying the full price for their clothes . 
dear ms ryan , 
dear ms ryan , 
i was enthusiatic about receiving your letter . i will give you all the necessary information . 
i was enthusiastic about receiving your letter . i will give you all the necessary information . 
i would like to travel in july because during that period i will be free from work , my current post finishes at the end of june but i will start another job at the beginning of august . 
i would like to travel in july because during that period i will be free from work . my current post finishes at the end of june but i will start another job at the beginning of august . 
i would prefer to stay in tents rather than in log cabins , because it would be a new experience for me and i would like to try something different . 
i would prefer to stay in a tent rather than in a log cabin , because it would be a new experience for me and i would like to try something different . 
as far as the activities are concerned , i have chosen to do tennis and swimming . i am good at playing tennis and i have been learning to swim for three months so it could be a useful training for me . 
as far as the activities are concerned , i have chosen to do tennis and swimming . i am good at playing tennis and i have been learning to swim for three months so it could be useful training for me . 
moreover i would like to know what kind of clothes are the best for living in the camp and if i need to bring with me a large amount of money . 
moreover i would like to know what kind of clothes are the best for living in the camp and if i need to bring with me a large amount of money . 
i want to thank you for this prize , let me know if you need further information . 
i want to thank you for this prize . let me know if you need further information . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
bianca botticelli
bianca botticelli
dear kim , 
dear kim , 
in your last letter you asked me about the concert . . . oh it was fantastic ! i've always loved music so working in a concert was great . 
in your last letter you asked me about the concert . . . oh it was fantastic ! i've always loved music so working at a concert was great . 
you can't imagine how many people are involved in the organization of a concert , apart from the musicists and the singers , there are people who work with lights , who organize the security service . . . it was so exciting ! my work consisted in checking the tickets , the number on them and taking the people to their seats . 
you can't imagine how many people are involved in the organization of a concert . apart from the musicians and the singers , there are people who work with lights , who organize the security . . . it was so exciting ! my work consisted in checking the tickets , the number on them and taking people to their seats . 
it was also very tiring because all the people arrived at the same time and they didn't want to wait for my help; so they went around the theatre , looking for their seats and making so much noise . 
it was also very tiring because all the people arrived at the same time and they didn't want to wait for my help; so they went around the theatre , looking for their seats and making so much noise . 
sometimes i think that people never grow up , if they had been a class of children , they would have made less noise ! ! 
sometimes i think that people never grow up . if they had been a class of children , they would have made less noise ! ! 
anyway , it was a great experience in spite of these little problems . 
anyway , it was a great experience in spite of these little problems . 
now i have to go , write soon and let me know what you have been doing . 
now i have to go . write soon and let me know what you have been doing . 
lots of love
lots of love
bianca
bianca
xxx
xxx
dear mrs ryan , 
dear mrs ryan , 
thank you for your letter . i am very pleased to see that i win the first prize in your competition . i am going to answer your questions . 
thank you for your letter . i am very pleased to see that i have won the first prize in your competition . i am going to answer your questions . 
firstly , i would like to travel on july because i have some holidays during this month . i am working the rest of this summer . 
firstly , i would like to travel in july because i have some holidays during that month . i am working the rest of this summer . 
for the accommodation , i would prefer to stay in a log cabin because i think it is probably more comfortable . i think we are going to be tired so i prefer to sleep comfortably . 
for the accommodation , i would prefer to stay in a log cabin because i think it is probably more comfortable . i think we are going to be tired so i prefer to sleep comfortably . 
you also asked me about two activities . i choose singing because i love singing and i am in a choir for 7 years now . i also choose climbing . unfortunately i am not so good in it . but i would take the opportunity to improve myself . 
you also asked me about two activities . i choose singing because i love singing and i have been in a choir for 7 years now . i also choose climbing . unfortunately i am not so good at it . but i would take the opportunity to improve . 
in addition , i have some questions . i would like to know which sort of clothes we have to take with us and also how much money is necessary . 
in addition , i have some questions . i would like to know what sort of clothes we have to take with us and also how much money is necessary . 
i look forward to hearing from you in the near future . 
i look forward to hearing from you in the near future . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
shopping is not always enjoyable
shopping is not always enjoyable
our life of today is getting even more about consommation . you always find more shops and they are open even more late . you can't live without shopping but shopping is not always enjoyable . 
our life today is getting even more about consumption increasingly about consumption . you always find more shops and they are open even later . you can't live without shopping but shopping is not always enjoyable . 
firstly , if you try to do your shopping during the rush hour , it could be very difficult . everybody is stressed , you have to make the queue . it is not comfortable at all . 
firstly , if you try to do your shopping during the rush hour , it could be very difficult . everybody is stressed . you have to join the queue . it is not pleasant at all . 
in addition , everything is now so expensive that you have to compare the prices . you have to find which shop offers you good quality products for a good price . but sometimes some goods are expensive but of a very bad quality . and it is not an easy task if you have to complain about the quality . most of the time the shop assistant doesn't believe you . 
in addition , everything is now so expensive that you have to compare the prices . you have to find which shop offers you good quality products for a good price . sometimes some goods are expensive but of a very bad quality . and it is not an easy task if you have to complain about the quality . most of the time the shop assistant doesn't believe you . 
in conclusion , i can say that shopping is not the most enjoyable task you could find . of course you also have some good aspects but most of the time it is very unpleasant . you could try to do your shopping via internet . perhaps you will find less inconvenience . 
in conclusion , i can say that shopping is not the most enjoyable task you could find . of course you also have some good aspects but most of the time it is very unpleasant . you could try to do your shopping via the internet . perhaps you will find it less inconvenient . 
dear ms ryan
dear ms ryan
i am very astonished that i won this competition ! it is great and i will say thank you for the two weeks at camp california already . i have never been in california yet . 
i am really astonished that i won this competition ! it is great and i want to say thank you for the two weeks at camp california . i have never been to california before . 
now i will give you the further information: i have to travel in july because i had to make sure that i can have holiday this year and it is the only possebility ! i am sure you can take attention on this . 
now i will give you some further information: i have to travel in july because i have to make sure that i can have a holiday this year and it is my only possibility option ! i am sure you can understand this . 
i decided to have the accommodation at camp california in a tent , because there you will have lots of fun . you can feel the fresh air and listen to animals , this will be a great oportunety ! 
i decided that my accommodation at camp california should be in a tent , because there you will have lots of fun . you can feel the fresh air and listen to the animals . this will be a great opportunity ! 
i am pleased to choose two activities , because now i will be able to learn singing and surfing ! i am not well in both activities , but it will be a pleasure to try it espacially surfing , i would like to feel the air in my hair , and enjoy how quick the board goes over the sea . 
i am pleased to choose two activities , because now i will be able to learn singing and surfing ! i am not good at both activities not good at either activity , but it will be a pleasure to try them , especially surfing . i would like to feel the wind in my hair , and enjoy how quickly the board goes over the sea . 
another question i have ; the live there , is it as expensive as i think ? and the weather are they only sunshiny days ? 
i have another question ; the life there , is it as expensive as i think ? and the weather ? are there only sunshiny days ? 
in the other hand it is not as important , the main reason is i really look forward to go at this camp and one more time , thanks a lot ! 
on the other hand it is not as important , the main reason is i really look forward to going to this camp and , one more time , thanks a lot ! 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
l . schwartz
l . schwartz
shopping is not always enjoyable
shopping is not always enjoyable
we have recently had a discussion in our class about this statement , we have had a great argueing . certainly it is great to buy new clothes and have a great variety at home , to wear , but mostly you will have allways not enough . 
we have recently had a discussion in our class about this statement . we have had a great deal of arguing . certainly it is great to buy new clothes and have a great variety at home to wear , but mostly you will have always not enough never have enough . 
when i decided to go for a shopping , first i will make sure that i have enough time . i am not a typical women because i hate shopping ! i am lucky if i will find something which fits . 
when i decide to go shopping , first i will make sure that i have enough time . i am not a typical woman because i hate shopping ! i am lucky if i find something which fits . 
the main reason i hate , there are too many people who are always standing in my way ( or maybe i think in that way ) and i begin to be angry , normally i am looking those people with evil eyes ! 
the main reason i hate it is that there are too many people who are always standing in my way ( or maybe i think in that way ) and i begin to get angry . normally i am looking those people with evil eyes ! 
i mean , it is too crowdy , you have to wait such a long time before you can pay , and mostly all the things are too expensive ! even before you will find a color you like or the right size of the trousers , you were looking for it a long time , has gone ! 
i mean , it is too crowded , you have to wait such a long time before you can pay , and most of the things are too expensive ! even before you find a color you like or the right size of trousers , you have been looking for it a long time , then it's gone ! 
lastly , you can see , my opinion about shopping is not very good , then i think shopping is never enjoyable ! 
lastly , you can see , my opinion about shopping is not very good , because i think shopping is never enjoyable ! 
dear helen:
dear helen:
i've recived your letter and i am pleased to have won because i needed some days to relax myself and to leave the city , which is very extressing . 
i've received your letter and i am pleased to have won because i needed some days to relax and to leave the city , which is very stressful . 
i only can travel on july because i am working in an office and i must ask my boss for a holiday and it's the mounth he can give me , so i hope it isn't a problem for you . 
i only can travel in july can travel in july only because i am working in an office and i must ask my boss for a holiday and it's the month he can give me one , so i hope that isn't a problem for you . 
to spend the two weeks i would prefer to live in tents , that's in my opinion a way to be nearer the enviroment and the animals , although i don't mind living in log cabins . 
i would prefer to spend the two weeks in a tent , that's , in my opinion , a way to be nearer the environment and the animals , although i don't mind staying in log cabins . 
in spite of liking all the sports you wrote in your letter i am only good at climbing and sailing , because i am used to practise them with my father since i was a child . 
in spite of liking all the sports you wrote about in your letter , i am only good at climbing and sailing , because i used to do them with my father when i was a child . 
i have got a doubt , it is not very important , but i would like to know if i need any money or all is payed , the kind of clothes i should wear , if the weather is good or bad . . . and all the extra information you can send me . 
i have got a doubt , it is not very important , but i would like to know if i need any money or if everything is paid for , the kind of clothes i should wear , if the weather is good or bad . . . and all the extra information you can send me . 
thank you very much for the prize . 
thank you very much for the prize . 
yours faithfully . 
yours faithfully . 
eliza vasquez . 
eliza vasquez . 
why people like so much go shopping ? 
why do people like to go shopping so much ? 
in my opinion the majority of the people that go shopping are women who must buy food and other kind of things for her family , so for them , shopping is a very boring activity that is repeated everyday and that drive them crazy when they have to choose the best product and the cheapest price to save some money . 
in my opinion the majority of people who go shopping are women who must buy food and other kinds of things for their families , so , for them , shopping is a very boring activity that is repeated every day and that drives them crazy when they have to choose the best product and the cheapest price to save some money . 
othrewise , there are people who think the opposite ; such as: children , teenagers , men; but not always , because they go to buy hardly ever , only when they need clothes or something for their job or school . in that way shopping can be as funny as you want , although if you do it very often , it will be as an obligation in the future . 
otherwise on the other hand , there are people who think the opposite , such as: children , teenagers , men; but not always , because they go shopping hardly ever hardly ever go shopping - only when they need clothes , or something for their job or school . in that way shopping can be as much fun as you want , although if you do it very often , it will be as an obligation in the future . 
to sum up , all you make in small cuantities is good and funny , but don't encrease them if you don't want to feel uncomfortable . 
to sum up , everything you do in small quantities is good and fun , but don't increase the amount you do if you don't want to feel uncomfortable . 
dear mrs ryan , 
dear mrs ryan , 
i am writing in reply to your letter asking for further information from me . 
i am writing in reply to your letter asking for further information from me . 
first of all , i would like to travel in july because this is the beggining of my holidays , and i would not like to miss some of my school classes . besides , i would preffer to stay in tents , because i got used to being in tents since each summer i spent my holidays with my friends at the hills . 
first of all , i would like to travel in july because this is the beginning of my holidays , and i would not like to miss some of my school classes . besides , i would prefer to stay in a tent , because i got used to being in tents since every summer i spend my holidays i spend my holidays every summer with my friends in the hills . 
in adittion , i would rather playing tennis . when i was younger i won the national tennis championship . i also like surfing , i think it is a dangerous sport , but i know how to practice it , because of the fact that last year a proffessional surfer tought me . 
in addition , i would prefer playing tennis . when i was younger i won the national tennis championship . i also like surfing . i think it is a dangerous sport , but i know how to practise do it , because of the fact that last year a professional surfer taught me . 
however , i would like to know what kind of clothes i should take and if it is possible for you to tell me how much money i will need . 
however , i would like to know what kind of clothes i should take and if it is possible for you to tell me how much money i will need . 
i would appreciate it if you could send me a reply at your earliest convenience . 
i would appreciate it if you could send me a reply at your earliest convenience . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
from my point of view , shopping is not always enjoyable , because sometimes when you are looking for a special good you never find it . besides , i do not like to waste my time just seeing at a wide variety of products , that make you feel confused and you don't know which one fits you , instead of being with my friends or doing something else . 
from my point of view , shopping is not always enjoyable , because sometimes when you are looking for a special item you never find it . besides , i do not like to waste my time just looking at a wide variety of products , that makes you feel confused , and you don't know which item fits you , instead of being with my friends or doing something else . 
i think that when you want to buy something you have to be sure of what you really need , if not the shop assistant has the ability to persuade you to buy something you do not want . moreover in the shops that sales fashionable clothes . although it is wonderful to buy new things , there are times that it really become tiring . 
i think that when you want to buy something you have to be sure of what you really need , if not the shop assistant has the ability to persuade you to buy something you do not want . especially in the shops that sell fashionable clothes . although it is wonderful to buy new things , there are times when it really becomes tiring . 
to summarize , i could say that if you want to buy something , first make sure what sort of product you need and then , go shopping . if not shopping never be enjoyable , but also tiring and boring . 
to summarize , i would say that if you want to buy something , first make sure what sort of product you need and then go shopping . if you don't shopping will never be enjoyable , but only tiring and boring . 
dear helen ryan . i'm so glad to hear i have won first prize in your competition - two weeks at camp california in the u . s . a . thank you for asking me some details . i'd like to travel in july . because i am a university student , i have got classes until the midle of june and i have to attend to a ' development &amp; research conference' at the end of june . otherwise i have to work at a business department office as a assistant from the beginning of aguest . so i will be able to travel in july . accommodation is very important for me as well . i would prefer staying in log cabins . i've got some skin trouble and i can't sleep very well in tents . i have ever slept in tents when i went camping . that time i had to sleep in tent . whole night , i felt backache ands shoulder ache so i couldn't sleep very well . and i've never stayed in log cabins . it sounds wonderful ! could i have the chance to do two activities while i am at the camp ? i'd very much like to do painting and swimming . i am quite good at painting . especially i love water-painting . i really want to paint the countryside of california . it will be fantastic experience for me . actually i can't swimming at all . i'm afraid of water . that why i couldn't have swimmed yet . i think this chance is very good for me to learn to swim . i expect to join above two activities . i want to know how much money i need . you pay for all costs . but i think i'll need some money for clubing or evening events . and please let me know how the weather is . i'll buy some clothes , shoes and a hat . so i must know if it is cold or hot . i'm looking forward to hearing from you as soon as possible your sincerely
dear helen ryan , i'm so glad to hear i have won first prize in your competition - two weeks at camp california in the u . s . a . thank you for asking me for some details . i'd like to travel in july . because i am a university student , i have got classes until the middle of june and i have to attend a ' research and development conference' at the end of june . otherwise i have to work at a business department office as an assistant from the beginning of august . so i will be able to travel in july . accommodation is very important for me as well . i would prefer staying in log cabins . i've got some skin trouble and i can't sleep very well in tents . i have ever slept in tents when i went camping . that time i had to sleep in a tent . the whole night , i felt backache and shoulder ache so i couldn't sleep very well . and i've never stayed in log cabins . it sounds wonderful ! could i have the chance to do two activities while i am at the camp ? i'd very much like to do painting and swimming . i am quite good at painting . i especially love watercolours . i really want to paint the countryside of california . it will be a fantastic experience for me . actually i can't swim at all . i'm afraid of water . that is why i can't swim yet . i think this chance is a very good is a very good chance for me to learn to swim . i expect to join the above two activities . i want to know how much money i need . you pay for all costs . but i think i'll need some money for clubbing or evening events . and please let me know how the weather is . i'm going to buy some clothes , shoes and a hat . so i must know if it is cold or hot . i'm looking forward to hearing from you as soon as possible yours sincerely
shopping is not always enjoyable . 
shopping is not always enjoyable . 
whenever i walk in the street , i always want to go into the every shops . i always want to buy t-shirts , jeans , skirts , cosmetic , hairband , accessories , ring , earings , bracelet , shoes , hats , bags , fancy stationeries , interior stuffs and cd . but it is impossible to buy everything at the same time . i have to chose some of them and i have to give up buying most of them . before i go out home , i make a plan . what is i want to buy and i decide to buy some items . 
whenever i walk in the street , i always want to go into every shop . i always want to buy t-shirts , jeans , skirts , cosmetics , haribands , accessories , rings , earrings , bracelets , shoes , hats , bags , fancy stationery , interior stuff and cds . but it is impossible to buy everything at the same time . i have to choose some of them and i have to give up buying most of them . before i go out , i make a plan . i decide what it is i want to buy and i decide to buy some items . 
but when i stand at every shops , i can't stand my desire . if i have got enough money to buy something what i want to buy , i can buy them and it will be no problem . however , if i haven't got enough money , i will not be able to buy what i want and it will be very big problem . i feel depressed . shopping is not enjoyable any more . i'll think why i'm so poor . but i can get over . i go window shopping . insead of buying something , i buy some fresh food and ice-cream . they make me happy and rich . i can try every shoes , clothes , hats , accessories and jakect on . they are mine ! 
but when i stand outside every shop , i can't resist my desire . if i have got enough money to buy something that i want to buy , i can buy them and it will be no problem . however , if i haven't got enough money , i will not be able to buy what i want and it will be a very big problem . i feel depressed . shopping is not enjoyable any more . i'll think about why i'm so poor . but i can get over it . i go window shopping . instead of buying something , i buy some fresh food and ice-cream . they make me happy and rich . i can try all the shoes , clothes , hats , accessories and jackets on . they are mine ! 
shopping is not always enjoyable . 
shopping is not always enjoyable . 
but if you think positive opinion about shopping , it will make you the happiest and the riches man in the world . 
but if you think positive about shopping , it will make you the happiest and the richest man in the world . 
13 june 2000
13 june 2000
dear mr. ryan , 
dear mr. ryan , 
i am very pleased to be the winer in your competition . i almost could not believe it when i received the letter you had sent . i have never won a prize like this . thank you indeed ! 
i am very pleased to be the winner in your competition . i almost could not believe it when i received the letter you sent . i have never won a prize like this . thank you very much indeed ! 
i am working as a mechanical engineer for a well-known car company and i would like to travel in july because this the only month i can use my annual leave . 
i am working as a mechanical engineer for a well-known car company and i would like to travel in july because this the only month i can use my annual leave . 
during this exciting holiday i would prefer staying in a log cabin . the reason for this is that i have got a difficulty in sleeping in tents . 
during this exciting holiday i would prefer staying in a log cabin . the reason for this is that i have difficulty sleeping in tents . 
when i was at the univercity i was very keen on basket ball and i was playing in univercity's team . in 1998 we were the champion of the first national leque . also i am a quite good swimmer . i think that is because of my long legs . so i would love to join basketball and swimming activities while i am at the camp . 
when i was at the university university i was very keen on basketball and i played for the university's university team . in 1998 we were the champion of the first national league . also i am quite a good swimmer . i think that is because of my long legs . so i would love to take part in basketball and swimming activities while i am at the camp . 
there is something i need to ask you ; 
there is something i need to ask you . 
i don know exactly what is california's weather lime . what kind of clothes i need to bring with me ? also , what is the currency in california and how much money i need to take with me ? 
i don't know exactly what california's weather is like . what kind of clothes do i need to bring with me ? also , what is the currency in california and how much money do i need to take with me ? 
i am looking forward to your reply ! 
i am looking forward to your reply ! 
yours sincerely 
yours sincerely 
shopping is not always enjoyable . 
shopping is not always enjoyable . 
novadays our shopping habits seem to be changed . i can clearly remember my childhood and our only local shop . yes ! there was only one shop in the area where i used to live until we moved to oxford . i was really astonished by all these shopping centers like asda , homebase , ex . 
nowadays our shopping habits seem to have changed . i can clearly remember my childhood and our only local shop . yes ! there was only one shop in the area where i used to live until we moved to oxford . i was really astonished by all these shopping centres , like asda , homebase , etc . 
one day i decided to go to the shopping center which is only 40 meters from our house . firstly , i could not find the entrance . i'd walked arround about 15 minutes until i found the door . i realized that i'd walked so many times in front of the entrance but the door had looked like a window . when i entered into the shope i was a bit angry . 
one day i decided to go to the shopping centre which is only 40 metres from our house . firstly , i could not find the entrance . i'd walked around for about 15 minutes until i found the door . i realized that i'd walked so many times in front of the entrance but the door had looked like a window . when i entered the shop i was a bit angry . 
i was holding a peace of paper which my mum gave to me . there were written all things i had to buy . but no way ! 
i was holding a piece of paper which my mum gave to me . all the things i had to buy were written on it . but no way ! 
i started looking for the food products written on the paper but i found only the eggs , milk and bread . nothing else . so what was all that about ? ! i wasted 2 hours to buy food which you can find in every local shop . 
i started looking for the food products listed on the piece of paper but i found only the eggs , milk and bread . nothing else . so what was all that about ? ! i wasted 2 hours buying food which you can find in every local shop . 
later somebody told me that i had to look at the labels on the top . 
later somebody told me that i had to look at the labels on the top . 
dear ms ryan
dear ms ryan
thank you for your letter . i was so happy to hear that i have won a two weeks holiday in the u . s . a . 
thank you for your letter . i was so happy to hear that i have won a two-week holiday in the u . s . a . 
i would like to travel in july . i am going to finish my exams in june , and i am planning to go back to china in early august . so if i could travel in july , and coming back before 6th of august , that would be great . 
i would like to travel in july . i am going to finish my exams in june , and i am planning to go back to china in early august . so if i could travel in july , and come back before the 6th of august , that would be great . 
i would prefer living in tents to log cabins . i have never had any experience to live in a tent , so i would like to give it a go . i think i will enjoy myself in a tent . 
i would prefer staying in tents to log cabins . i have never had any experience of to stay staying in a tent , so i would like to give it a go . i think i will enjoy myself in a tent . 
i love swimming , but i am not any good at swimming . i really wanted to learn how to swim . i was wondering if there is a coach could give us a lesson during the camp . also , i would like to join basketball team , i used to play basketball when i was in high school , and our high school basketball team have won many competitions during last ten years in our city . i am glad i had taken a part in a few competitions , and i was so proud of our basketball team . 
i love swimming , but i am not any good at swimming . i really want to learn how to swim . i was wondering if there is a coach who could give me a lesson at the camp . also , i would like to join the basketball team . i used to play basketball when i was in high school , and our high school basketball team has won many competitions during the last ten years in our city . i am glad i have taken part in a few competitions , and i was so proud of our basketball team . 
would you tell me that how much money you would give it to me and how is the weather like in u . s . a . thank you for every thing ! 
would you tell me how much money you will give to me and what the weather is like in the u . s . a . thank you for everything ! 
yours faithfully 
yours sincerely 
dear kim , 
dear kim , 
it was great to hear from you , haven't seen you since last summer holiday , hope everything is fine in your place . 
it was great to hear from you , haven't seen you since last summer holiday , hope everything is fine at your place . 
you wanted to hear about my experience at the pop concert which i enjoyed helping last month ? i must say that was a great fun , i've never had this kind of experience before . before the concert actually started i had to give out lots of leaflets , they are list of pop band and group which will appear in the concert in order , and some information about their performance and backgrounds . after that , i had to help people who had a ticket but can't find their seat . during the concert , i didn't have a lot to do , so i had chance to see most of the performance , that was excellent . i was excited that i had a closer look at so many famous pop stars . during break time i did give a lots of direction to people who can't find toilet , and information such as where they could have a cup of coffee . that was bit boring , but it was part of my job . 
you wanted to hear about my experience at the pop concert which i enjoyed helping at last month ? i must say that was great fun . i'd never had this kind of experience before . before the concert actually started i had to give out lots of leaflets . they were lists of pop bands and groups which would appear in the concert in order , and some information about their performance and backgrounds . after that , i had to help people who had a ticket but couldn't find their seat . during the concert , i didn't have a lot to do , so i had a chance to see most of the performance . that was excellent . i was excited that i had a closer look at so many famous pop stars . during the break time i did give a lot of directions to people who couldn't find the toilet , and gave people information such as where they could have a cup of coffee . that was a bit boring , but it was part of my job . 
i got to go . write to you next time . 
i have got to go . write to you next time . 
love
love
dear sir &amp; madam
dear sir &amp; madam
thank you for your letter . i'm writing this letter to tell you some further information that you need . 
thank you for your letter . i'm writing this letter to tell you some further information that you need . 
first of all , i'd like to travel in july because i have to work except that month . july is the only month that i can be free . 
first of all , i'd like to travel in july because i have to work every month except that month . july is the only month that i can be free . 
i prefer staying in tents because it is unusual experience for me . also i'd like to have the chance to play tennis and sailing at the camp . talking about tennis , i used to play it for about five years when i was a child . i think i'm much better than a beginner . but i never had a chance to enjoy sailing . i'd like to try this time . 
i prefer staying in tents because it is an unusual experience for me . also i'd like to have the chance to play tennis and try sailing at the camp . talking about tennis , i used to play it for about five years when i was a child . i think i'm much better than a beginner . but i never had a chance to enjoy sailing . i'd like to try this time . 
now , i have two questions about camping . first , what clothes should i bring ? is it hot enough ? i've never been to california , therefore please let me know about the weather there . second , how much money to i need ? i haven't a clue about it . i'd like to know some examples . 
now , i have two questions about camping . first , what clothes should i bring ? is it hot enough ? i've never been to california , therefore please let me know about the weather there . second , how much money do i need ? i haven't a clue about it . i'd like to know some examples . 
i'm waiting for your reply . 
i'm waiting for your reply . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
dear kim
dear kim
it was so nice to hear from you last time . thank you very much . 
it was so nice to hear from you last time . thank you very much . 
as i mentioned before , i really enjoyed helping at a pop concert last month , the artist's name was " bonny pink " who is famous in my country . i could enjoy her music very much . 
as i mentioned before , i really enjoyed helping at a pop concert last month . the artist's name was " bonny pink " , who is famous in my country . i could enjoy her music very much . 
my job was looking after her when she had a break time . i guided her to a rest room and served her a cup of tea , and so on . i thought it was most exciting job . actually , i could have a chance to ask her about music , her favorite artist and her hobby . i was impressed when i heard that she liked playing puzzle alone . she seemed to be very active woman when she was singing but at the same time she had very gentle attitude when she spoke to me . i became a fan of her . 
my job was looking after her when she had a break time . i guided her to a rest room and served her a cup of tea , and so on . i thought it was a most exciting job . actually , i could have a chance to ask her about music , her favourite artist and her hobby . i was impressed when i heard that she liked doing puzzles alone . she seemed to be a very active woman when she was singing but at the same time she had a very gentle attitude when she spoke to me . i became a fan of her . 
it was very interesting experience for me . i wish you were there . but don't worry kim , i'll send you a copy of her cd for you . i hope you can enjoy . 
it was a very interesting experience for me . i wish you had been there . but don't worry kim , i'll send you a copy of her cd for you . i hope you can enjoy it . 
anyway it's the time to go to bed . take care of yourself , kim . i'm waiting for your letter . 
anyway it's time to go to bed . take care of yourself , kim . i'm waiting for your letter . 
love
love
dear ms ryan , 
dear ms ryan , 
thank you for your letter . i am very happy to hear that i have won the first prize . i am writing to inform you about my requests . i also have some questions . 
thank you for your letter . i am very happy to hear that i have won the first prize . i am writing to inform you about my requests . i also have some questions . 
first , i was wondering if i could travel in july . i am working at a language school . due to a shortage of teachers in summer i can take holiday only in july . second , i would like to sleep in a tent because i have never slept in a tent and i have wanted to sleep there . third , i have chosen 'tennis' and 'photography' for my activities at the camp . i have been playing tennis for over ten years . in addition , i have been teaching children to play tennis for three years . i took up taking photos four years ago . since then i have entered ten competitions and won the first prize three times . 
first , i was wondering if i could travel in july . i am working at a language school . due to a shortage of teachers in summer i can take holiday only in july . second , i would like to sleep in a tent because i have never slept in a tent and i have wanted to sleep there . third , i have chosen 'tennis' and 'photography' as my activities at the camp . i have been playing tennis for over ten years . in addition , i have been teaching children to play tennis for three years . i took up taking photos four years ago . since then i have entered ten competitions and won the first prize three times . 
finally , could you please let me know what kind of clothes i should take with me ? i would also like to know how much money i should take with me . 
finally , could you please let me know what kind of clothes i should take with me ? i would also like to know how much money i should take with me . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you and travelling to the u . s . a . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you and travelling to the u . s . a . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
chi kimura
chi kimura
dear kim , 
dear kim , 
last month i helped at a pop concert . the name of the band was 'dream comes true' . this bank is not only in japan but also in the u . s . a very famous . i am still excited while i am writing to you about my experience . 
last month i helped at a pop concert . the name of the band was 'dream comes true' . this band is very famous not only in japan but also in the usa . i am still excited while i am writing to you about my experience . 
first , i helped to prepare the stage before the band arrived . the music instruments were transported from the lorries ( three big lorries ! ) into the concert hall and i helped to put them at the right position on the stage . they were very heavy and i had to carry them with care because they were very important for the band . after that i helped to test lights and microphones . i almost fainted when the band arrived and entered the stage . i am a fan of this band and i have never seen them in flesh . 
first , i helped to prepare the stage before the band arrived . the musical instruments were transported from the lorries ( three big lorries ! ) into the concert hall and i helped to put them in the right position on the stage . they were very heavy and i had to carry them with care because they were very important to the band . after that i helped to test lights and microphones . i almost fainted when the band arrived and entered the stage . i am a fan of this band and i have never seen them in the flesh . 
the most exciting thing about my experience was that the band spoke to me after the concert . the band was very satisfied with the stage and appreciated our work . i was so exited and happy that i can't remember what i talked with the band . 
the most exciting thing about my experience was that the band spoke to me after the concert . the band was very satisfied with the stage and appreciated our work . i was so excited and happy that i can't remember what i talked with the band about . 
i want to help at a pop concert again ! 
i want to help at a pop concert again ! 
i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
best wishes , 
best wishes , 
dear ms helen ryan , 
dear ms helen ryan , 
thanks a lot for your briefly and nice letter . i am very pleased to give you the information required:
thanks a lot for your brief and nice letter . i am very pleased to give you the information required:
firstly , the most suitable month would be in july because i am very busy in my work now , and my children are in holiday then . 
firstly , the most suitable month would be july because i am very busy with my work now , and my children are on holiday then . 
secondly , i prefer to stay in log cabins , because they are more comfortable . i confess you that i have never been in a tent and till now i have never had the intention to do it . 
secondly , i prefer to stay in log cabins , because they are more comfortable . i confess that i have never been in a tent and i have never had any intention of doing it . 
the activities are really interesting and i would take part on painting and climbing . i am not very good painting , but i like it because is a good oportunity to practice it . personally , climbing is an interesting activity , where you need concentration and you are working with your whole body . i don't want to dissapoint you , but i am beginner ! i choose these activities because i love challenges . 
the activities are really interesting and i would take part in painting and climbing . i am not very good at painting , but i choose it because it is a good opportunity to practise do it . personally , climbing is an interesting activity , where you need concentration and you are working with your whole body . i don't want to disappoint you , but i am beginner ! i choose these activities because i love challenges . 
i would appreciate if you can tell me a couple of ideas about clothes i need there . thanks in advance . 
i would appreciate it if you could give me a couple of ideas about the clothes i will need there . thanks in advance . 
sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
g . ramos
g . ramos
wuthering heights - emily bront
wuthering heights - emily bront
not only bad characters in a story are more interesting than the good ones , but also this take your attention . 
not only are bad characters in a story more interesting than good ones , but also they hold your attention . 
in this book , heathcliff as a child hadn't a bad character but the situations lived with the family earnshaw , where the grown up , made him rude , agresive and noisy . 
in this book , heathcliff as a child wasn't a bad character , but the situations he lived through with the earnshaw family , where he grew up , made him rude , aggressive and noisy . 
heathcliff used to play with catherine . they were good friends but heanly , brother of catherine , hatted heathcliff . heanley couldn't accept the good relationship and love between catherine and heathcliff and , for that reason he sent heathcliff to work in the farm . in the mean time catherine knew edgar linton and at the end she married edgar because of money and good education . 
heathcliff used to play with catherine . they were good friends but heanly , catherine's brother , hated heathcliff . heanley couldn't accept the good relationship and love between catherine and heathcliff and , for that reason , he sent heathcliff to work on the farm . in the meantime catherine met edgar linton and in the end she married edgar because of he money and good education . 
heathcliff promised himself and worked his whole life taking a revenge . before heathcliff died he riched what he wanted . the houses and money of the families earnshaw and linton , all belonged to him . and he was buried near to catherine ! , his great and only love ! 
heathcliff promised to avenge himself and dedicated his whole life to taking his revenge . before heathcliff died he reached achieved what he wanted . the houses and money of the earnshaw and linton families all belonged to him , and he was buried near to catherine , his great and only love ! 
geneva , 13th june 2000
geneva , 13th june 2000
dear mrs ryan
dear mrs ryan
thank you a lot for your kind letter . i was very surprised on the result of the competition . now i am happy to give you all the information you need . 
thank you very much for your kind letter . i was very surprised at the result of the competition . now i am happy to give you all the information you need . 
i think it would be better for me to travel on july . i will started an italian course in august , so it will be impossible for me to leave . 
i think it would be better for me to travel in july . i will start an italian course in august , so it will be impossible for me to leave then . 
in your letter you ask me to choose beetween tents or log cabins , well i prefer to stay in a log cabin . it is more confortable and i am afraid about wild animals . i saw , you offer a lot of activities , that'is fantastic ! it is very difficult to decide which two of these activities i like and i can also do the best . i think i choose singing because i have sung for five years in a church chorus and i do it very well . the other activity i like very muche is swimming . i took part at a lot of competitions . 
in your letter you ask me to choose between tents or log cabins . well i prefer to stay in a log cabin . it is more comfortable and i am afraid of wild animals . i saw you offer a lot of activities . that's fantastic ! it is very difficult to decide which two of these activities i like most and i can also do best . i think i will choose singing because i have sung for five years in a church choir and i do it very well . the other activity i like very much is swimming . i have taken part in a lot of competitions . 
now i would like to ask you if wee need some money and if it is necessary to take with me special clothes . i hope i have give to you all the information you needed and i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
now i would like to ask you if we need some money and if it is necessary to take with me special clothes . i hope i have given to you all the information you need and i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
b . mller
b . mller
geneva , 13th june 2000
geneva , 13th june 2000
dear kim
dear kim
i am happy to tell you about the experience i made at the pop concert last month . 
i am happy to tell you about the experience i had at the pop concert last month . 
i had to start very early in the morning , at 7 . 30 . we first had to prapare the stands with food and drinks and buy something which had been forgotten . then we had to put on the night lights and decorate the whole room . 
i had to start very early in the morning , at 7 . 30 . first we had to prepare the stands with food and drink and buy something which had been forgotten . then we had to turn on the night lights and decorate the whole room . 
in the afternoon the singers cames in and i also could have an interview with ricky martin . i was very excited ! he is very beatiful ! at the end of the interview he invites me to have dinner with him after the concert . i logically accepted . the interview i liked particularly before the concert started , we had to verify all music instruments . the microphones all had to be controlled . fortunatly we had no problem . the concert was a success . i was very proude of me and the work i had done . after concert i left with ricky martin . we went to a nice restaurant and enjoyed dinner together . 
in the afternoon the singers came in and i also could have an interview with ricky martin . i was very excited ! he is very beautiful ! at the end of the interview he invited me to have dinner with him after the concert . i naturally accepted . i particularly liked the interview . before the concert started , we had to check all the musical instruments . the microphones all had to be checked . fortunately we had no problem . the concert was a success . i was very proud of myself and the work i had done . after the concert i left with ricky martin . we went to a nice restaurant and enjoyed dinner together . 
i am sure my dear kim , i will never forget that wonderful experience . 
i am sure , my dear kim , i will never forget that wonderful experience . 
now i hope you will answer soon and tell me a bit of your adventure or experience you had in last time . 
now i hope you will answer soon and tell me a bit about your adventure or experience you had in last time . 
lot of kisses
lots of kisses
your friend bm
your friend bm
dear miss ryan , 
dear miss ryan , 
i am writing in reply to your letter , informing me that i have won the prize in your competition which is two weeks at camp california in the u . s . a . 
i am writing in reply to your letter informing me that i have won a prize in your competition which is two weeks at camp california in the u . s . a . 
i am really pleased to hear that the prize includes accommodation . i would like to stay in a tent , because i have been camping nearly every summer since my childhood and i really love it . 
i am really pleased to hear that the prize includes accommodation . i would like to stay in a tent , because i have been camping nearly every summer since my childhood and i really love it . 
i would be really happy if i could apply singing and photography as the activities you have written about . singing has been my only hobby since i was 5 . i could say that i am quite good at it . however , i used to assist my brother , who is a profecional photographer . so that , i consider myself expirienced enough . 
i would be really happy if i could choose singing and photography from activities you have listed . singing has been my only hobby since i was 5 . i could say that i am quite good at it . also , i used to assist my brother , who is a professional photographer , so i consider myself experienced fairly fairly experienced . 
i would like to ask you whether going there in july is possible . i am afraid that july is the only appropriate month , because i am due to start work in august . 
i would like to ask you whether going there in july is possible . i am afraid that july is the only possible month , because i am due to start work in august . 
finally , i would like to ask you for further information about spending allowance and the clothes which i am supposed to take . 
finally , i would like to ask you for further information about the spending allowance and the clothes which i should take . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
dear kim , 
dear kim , 
i'm sorry i haven't written for so long . but i've been quite busy just recently . 
i'm sorry i haven't written for so long but i've been quite busy just recently . 
last month , i helped at a pop concert which i really enjoyed . the singer , who took place , wasn't one of my favourites , but having the opportunity to experience being stuff there , was just amazing . i was just behind the stage . i was supposed to help my friend with the lights , so that i could see all that screaming like made crowd . i even saw crying girls , who were trying to reach the pop-singer . 
last month , i helped out at a pop concert , which i really enjoyed . the singer who performed wasn't one of my favourites , but having the opportunity to experience being a member of staff there was just amazing . i was just behind the stage . i was supposed to help my friend with the lights , so i could see all the screaming like mad crowd crowd screaming like mad . i even saw crying girls who were trying to reach the pop singer . 
do you know what kim , i've never thought before , that enjoying yourself like this , could be weirdly . i think you never realize this , until you're not a part of the crowd . but i'm really happy , that i had even small role in making people enjoying themselves . i mean , all that flashing lights , the changing colours of them , i believe they helped much . even though i was just telling my friend what the next composition of colours was , i consider myself being very successful . 
do you know what kim , i've never thought before that enjoying yourself like this could be weirdly . i think you never realize this until you're not a part of the crowd . but i'm really happy that i had even a small role in helping people enjoy themselves . i mean , all those flashing lights , with their changing colours , i believe they helped a lot . even though i was just telling my friend what the next composition of colours was , i consider myself to have been very successful . 
and finally , the greatest news . i was introduced to the singer by my friend , who works for him . this was maybe the best part of being there . he was so nice and he even gave me his picture whit his signature on it . i suppose , i will never forget that night . 
and finally , the greatest news : i was introduced to the singer by my friend , who works for him . this was maybe the best part of being there . he was so nice and he even gave me his picture with his signature on it . i suppose i will never forget that night . 
that's about all my news , i'm looking forward hearing from you . 
that's about all my news , i'm looking forward to hearing from you . 
lots of love , 
lots of love , 
thank you very much for this occasion i'd like to travel only in july , because , in the rest of the year , i'm working in a bank . the second reason is the weather . i love travelling when the weather is warm . about the accommodation , i'd prefer to stay in log cabins , because for me and my family's more comfortable . i have a baby and three dogs , so it should be better in log cabins . 
thank you very much for this opportunity . i'd like to travel only in july , because , for the rest of the year , i'm working in a bank . the second reason is the weather . i love travelling when the weather is warm . regarding the accommodation , i'd prefer to stay in a log cabin , because for me and my family it is more comfortable it is more comfortable for me and my family . i have a baby and three dogs , so it should be better in a log cabin . 
i'd like spend all of time in a swimming-pool because i love swimming . i like also surfing , because i love the wind in the hair and the fresh on my body . 
i'd like spend all of my time in a swimming pool because i love swimming . i also like surfing , because i love the wind in my hair and the fresh on my body . 
only one question about a baby's accomodation . may i have a babysitter ? i'd like to have more free time for myself and my health . 
i have only one question about the baby's accommodation . may i have a babysitter ? i'd like to have more free time for myself and my health . 
i've never been there , so it will be a pleasure for me . 
i've never been there , so it will be a pleasure for me . 
let me say still thank you . 
let me say again thank you thank you again . 
i'm looking forward to meting you
i'm looking forward to meeting you
best regards
best regards
irene venerio
irene venerio
dear kim , 
dear kim , 
how are you ? i'm fine . i'm sorry i didn't write you before , but i was so busy with my exams . 
how are you ? i'm fine . i'm sorry i didn't write to you before , but i was so busy with my exams . 
first of all , i want to tell you what happened last month . do you remember which is my favourite group ? so , you don't believe me , but i enjoed helping at a oasis's pop concert . i was a great and wonderful experience . the group needs to found a good microphone for the concert , because the singer lost his microphone last concert . me and my friend were there to hear the sound-check , and when i understood was happing on the stage , i decided to help them . of course you know , i'm a singer , so i came back quigky to my home , i picked my microphone , and i handed it to the singer . 
first of all , i want to tell you what happened last month . do you remember which is my favourite group ? so , you won't believe me , but i enjoyed helping at an oasis concert . it was a great and wonderful experience . the group needed to find a good microphone for the concert , because the singer lost his microphone last concert . me and my friend were there to hear the sound-check , and when i understood what was happening on the stage , i decided to help them . of course you know i'm a singer , so i came back quickly to my home , i picked up my microphone , and i handed it to the singer . 
the concert was absolutely fantastic . i was so glad , because in the ending of show the singer kissed me and dedicated to me a lovely song . can you immagine ? ok , write me soon , huge hug and kisses
the concert was absolutely fantastic . i was so glad , because at the end of the show the singer kissed me and dedicated a lovely song to me . can you imagine ? ok , write to me soon , huge hug and kisses
yours irene
yours irene
14th june 2000
14th june 2000
dear miss ryan , 
dear miss ryan , 
i am really pleased to be the winner of your competition and i cannot help thinking about the two weeks in the usa . 
i am really pleased to be the winner of your competition and i cannot help thinking about the two weeks in the usa . 
first of all , i would like to travel only in june given that my wife will come with me : her holiday are only in june . 
first of all , i would like to travel only in june , given that my wife will come with me ; her holidays are only in june . 
concerning accommodation at camp california , would it be possible to live in log cabins ? indeed , my wife is afraid of sleeping in tents . 
concerning accommodation at camp california , would it be possible to stay in a log cabin ? my wife is afraid of sleeping in tents . 
moreover , i practice basketball in a famous french club : that is the reason why i would like to choose the basketball . if i had to chose an other activity , i think i would do photography . in fact , this activity seems to be very interresting . unfortunately , i have never practiced but i feel to like discovering that . 
i practise play basketball in a famous french club ; that is the reason why i would like to choose the basketball . if i had to choose another activity , i think i would do photography . in fact , this activity seems to be very interesting . unfortunately , i have never practised tried but i feel like trying it . 
finally , i would want to ask you whether we had to bring money : life is so expensive there ! furthermore , what sort of clothes must we have for the different activities ? 
finally , i would like to ask you whether we have to bring any money . life is so expensive there ! furthermore , what sort of clothes must we have for the different activities ? 
i hope my answers will satisfy you . i thank you again . 
i hope my answers will satisfy you . i thank you again . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
tom turner
tom turner
after having thought about this video and asked different people so as to know what they suggested , i reached the following conclusions: we must film the lessons which are the most important and the activities which take a great part in a day at school; this being in three parts . 
after having thought about this video and asked various people so as to know what they suggested , i reached the following conclusions: we must film the lessons which are the most important and the activities which take up a great part of a day at school; this being in three parts . 
the morning
the morning
that is why i propose to start our film with the beginning of the day , when all students come in class . then , we should film the english class so as to show who makes the film . furthermore , as mathematics are the main lesson in the morning , we ought to film a time where we are in mathclass 
that is why i propose to start our film with the beginning of the day , when all the students come into the classroom . then , we should film the english class so as to show who made the film . furthermore , as mathematics is the main lesson in the morning , we ought to film at a time when we are in the maths class . 
the lunch
the lunch
after that could come the lunch which takes two hours per day . the better to do would be to present the cooking personnal for they are very nice . 
after that we could go to lunch , which takes two hours per day . the best thing to do would be to show the cooking personnel because they are very nice . 
the afternoon
the afternoon
we could begin the afternoon with the sport , showing the different places with surroundings ( near the wild ) : it would give a good impression . i advise to finish with a lesson of chemistry so that people see the laboratery . before that , i would have showed the break at 3 o'clock which is important for us . 
we could begin the afternoon with sport , showing the different places with their surroundings ( near the wild ) : it would give a good impression . i advise finishing with a lesson of chemistry chemistry lesson so that people see the laboratory . before that , i would have shown the break at 3 o'clock , which is important for us . 
dear miss ryan . 
dear miss ryan , 
i am writing to inform the further information about myself . i was very glad to hear that i won the competition . 
i am writing to give you the further information about myself . i was very glad to hear that i had won the competition . 
first of all , i can only travel in july . i have a summer holiday from at the end of june to at the begging of september as i am a student , but i am planing to work in august as a part-time job . so that's the reason why i can not travel in august . i prefer to stay in tents rather than log cabins , because i have had a camping once and i stayed in tents . it was great to have a fun and also it was very good memorise . as you said i will have the opportunity to do two activities . i am quite good at singing and i have a talent about singing that i can entertain people by singing . in addition i am keen on swimming but actually i am not very good at swimming because i have just started to learn swimming but i have really been enjoying it and i think it will be good chance to improve my swimming . 
first of all , i can only travel in july . i have a summer holiday from the end of june to the beginning of september as i am a student , but i am planning to work in august in a part-time job . so that's the reason why i cannot travel in august . i prefer to stay in tents rather than log cabins because i have been camping once and i stayed in tents . it was great to have fun and also it was very good memories . as you said i will have the opportunity to do two activities . i am quite good at singing and i have a talent for singing that means i can entertain people by singing . in addition i am keen on swimming but actually i am not very good at swimming because i have just started to learn to swim but i have really been enjoying it and i think it will be a good chance to improve my swimming . 
in fact , i have some questions that how much money i will need , what else i have to bring with and if i have a emergency what you can do for . 
in fact , i have some questions about how much money i will need , what else i have to bring with me and if i have a emergency what you can do for . 
once again , i am very happy to have such a good opportunity and i hope this letter can bring what you want to know about me . thank you for your attention . 
once again , i am very happy to have such a good opportunity and i hope this letter tells you what you want to know about me . thank you for your attention . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
lee . han
lee . han
these days , there are so many people like shopping that it is one of the important part in our life . it is not , however , always enjoyable that there are both advantages and disadvantages . 
these days , there are so many people who like shopping that it is one of the important parts of our life . it is not , however , always enjoyable and there are both advantages and disadvantages . 
first of all , there are quite many advantages of shopping are that it can be the solvation of our stress and boring . when you are under stress or when you are bored , if you go to shopping , then at least it can be motive to change your mode . also shopping makes people happier by using a lot of money and it influnce even economic situation more flexably . 
first of all , there are quite a lot of advantages to shopping , which are that it can be the solution to our stress and boredom . when you are under stress or when you are bored , if you go shopping , then at least it can be a motive to change your mood . also shopping makes people happier by costing a lot of money and it influence even even influences the economic situation more flexibly . 
there are , in contrast , disadvantages at the same time . when we are having a shopping , we often find that the place where people often go for a shopping is too crowed and it makes us more tired . also there are plenty of dangerous that lots of people have wallet stollen because it is a public place and there are too many people . in addition shop owner often cheat their customers by increasing the cost secreatly . the customer can never know what price is the normal unless they have a same shop or same thing . 
there are , in contrast , disadvantages at the same time . when we are shopping , we often find that the place where people often go for shopping is too crowded and it makes us more tired . also there are plenty of dangers since lots of people have their wallet stolen because it is a public place and there are too many people . in addition , shop owners often cheat their customers by increasing the cost secretly . the customer can never know what price is the normal one unless they have the same shop or the same thing . 
to sum up , shopping is very important part of our life and we can have a lot of fun , however it is not always enjoyable which means we can not find only advantages from it . 
to sum up , shopping is a very important part of our life and we can have a lot of fun , however it is not always enjoyable which means we cannot find only advantages to it . 
tuesdy 13th , june , 2000
tuesdy 13th , june , 2000
dear ms ryan , 
dear ms ryan , 
i am writing in response to your letter about the first prize in the competition . 
i am writing in response to your letter about the first prize in the competition . 
i am very looking forward to going to california and i would like to go in july , because i am going to have my summer holidays in that month . 
i am really looking forward to going to california and i would like to go in july , because i am going to have my summer holidays in that month . 
about accommodation , i would prefer log cabins , because i have a problem in my back . therefore , i need to sleep in a bed . also tents are not fairly comfortable . 
about accommodation , i would prefer a log cabin , because i have a problem with my back . therefore , i need to sleep in a bed . also tents are not very comfortable . 
as far as camp activities concerned , i have been doing windsurfing for 5 years , for that reason , i am fairly interested in sailing . on the other hand , i keen on painting , however , i have never painted in my life , so i would like to try it . 
as far as camp activities are concerned , i have been doing windsurfing for 5 years and , for that reason , i am fairly interested in sailing . on the other hand , i am keen on painting , however , i have never painted in my life , so i would like to try it . 
finally , i was wondering what kind of clothes i have to wear in california ? in addition , could you advice me how much money i need for the trip ? and is there anything else do i have to know ? 
finally , i was wondering what kind of clothes i have to wear in california ? in addition , could you advise me how much money i need for the trip ? and is there anything else i have to know ? 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
13/06/00
13/06/00
hello kim , 
hello kim , 
i've received your letter two days ago and i'm quite happy to know that you passed f . c . e . i'm ok and let me tell you about my last experience . 
i received your letter two days ago and i'm quite happy to know that you passed f . c . e . i'm ok and let me tell you about my recent experience . 
i went to madrid last week and i was walking in the street when somebody asked me an address . i looked at him and i realised that this person was david bowie . yes ! ! ! i couldn't believe it . 
i went to madrid last week and i was walking in the street when somebody asked me for an address . i looked at him and i realised that this person was david bowie . yes ! ! ! i couldn't believe it . 
he was trying to speak in spanish , but his accent was terrible . so , i started to speak in english with him . i explained to him where was the street that he was looking for and we carried out with the conversation for a while . 
he was trying to speak in spanish , but his accent was terrible . so , i started to speak in english with him . i explained to him where the street was that he was looking for and we carried on with the conversation for a while . 
i thought he was very rude , but i was wrong , he isn't arrogant at all and he looks very simply . 
i thought he was very rude , but i was wrong , he isn't arrogant at all and he looks very simply . 
i liked my experience with him and i think the best part was when he gave me his e-mail address . yeah ! ! ! i'm not joking , i got his e-mail . 
i liked my experience with him and i think the best part was when he gave me his e-mail address . yeah ! ! ! i'm not joking , i got his e-mail . 
well my friend , i have to go , because i got an appoinment with the dentist . write me soon and take care . 
well my friend , i have to go , because i have got an appointment with the dentist . write to me soon and take care . 
best wishes
best wishes
dir madam ! 
dear madam ! 
i'm realy enjoyed i won your competition ! 
i'm really pleased i won your competition ! 
i'll give you nessesserly information about me . 
i'll give you the necessary information about me . 
the most suitable time for me is jule because in august i intend to go in the countryside , where i have a small farm . in september my school starts a new study year . so , because of that i can only then . 
the most suitable time for me is july because in august i intend to go to the countryside , where i have a small farm . in september my school starts a new study year . so , because of that i can only then . 
i'd like to stay in the log cabins , because i don't like wet places like tends after rain . 
i'd like to stay in the log cabins , because i don't like wet places like tents after rain . 
you ofer me a lot of activities . i play basketball and tennis very well . i went to try surfing and climbing because i've never done it . 
you offer me a lot of activities . i play basketball and tennis very well . i want to try surfing and climbing because i've never done it . 
i've got also two questions . how much money i need to stay at camp california and what kind of clothes i should take with me ? 
i've also got two questions . how much money do i need to stay at camp california and what kind of clothes should i take with me ? 
please let me know ! 
please let me know ! 
regards ! 
regards ! 
dear kim ! 
dear kim ! 
thank you for your letter , which arrived this morning . i'm glad you're doing well . 
thank you for your letter , which arrived this morning . i'm glad you're doing well . 
you'd like to know how was the top-pop concert , which i helped to organise last month . it was absolutlly great ! i was responsible about a security of one of the sectors . i gave information about correct ways to another places like tooletes and medical points . i was also asked about a timetable of the concert and i looked for drugs , knifes and so on in bags . although i worked i watched the concert . i was big fun ! people danced , screamed and sung with a singer . i looked very carefully at organisation of the event , you know i'm interestsing in it . 
you'd like to know how the top-pop concert was , which i helped to organise last month . it was absolutely great ! i was responsible for the security of one of the sectors . i gave information about correct ways to other places like toilets and medical points . i was also asked about the timetable of the concert and i looked for drugs , knives and so on in bags . although i worked i watched the concert . it was great fun ! people danced , screamed and sang with the singer . i looked very carefully at the organisation of the event , you know i'm interesting interested in it . 
ok . i'd better stop now because i'm going to go to a library . 
ok . i'd better stop now because i'm going to go to the library . 
i look forward to hear some news from you ! 
i look forward to hearing some news from you ! 
take care ! 
take care ! 
dear miss helen ryan
dear miss helen ryan
i was so suprise to hear from you . i couldn't believe that i had won the first prize on the competition . i'm so happy because it is the first time that i win something . 
i was so surprise surprised to hear from you . i couldn't believe that i had won the first prize in the competition . i'm so happy because it is the first time that i have won something . 
here it is all your information . i would like if you could to have my vacation trip on july because is the only time of the year that my job could let me have a vacation . as for the accommodation i would prefer the tent because it is my first time that i'm going to camping and i would like to see how the real life is . i was so thrilled when i saw that i could do some activities also . i would like to choose swimming and the climbing . i'm a very good swimmer but i don't know anything about climbing that's why i choose it because i want to try something knew . at last i would like to ask you about my clothes and how the weather is going to be and what kind of clothes i must to take with me . that is all . 
here is all your information . i would like it if i could have my vacation in july because it is the only time of the year that my employer will let me have a vacation . as for the accommodation i would prefer the tent because it will be the first time that i've been camping and i would like to see how the real life is . i was so thrilled when i saw that i could do some activities as well . i would like to choose swimming and climbing . i'm a very good swimmer but i don't know anything about climbing . that's why i chose it because i want to try something new . finally i would like to ask you about my clothes and what the weather is going to be like and what kind of clothes i must take with me . that is all . 
thank you for making my dream come true 
thank you for making my dream come true . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
everyone has likes and dislikes . but noone is doing what he likes all the time . there is times that you have to do something even if you don't like it , and times that you are doing what you like but not the time you like it . what i'm trying to say is that i like to shop but i can't do that all the time . first because i'm not so rich and second because i don't enjoy to shop all the time . nothing in life is always enjoyable even the things we enjoy to do , and that's how life is . you say you enjoy shopping i understand but life goes on you can't do the same things every day . live your life and try to do different things and you will see that to do different things is exciting and more fun . you don't have to be bored with the same old things . 
everyone has likes and dislikes . but no one does what he likes all the time . there are times when you have to do something even if you don't like it , and times when you are doing what you like but not at the time you would like to . what i'm trying to say is that i like to shop but i can't do that all the time . first because i'm not so rich and second because i don't enjoy shopping all the time . nothing in life is always enjoyable , not even the things we enjoy doing , and that's how life is . you say you enjoy shopping . i understand but life goes on . you can't do the same things every day . live your life and try to do different things and you will see that doing different things is exciting and more fun . you don't have to be bored with the same old things . 
because as i said to do what you like is good only if you do it when you like it and how you like it and remember if you have long time to do something the you enjoy it more . 
because as i said doing what you like is good only if you do it when you like and how you like and remember if you have a long time to do something you enjoy it more . 
dears mr. helen ryan , 
dears mr. ryan , 
i was really greatful when i recieved your letter which informed me that i have won first prize in your competition . 
i was really grateful when i received your letter which informed me that i have won first prize in your competition . 
i would like to make this trip the first week or the last week of july . because my school finishes end of june and i will have a month break after that i have to do a computing course which i have already applied for it . could you possibly tell me , at camp california will i stay in tents or log cabins . personily i prefer to stay in log cabins because they are much more comfortable than tents . 
i would like to make this trip the first week or the last week of july because my school finishes at the end of june and i will have a month's break and after that . i have to do a computing course which i have already applied for . could you possibly tell me , at camp california will i stay in tents or log cabins ? personally i prefer to stay in log cabins because they are much more comfortable than tents . 
i really enjoy swimming and playing tennis . unfortunetley i am not good at both of them . maybe i will have time to do enough practise as much as i always wanted to do . 
i really enjoy swimming and playing tennis . unfortunately i am not good at either of them . maybe i will have time to do enough practice , as much as i always wanted to do . 
could you tell me what sort of clothes i would need to bring with me and will i need any extra money for this holiday . 
could you tell me what sort of clothes i would need to bring with me and will i need any extra money for this holiday ? 
i look forward to hearing from you soon ! 
i look forward to hearing from you soon ! 
yours sincerly , 
yours sincerely , 
dear kim , 
dear kim , 
i don't know where to start but i can say it was the greatest time i have ever had . 
i don't know where to start but i can say it was the best time i have ever had . 
as i mentioned you before friend of mine , she is a stage assistant and she needed a help for that pop concert last month . 
as i mentioned to you before , a friend of mine is a stage assistant and she needed help with that pop concert last month . 
i told her if she need help i would be happy to help her . next day when i went there i have met lots of people very famous and very friendly . it took us almost a month to prepare for this concert . 
i told her if she needed help , i would be happy to help her . next day , when i went there , i met lots of people who were very famous and very friendly . it took us almost a month to prepare for this concert . 
you wouldn't believe how hard it was . the stage was covered with all sort of light and we made it look like a waterfall . 
you wouldn't believe how hard it was . the stage was covered with all sorts of light and we made it look like a waterfall . 
the waterfall made by real rock so that was the worst bit because they were really heavy and we had to carry them , but the end of moth when the concert started , it was all over . 
the waterfall was made from real rock so that was the worst bit because it was really heavy and we had to carry it , but at the end of the month when the concert started , it was all over . 
i sung and dance all day . i have lots of memory which i could never forget . 
i sang and danced all day . i have lots of memories which i could never forget . 
i wish you were there . 
i wish you were there . 
i hope you shared my happiness with me . 
i wish you shared my happiness with me . 
lots of love , 
lots of love , 
13 june 2000
13 june 2000
dear helen ryan , 
dear helen ryan , 
according to your letter , i am writing to infrom you about the information you need to know for my trip two weeks at camp california in the u . s . a . 
with regard to your letter , i am writing to inform give you the information you need to know regarding my stay of two weeks at camp california in the u . s . a . 
i am very excited and looking forward to the new experiance i am going to have . first of all i must tell you that i only have freetime in july at any day , any week , because i am still having my lesson at college and it will be finished at the end of june and also in august i have a training course for my studies . i would prefer to stay in tents because i love atmosephere of camping , but i wouldn't mind to stay in log cabins . for the two activities i can choose , i would like to have swimming and basketball . i have always found these kind of activity make me fell strong and enjoy doing it . i first started playing basketball and swimming when i was aged 9 , and i have been doing it up till now . i also used to be in a basketball team in school for 3 years . 
i am very excited and looking forward to the new experience i am going to have . first of all i must tell you that i only have free time in july - on any day , any week - because i am still having my lessons at college and they will be finished at the end of june , and also in august i have a training course for my studies . i would prefer to stay in tents because i love the atmosphere of camping , but i wouldn't mind staying in log cabins . for the two activities i can choose , i would like to do swimming and basketball . i have always found these kinds of activity make me feel strong and i enjoy doing them . i first started playing basketball and swimming when i was aged 9 , and i have been doing both up till now . i also to be was also in a basketball team in school for 3 years . 
one thing , i would like to know is how many clothes i have to take with me and what kind of cloth they are ? 
one thing i would like to know is how many clothes i have to take with me and what kind of clothes they are . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
vanida montri
vanida montri
report on daily life at school
report on daily life at school
introduction
introduction
the aim of this report is describ and assess lesson and activities should be filmed in a short video . it is base on information made availble by student from each class at school . 
the aim of this report is describe to describe and assess which lessons and activities should be filmed for a short video . it is based on information made available by students from each class at school . 
lessons
lessons
most student who were interviewed suggested to have a speaking part of the lesson to be on film . it seemed to be the most interesting lesson , because student always make some mistake while they are practising with thier partner , in spite of having told from teacher ten times . it felt to be a good memory to be remember and remind our sleves to speak in a correct way . this lesson will give us to be relaxed and have laugh . we also would like to have a history on . 
most students who were interviewed suggested having a speaking part in the lesson that is to be on film . it seemed to be the most interesting lesson , because students always make some mistakes while they are practising with their partner , in spite of having been told by the teacher ten times . it was felt to be a good memory to be reminded and to remind our selves ourselves us to speak in a correct way . this lesson will help us to be relaxed and have a laugh . we also would like to have a history one . 
activities
activities
going out to visit the history town every weekend seem to be the most enjoyable activity for student . spending time together out of the class is the nice experiance . having a sport after class it also fun . 
going out to visit the historical town every weekend seems to be the most enjoyable activity for students . spending time together out of the class is a nice experience . playing a sport after class is also fun . 
conclusion
conclusion
lesson and activities , which most student suggested are very interesting and it is not seem to be boring for the student . 
lessons the lessons and activities which most students suggested are very interesting and they are do not seem to be boring for the students . 
dear helen , 
dear helen , 
i learnt from you letter that i've won the first prize . i felt how luck i was . i understood you want to know when am i available to set off and where i'd like to stay . 
i learnt from your letter that i've won the first prize . i felt how lucky i was . i understand you want to know when i am available to set off and where i'd like to stay . 
first of all i will be able to go u . s . a in july because of my university . i am studying economics and i am very busy nowadays . my exams will have finished at the end of june . i will only be able to set off in july and i also will give my thesis to my teacher in august . this holiday will help me to think and prepare it . i'd prefer staying in log cabins because i need a proper place to say and study . basically , i don't like staying in a small tent . when i get the camp , i'd like to swim and climb . i used to climb mountains and am good at climbing . i am fond of swimming but unfortunately i am not a good swimmer . 
first of all i will be able to go to the u . s . a only in july because of my university . i am studying economics and i am very busy nowadays . my exams will have finished at the end of june . i will only be able to set off in july and also i will give my thesis to my teacher in august . this holiday will help me to think about it and prepare it . i'd prefer to stay in a log cabin because i need a proper place to stay and study in . basically , i don't like staying in a small tent . when i get to the camp , i'd like to swim and climb . i used to climb mountains and am good at climbing . i am fond of swimming but unfortunately i am not a good swimmer . 
i'd like to ask some questions which i want to know . is there any toilet and shower in the log cabins or somewhere nearby ? do i have to bring any special clothes ? do you have any idea what is the weather going to be ? how much mone do you recommend me to bring with me ? is the camp close to town or city ? will you provide me an instructor when i climb and swim ? 
i'd like to ask some questions which i want to know . is there a toilet and shower in the log cabins or somewhere nearby ? do i have to bring any special clothes ? do you have any idea what the weather is going to be like ? how much money do you recommend me to bring with me ? is the camp close to a town or city ? will you provide me with an instructor when i climb and swim ? 
i look forward to hearing from you soon . 
i look forward to hearing from you soon . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
dear kim , 
dear kim , 
i haven't written you for ages . i do apologise for this . how are you ? how is your new school and parents ? i hope we can catch up with each other's news . 
i haven't written to you for ages . i do apologise for this . how are you ? how is your new school and your parents ? i hope we can catch up with each other's news . 
last month i helped the service crew at a pop concert . it was unbelievable and tiring as well . i saw all the pop bands and singers . i heard them talking behind the stage . they signed my diary and took a photo with me . being a security guard was the hardest task . carrying big speakers place to place was extremely tiring but we had loads of laugh . believe it or not i put make up on one famous singer's face . i was just walking down by dressing room manager said that if i could help them . i couldn't believe my eyes . i was in her room and helping her . especially i liked that time . i advise you to do something like that . i'm going to help them again . 
last month i helped the service crew at a pop concert . it was unbelievable , and tiring as well . i saw all the pop bands and singers . i heard them talking backstage . they signed my diary and had their photo taken with me . being a security guard was the hardest task . carrying big speakers from place to place was extremely tiring but we had loads of laughs . believe it or not , i put make-up on one famous singer's face . i was just walking down by the dressing room and the manager asked if i could help them . i couldn't believe my ears . i was in her room helping her . i especially liked that time . i advise you to do something like that . i'm going to help them again . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
dear sir/madam
dear sir/madam
i am so pleased to know that i have won such amazing prize in your competition . i like to answer the questions you request from me . 
i am so pleased to know that i have won such an amazing prize in your competition . i would like to answer the questions you ask have asked me . 
firstly , i should say that i would like to travel in july because of this is the month wich i could more likely have off at work for going on holiday . 
firstly , i should say that i would like to travel in july because that is the month which i could most likely have off from work to go on holiday . 
secondly , i would prefer to stay at log cabins rather than tents . that is because i do not want to seem fuzy but i like to have some comodities when i am going on holiday and i think slepping over the floor without electricity it may annoy me . 
secondly , i would prefer to stay in a log cabin rather than a tent . that is because , i do not want to seem fussy , but i like to have some commodities luxuries when i am going on holiday and i think sleeping on the floor without electricity may annoy me . 
finally , i like to choose swimming as activity in the camp . i love swimming and also i should say that i am very good at this sport because i have been doing that for long time . on the contrary , painting is an activity wich i have never tryied before , so that i have not any skill in drawing but i like start doing that know when i have the chance . so that is my second choice . 
finally , i would like to choose swimming as my activity in the camp . i love swimming and also i should say that i am very good at this sport because i have been doing it for a long time . conversely , painting is an activity which i have never tried before , so i have not any skill in drawing but i would like to start doing that now when i have the chance . so that is my second choice . 
on the other hand , i would like to know some imformation wich could be useful in my holiday like: which type of clothes could be more suitable for me in the camp ? could i need some extra money ? do i need to bring something else ? if is so , please let me know as soon as possible . 
on the other hand , i would like to know some information which could be useful on my holiday like: what type of clothes would be more suitable for me in the camp ? could i need some extra money ? do i need to bring anything else ? if so , please let me know as soon as possible . 
to look forward to getting your reply
looking forward to getting your reply
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
dear friend . 
dear friend . 
i am writting to tell you about my experience in the last month pop concert , where i was helping my friend nick who was the bouncer of the place . 
i am writing to tell you about my experience at the pop concert last month , where i was helping my friend nick , who was the bouncer at the venue . 
that was a pop concert with lots of famous singers like madona , julio iglesias , and people like them
it was a pop concert with lots of famous singers like madona , julio iglesias , and people like them
that was a charity concert to save money to poor people of africa . 
it was a charity concert to raise money for poor people in africa . 
my job it was to accomodate to the people of the main sit of the theathre . of course those places were reserved just for people well-knowed who wanted to help by joined the concert . 
my job was to accommodate to the people of the main sit of the theatre . of course those places were reserved just for people well-known well-known people who wanted to help by joining attending the concert . 
so i had to ask them for their identifications and for their invitations . after that , i have to take them to their respective sit . 
so i had to ask them for their identification and for their invitations . after that , i had to take them to their respective seat seats . 
at first , i was a bit scare , i mean i was afraid not be good enough to have a good performance as assistant; but finally every thing went well . 
at first , i was a bit scared , i mean , i was afraid of not being good enough to do well as an assistant; but finally everything went well . 
i should say that it was the easiest and more interesting job that i have ever done . i really enjoyed it and also i did not miss the opportunity to ask the artist to take a photho with me . 
i should say that it was the easiest and most interesting job that i have ever done . i really enjoyed it and also i did not miss the opportunity to ask the artist to take a photo have his photo taken with me . 
so , i hope to see you earliest to show all my phothos . 
so , i hope to see you soon to show you all my photos . 
i think , it was very cleaver of me to record that moment wich i will never ever forget , and that was the think that i more liked of that experience . 
i think it was very clever of me to record that moment which i will never ever forget , and that was the thing that i most liked liked most about that experience . 
looking forward to getting your reply and to seeing you soon
looking forward to getting your reply and to seeing you soon
lots of love
lots of love
13 june 2000
13 june 2000
dear helen ryan , 
dear helen ryan , 
i am writing to give you futher information about me which you need about camp california . 
i am writing to give you further information about me which you need for camp california . 
i am delighted that finally , i have won the first prise in your competition . 
i am delighted that finally i have i have finally won first prize in your competition . 
i would like to travel only in june because i will start working in july that means i will not be able to come there later . 
i would like to travel only in june because i will start working in july which means i will not be able to come there any later . 
moreover , i would rather stay in a tent than in a log cabin because i always stay in a tent when i am on holidays . it is not comfortable but it still like it . 
moreover , i would rather stay in a tent than in a log cabin because i always stay in a tent when i am on holidays . it is not comfortable but i still like it . 
concerning to the activities which i have to choose i would like to inform you that i am fond of photography and i am quite good in it because i have attended a relevant course for three months . 
concerning the activities which i have to choose i would like to inform you that i am fond of photography and i am quite good at it because i have attended a relevant course for three months . 
according to my work experience as a lifeguard i will choose swimming as the second activity . 
because of my work experience as a lifeguard i will choose swimming as the second activity . 
could you please tell me what kind of clothes i have to bring with me ? ( like . . specific equipment or anything else ) . 
could you please tell me what kind of clothes i have to bring with me ? ( like . . specific equipment or anything else ) . 
how much money do i need ? 
how much money do i need ? 
i am looking forwards to hearing from you 
i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
" shopping is not always enjoyable " 
" shopping is not always enjoyable " 
is it true or not ? some people agree with it , some people not . 
is it true or not ? some people agree with it , some people don't . 
if you don't work and you have plenty of time going shopping is really enjoyable , because there are big shopping centres in which you can find so many different things . there are new products which you could not imagine that could be so interesting . shopping is a good way to kill your time and some times you can not realize how fast the time goes . this happens because people enjoy themselves a lot . 
if you don't work and you have plenty of time going shopping is really enjoyable , because there are big shopping centres in which you can find so many different things . there are new products which you could not imagine could be so interesting . shopping is a good way to kill time and sometimes you do not realize how fast the time goes . this happens because people are enjoying themselves a lot . 
on the other hand there are some disadvantages . for example if you are a working mother with three children , that means you are always n a hurry , going shopping is really unenjoyable . you go shopping in a big supermarket because you know you will find everything there and you need 15 minutes to find the goods and 20 minutes to pay for them because of the big queue . 
on the other hand there are some disadvantages . for example if you are a working mother with three children , which means you are always in a hurry , going shopping is really unenjoyable . you shop in a big supermarket because you know you will find everything there and you need 15 minutes to find the goods and 20 minutes to pay for them because of the big queue . 
you need to buy essential items like food and you get tired because it very crowded and you spend more time thank you prefer to . 
you need to buy essential items like food and you get tired because it is very crowded and you spend more time than you would like to . 
in conclusion shopping is enjoyable but not when it is too buzy . otherwise if you are in a good mood it will turn into a bad mood . you should avoid the peak times . 
in conclusion shopping is enjoyable but not when it is too busy . otherwise if you are in a good mood it will turn into a bad mood . you should avoid the peak times . 
dear helen , 
dear helen , 
thank you very much for your letter which said i had won first prize in your competition . i was really surprise to hear that . 
thank you very much for your letter which said i have won first prize in your competition . i was really surprised to hear that . 
i am afraid i can only make it on july , because i am taking exams this month . moreover , i'll prepare everything for going to university on august . i have no time until christmas . so , i think the best time is july . 
i am afraid i can only make it in july , because i am taking exams this month . moreover , i'll prepare everything for going to university in august . i have no time until christmas . so , i think the best time is july . 
the accommodation i prefer is tent . i haven't tied it before . i would like to know how interesting it is to live in tents . if i can only choose two activities while i am at the camp , i would like climbing and basketball . i started climbing since i was a child . i love it very much . about the basketball , i have been played it for seven years . i would like to play basketball with local people at the camp to see how good they are , if i can . 
the accommodation i prefer is a tent . i haven't tried it before . i would like to know how interesting it is to live in tents . if i can only choose two activities while i am at the camp , i would like climbing and basketball . i started climbing when i was a child . i love it very much . about basketball , i have been playing it for seven years . i would like to play basketball with local people at the camp to see how good they are , if i can . 
finally , may i ask some more informations . what kinds of clothes shall i take ? how about the weather there ? would you give me some pocket-money during the trip . also , may i take a friend with me , how much will she pay ? 
finally , may i ask for some more information ? what kinds of clothes should i take ? . how about the weather there ? will you give me some pocket-money during the trip ? also , may i take a friend with me ? how much should she pay ? 
i look forward to hearing from you soon . 
i look forward to hearing from you soon . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
jia li lo
jia li lo
to: teacher cheng
to: teacher cheng
from: jia lo
from: jia lo
date: 13/06/00
date: 13/06/00
subject: a short video about daily life at school
subject: a short video about daily life at school
as i was asked , i spoke to a number of students about their opinions of this short video . i found that most of them had suggested that four lessons should be filmed which as follow:
as i was asked , i spoke to a number of students about their opinions concerning this short video . i found that most of them suggested that four lessons should be filmed , which are as follow:
1 . grammer , which is the base of learning english . 
1 . grammar , which is the basis of learning english . 
2 . speaking , it makes you more confident when you talk with other peoper . let you do more pratices . 
2 . speaking : it makes you more confident when you talk with other people . it let it lets you get more practices practice . 
3 . listening , it really helpful for improving your listening and understanding . 
3 . listening . it is really helpful for improving your listening and understanding . 
4 . writing , this lesson techer you how to organise what you want to write . 
4 . writing . this class teaches you how to organise what you want to write . 
also , there are two activities should be filmed . 
also , there are two activities that should be filmed . 
1 . students are talking to each other when they are having break . it is important to pratise your english after lessons . 
1 . students talk to each other when they are having a break . it is important to practise your english after lessons . 
2 . teacher are helping students with their problems . if you have problem on studing , asking teachers is the best way . 
2 . teachers help students with their problems . if you have a problem studying , try asking the teachers about which is the best way to study . 
in conclusion , the short video is only 60 minutes . it must show the daily lifes of the english students at the school . it should include all those points lists above . 
in conclusion , the short video is only 60 minutes . it must show the daily lives of the english students at the school . it should include all those points lists above . 
dear miss ryan , 
dear miss ryan , 
i'm writing to you as regards the letter you've sent me about the competition i've won . 
i'm writing to you as regards the letter you've sent me about the competition i've won . 
i've never been to the u . s . a . before so i think it'll be an exciting trip . with regard to the date of the trip , july would be best because in june i'm going to visit my family in mexico and in august school begins . 
i've never been to the u . s . a . before so i think it'll be an exciting trip . with regard to the date of the trip , july would be best because in june i'm going to visit my family in mexico and in august school begins . 
i've never been camping before , i guess i'm not an outdoor girl , but i'd like to give it a try , so i'd rather tents than cabins . 
i've never been camping before , i guess i'm not an outdoor girl , but i'd like to give it a try , so i'd rather tents than cabins . 
i'm really keen on sports , especially sailing . i've practised sailing since an early age and i perfectly manage the rigging and sail . i'm also fond of tennis , i've just started my lessons and would like to continue practising during the summer . so , i think i'll do sailing and tennis . 
i'm really keen on sports , especially sailing . i've been sailing since an early age and i manage the rigging and sail perfectly . i'm also fond of tennis , i've just started my lessons and would like to continue playing during the summer . so , i think i'll do sailing and tennis . 
i'm not really sure of what kind of clothes to take , could you please write to me specifying what would be suitable ? i'd appreciate it a lot . 
i'm not really sure about what kind of clothes to take . could you please write to me specifying what would be suitable ? i'd appreciate it a lot . 
sincerely , 
sincerely , 
diana delgado
diana delgado
shopping is not always enjoyable
shopping is not always enjoyable
i'm a shopaholic , but i have to admit shopping is not always enjoyable . for instance , i spent my spring break with my friends in italy , we went there to buy our dresses for our boyfriends' graduation ( besides other reasons ) . they had invited us and we wanted them to see us stunningly beautiful . 
i'm a shopaholic , but i have to admit shopping is not always enjoyable . for instance , i spent my spring break with my friends in italy . we went there to buy our dresses for our boyfriends' graduation ( besides other reasons ) . they had invited us and we wanted them to see us looking stunningly beautiful . 
while we were in florence my wallet was stolen , probably by a gypsie . i was so annoyed ! i was in the plaza espagna in florence without a penny ! my friends lent me some money , but it wasn't more than 120 pounds . i had to buy my dress , it's accesories and besides clothes and souvenirs ! i couldn't really do much , so i used the money i had and bought an incredible pair of shoes and some souvenirs . i felt really bad seeing my friends buy the latest fashion while the only thing i could do was tell them how great their clothes were and of course window-shop . 
while we were in florence my wallet was stolen , probably by a gypsy . i was so annoyed ! i was in the plaza espagna in florence without a penny ! my friends lent me some money , but it wasn't more than 120 pounds . i had to buy my dress , its accessories and also clothes and souvenirs ! i couldn't really do much , so i used the money i had and bought an incredible pair of shoes and some souvenirs . i felt really bad seeing my friends buy the latest fashion while the only thing i could do was tell them how great their clothes were and of course window-shop . 
dear mr ryan
dear mr ryan
i have just received your letter and i am really delighted and thrilled to win the first prize in your competition . 
i have just received your letter and i am really delighted and thrilled to win the first prize in your competition . 
for the trip to california , i can only go in july , i am afraid , because my english course finishes in june and it starts again in august . 
for the trip to california , i can only go in july , i am afraid , because my english course finishes in june and it starts again in august . 
in your letter you mentioned that i could choose between sleeping in tents or log cabin , and i would like to sleep in a log cabin please . because last time i was in a tent , i found it really uncomfortable and when it rained in the night i couldn't got to sleep because of the sound of water hitting the tent . 
in your letter you mentioned that i could choose between sleeping in tents or a log cabin , and i would like to sleep in a log cabin please . this is because last time i was in a tent , i found it really uncomfortable and when it rained in the night i couldn't get to sleep because of the sound of water hitting the tent . 
i would like to take part in surfing and swimming please . although i have never done surfing before , i am a quite advanced swimmer . 
i would like to take part in surfing and swimming please . although i have never done surfing before , i am a quite advanced swimmer . 
finally i would like to ask some questions . what is the weather like over there and what should i wear ? how much money would i need ? how big is the camp ? 
finally i would like to ask some questions . what is the weather like over there and what should i wear ? how much money would i need ? how big is the camp ? 
i look forward to hearing from you soon . 
i look forward to hearing from you soon . 
yours sincerly 
yours sincerely 
shopping can be very exciting and fun . the feeling of buying new things is wonderful . but it might not be the same everytime . 
shopping can be very exciting and fun . the feeling of buying new things is wonderful . but it might not be the same every time . 
we all go shopping , maybe not every day , but certainly at least once a week . shopping is very important because it's the only way to get things . for example , food . you will not be able to survive without food . so buying things neccessary is fine i think . but buying things that do not need or you have not planned to might make you feel good at the time , but days or weeks later when you realise you did not need to spend money on them , you might regret buying them . for example you did not plan to buy any crisps , but they are at half price and you buy them without thinking . but after you never eat them and just bin them . 
we all go shopping , maybe not every day , but certainly at least once a week . shopping is very important because it's the only way to get things . for example , food . you will not be able to survive without food . so buying things necessary necessary things is fine i think . but buying things that you do not need or you have not planned to might make you feel good at the time , but days or weeks later when you realise you did not need to spend money on them , you might regret buying them . for example you did not plan to buy any crisps , but they are at half price and you buy them without thinking . but afterwards you never eat them and just bin them . 
i think buying things needed and planned could be enjoyable but buying things you don't need or unplanned , might make you feel sad after sometime . 
i think buying things needed and planned could be enjoyable but buying things you don't need or unplanned , might make you feel sad after some time . 
13/6/2000-11-07
13/6/2000-11-07
dear madam helen ryan
dear helen ryan
first of all , we happy to won the first prize on your competition . thank you for choosen our ticket at the final . 
first of all , we are happy to have won the first prize in your competition . thank you for choosing our ticket at the final . 
we like to go on july , because my wife catrin just have holidays next month . we prefer the last two weeks on july . would that be fine for you too ? 
we would like to go in july , because my wife catrin just have holidays next month . we would prefer the last two weeks in july . would that be fine for you too ? 
is there a possibility to stay in a log cabin . i have sometimes troubles with backache when i coud't sleep on a flat ground . 
is there a chance to stay in a log cabin . i sometimes have trouble with backache when i couldn't can't sleep on a flat surface . 
it would be great if we can choosen swimming and golf . my wife catrin is a local master on swimming race . im not so good as her , but i'm going every week once to her training . in golf , we are both total beginners . we have no experience but we like to learn this game . 
it would be great if we could choose swimming and golf . my wife catrin is a local champion in swimming races . i'm not so good as her , but i go once every week to her training session . at golf , we are both total beginners . we have no experience but we would like to learn this game . 
we are both a little afraid , what kind of clothes and shoes we have to take off with us ? which temperature will be on the summer season in this area ? are there some possibility to rent the golfshoes ? 
we are both a little worried . what kind of clothes and shoes do we have to take with us ? what will the temperature be in the summer season in this area ? is there any possibility we could rent golf shoes ? 
finally , we like to know , when you will send us the airline-tickets and the tripbrochure . moreover , what do think how much pocketmoney we will spent on this trip . 
finally , we would like to know when you will send us the airline tickets and the brochure . moreover , do you think how much pocket money we will spend how much money do you think we will spend on this trip ? 
we looking forward to hearing from you soon . 
we are looking forward to hearing from you soon . 
yours faithfully 
yours sincerely 
leon hofmann
leon hofmann
13/6/2000
13/6/2000
dear kim
dear kim
thank you very much for your last lovely letter . i'm fine . how are you ? 
thank you very much for your last lovely letter . i'm fine . how are you ? 
you are interessted on my last job ! i really like to tell you all my experience . 
you are interested in my last job ! i really want to tell you all about my experience . 
however , i'm happy that we finished this hard work . i worked in a team by seven people . we were mainly on work for all the lights at this great concert . its sounds easy , just for the light . 
however , i'm happy that we have finished this hard work . i worked in a team of seven people . we were mainly working on all the lights at this great concert . it sounds easy , just doing the lighting . 
in addition , it was a nine days hard work to mount all the different spot and houndreds of coblights on the right place . 
in addition , it was nine days of hard work to mount all the different spot and hundreds of coblights in the right place . 
finally , we had worked the hohl night befor the concert . we had to adjust the laser extremly on the correct position . we spent hours till it was good enough for the technical-manger . moreover , the band was exhausted about this great laser show at the end . 
finally , we worked the whole night before the concert . we had to adjust the laser extremely carefully to get it in the correct position . we spent hours on this till it was good enough for the technical-manager technical manager . moreover , the band was exhausted by this great laser show in the end . 
for me was this aventure one of the best . it shows , when all member of a group work hard together , you can reach a lot . 
for me was this adventure one of the best this adventure was one of the best . it shows that , when all members of a group work hard together , you can achieve a lot . 
i think i can't forgotten this experience on my mind 
i think i can't forgotten this experience on my mind 
lots of love
lots of love
leon
leon
dear helen ryan , 
dear helen ryan , 
i am writing in reply to your letter in wich you told me i won the first prize . it is the first time i won a prize ! 
i am writing in reply to your letter in which you told me i won the first prize . it is the first time i won a prize ! 
as you asked me some questions , here are the answers . it would be very convenient if i could travel in july , because by that time i'll be on my school holidays . if you agree i would like to have a tent as accommodation , because i have never stayed in one and i wonder this might be a great feeling and that this way i will be in a deeper contact with the animals that live in the area . 
as you asked me some questions , here are the answers . it would be very convenient if i could travel in july , because by that time i'll be on my school holidays . if you agree i would like to have a tent for my accommodation , because i have never stayed in one and i wonder if it might be a great feeling and if in this way i will be in closer contact with the animals that live in the area . 
it would be very pleasant if i could join your basketball team , since i used to play it in my school's team and i think i'm pretty good at it . surfing would be another good option because i have never stepped on a surfboard and i think this is a beautiful sport . 
it would be very pleasant if i could join your basketball team , since i used to play in my school's team and i think i'm pretty good at it . surfing would be another good option because i have never stepped on a surfboard and i think this is a beautiful sport . 
i'd like to know about the kind of clothes i should take , if it's cold or hot by this time of the year and if i should bring any money . 
i'd like to know about the kind of clothes i should take , if it's cold or hot at that time of the year and if i should bring any money . 
i have butterflies of excitement and i'am looking forward to hearing from you as soon as possible . 
i have butterflies in my stomach and i am looking forward to hearing from you as soon as possible . 
yours faithfully , 
yours faithfully , 
carlitos andrade
carlitos andrade
shopping is not always enjoyable . some people usually spend more money than they have and end up broken , with a lot of bills to pay . however , if you don't have those spending sprees very often , shopping can be a pleasant experience and a chance to spend some quality time with your family . 
shopping is not always enjoyable . some people usually spend more money than they have and end up broke , with a lot of bills to pay . however , if you don't have those spending sprees very often , shopping can be a pleasant experience and a chance to spend some quality time with your family . 
have you ever spent more money than you could in a visit to the shopping center ? if you answered no , congratulations . but if you took a deep breath after reading the question , don't worry . its normal to have spending sprees . everyone had or will have one while shopping . but don't be afraid . 
have you ever spent more money than you should during a visit to the shopping center ? if you answered no , congratulations . but if you took a deep breath after reading the question , don't worry . it's normal to have spending sprees . everyone has had or will have one while shopping . but don't be afraid . 
going to the shopping centre with you family can be a good experience . it's a moment in that you can talk to your relatives and use this conversation to know more about yourselves . if you are a good observer , it's a great chance to know what your son or daughter would like to have for her birthday or for any other special date . 
going to the shopping centre with your family can be a good experience . it's a moment in which you can talk to your relatives and use this conversation to get to know more about yourselves . if you are a good observer , it's a great chance to get to know what your son or daughter would like to have for their birthday or for any other special occasion . 
in conclusion , if you go shopping reasonably , have a good time . on the other hand , if you think that you'll be on the red , i'd better stay at home . 
in conclusion , if you go shopping reasonably , have a good time . on the other hand , if you think that you'll get in the red , you'd better stay at home . 
dear sir/madam , 
dear sir/madam , 
thank you very much . i am very glad i have won first prize in the competition - two weeks at camp california in the u . s . a . 
thank you very much . i am very pleased i have won first prize in the competition - two weeks at camp california in the u . s . a . 
i would like to travel only in july , because in june i have to study at school which hasn't finished until the end of june . in august , i have already made another appointment with my friends . we are going to visit the places of interest of china , as usual , our new term begins in september . i only can travel in july
i would like to travel only in july , because in june i have to study at school , which doesn't finish until the end of june . for august , i have already made another appointment with my friends . we are going to visit the places of interest in china . as usual , our new term begins in september . i can only travel in july
accommodation i would prefer in tents to in log cabins . tents are very easy to take and go everywhere . what's more , in my opinion it is very romantic . 
concerning accommodation , i prefer tents to log cabins . tents are very easy to carry and can go everywhere . what's more , in my opinion they are very romantic . 
i am good at singing and photography . i can sing most kinds of songs , such as pop music , folk . i like taking photograph , in my only room . there are all kinds of photos , for example , beach , sea trees and so on . 
i am good at singing and photography . i can sing most kinds of songs , such as pop music , folk . i like taking photographs , in my only room . there are all kinds of photos , for example , of the beach , sea , trees and so on . 
in the end , i wonder what kind of clothes i should take and how much money i should bring with me . 
finally , i wonder what kind of clothes i should take and how much money i should bring with me ? 
i look forward to seeing you soon . 
i look forward to seeing you soon . 
yours faithfully
yours faithfully
to: mrs flame
to: mrs flame
from: kate
from: kate
subject: which lessons and other activities should be filmed
subject: which lessons and other activities should be filmed
instruction :
introduction :
the aim of this report is to suggest which lessons and lessons be filmed into a short video . in order to write the report i interviewed about one hundred students who are studying in our english class . 
the aim of this report is to suggest which lessons and lessons should be filmed for a short video . in order to write the report i interviewed about one hundred students who are studying in our english class . 
results:
results:
the majority of them said it's a good idea to make something about maths and english study skills . sixty percent recommended that the activity which called make the brain up in the morning class should be filmed . ten of them said should make the computing . two thirds said we should film a part of playing football . 
the majority of them said it's a good idea to do something about maths and english study skills . sixty percent recommended that the activity which called make the brain up in the morning class should be filmed . ten of them said we should film computing . two thirds said we should film a part of playing football . 
reasons:
reasons:
although maths is very boring , it is very important in nowadays . english is the most popular language in the world , what's more , more and more people start to learn english . the activity of making brain up can help us remember new words . playing football is good for health . 
although maths is very boring , it is very important nowadays . english is the most popular language in the world . what's more , more and more people are starting to learn english . the activity of making brain up can help us remember new words . playing football is good for your health . 
conclusion:
conclusion:
it is recommended that should be filmed about maths , english study skills , make brain up and a part of playing football . 
it is recommended that something should be filmed about maths , english study skills , make brain up and playing football . 
dear helen
dear helen
i am very surprised for have received your letter in which you explained to me that i have won prize in your competition . after that , i would like to say thanks , i never have won any price at all . 
i am very surprised to have received your letter in which you explained to me that i have won a prize in your competition . after that , i would like to say thanks , i have never won any prize prizes at all . 
now , i will answer your requests . in reference about the date of the travel , i would like to travel in july because at the moment i am working at the university and i only have july to take my holidays . 
now , i will answer your questions . in reference to the date of travel , i would like to travel in july because at the moment i am working at university and i only have july to take my holidays . 
as state in your letter i have to choose the accommodation type . i would prefer to stay in tents because since i was a child i have being using this type of accommodation . i used to go to campings . 
as you state in your letter i have to choose the accommodation type of type of accommodation . i would prefer to stay in a tent because since i was a child i have been using this type of accommodation . i used to go camping . 
about camp activities i would prefer to do basketball and photography . i have choosen these activities because actually i am playing with university team , and photography is my favoorate hobby . i have recently bought a new camera . 
about camp activities , i would prefer to do basketball and photography . i have chosen these activities because these days i am playing on the university team , and photography is my favourite hobby . i have recently bought a new camera . 
finally let me know what kind of clothes will be the most suitable at camp . is necesarilly bring to me money in there ? 
finally let me know what kind of clothes will be the most suitable at camp . is it necessarily necessary to bring any money ? 
i look forward to hearing from you
i look forward to hearing from you
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
dear kim
dear kim
i am writen to you telling about my experience at a pop concert . 
i am written writing to you to tell you about my experience at a pop concert . 
it began when ours common friends martha , ofered me to be a organization member at the concert , obviously i accepted . now i can tell you that it was an amaizing challange for me because i never did anything like that . 
it began when our mutual friend martha offered me the chance to help organise the concert . obviously i accepted . now i can tell you that it was an amazing challenge for me because i had never done anything like that . 
my duties like a organization member were diferent , the firts day i had to pick the bands up at the airport , for it i hired a van . the following day i was the person who provide the meals for all the organization staff and besides every day i was at the back-stage supporting the catering staff . 
my duties as a staff member were different various . the first day i had to pick the bands up from the airport , and for this i hired a van . the following day i was the person who provided the meals for all the staff and also every day i was backstage supporting the catering staff . 
particularly i am pleased to had know the most popular pop stars in the world . 
i am particularly pleased to have known the most popular pop stars in the world . 
hopping to hear from you
hoping to hear from you
best wishes
best wishes
. i would like to travel only in july because i will take some hollydays at this time . 
. i would like to travel only in july because i will have some holidays holiday at that time . 
. i prefer to stay in log cabins than in tentes , because log cabins has much esctructure , that i need to stay for a few days . 
. i prefer to stay in log cabins rather than in tents , because log cabins have much esctructure , that i need to stay for a few days . 
. i can play well basketball , because i use to practice basketball , when i go to the club every saturday . 
. i can play basketball well , because i used to practise play basketball , when i went to the club every saturday . 
now i am planning to be a good photographer . i will use some photographs to put in one website , that belongs of one magazine , that i had projected . last year . 
now i am planning to be a good photographer . i will use some photographs to put on a website that belongs to a magazine , which i had projected . last year . 
. how much money would like to pay me for five hours a day in two weeks working with children ? 
. how much money would you like to pay me for five hours a day for two weeks working with children working with children for five hours a day for two weeks ? 
2 most part of students are very shy when the teachers ask them if they have one doubt in some subjects at the classes . the students at school shoudn't be shy , because they have estercotipie inside in some issues , that confuses them the means of things . 
2 most students are very shy when the teachers ask them if they have any doubts about some subjects at the classes . the students at school shoudn't be shy , because they have estercotipie inside in some issues , that confuses them the means of things . 
3 when you are ready to shopp , some times you know before what is your priority to buy , because probaly you need one thing than others . but the best thing that we do , when we make shopp is spend the time having lunch at snack bar , watching cinema and play games computer . 
3 when you are ready to shop , sometimes you know beforehand what is your priority , because probably you need one thing rather than another . but the best thing that we do , when we go shop shopping is spend time having lunch at a snack bar , watching movies and playing computer games . 
4 hello kim , 
4 hello kim , 
last month , i work like roadie at rolling stones pop concert , i was responsable of sound that comes from the stage . now , i have some experience to produce cds alive of famous band , that would like to do it . i hope so to be producer of shows , as soon as possible . 
last month , i worked as a roadie at a rolling stones pop concert . i was responsible for the sound . now , i have some experience in producing cds live live dcs of famous bands , i would like to do it . i hope to be a producer of shows , as soon as possible . 
dear madam , 
dear madam , 
i was very happy to know that i have won the first prize in your competition and it will be a good opportunity for me to go to the u . s . a . 
i was very happy to learn that i have won the first prize in your competition and it will be a good opportunity for me to go to the u . s . a . 
if it is possible , i would like to travel in july . i will be working until the end of june and i am going to start university in august . 
if it is possible , i would like to travel in july . i will be working until the end of june and i am going to start university in august . 
i would prefer to sleep in a tent , because , in my opinion , it is easier to make friends and i like camping as well . 
i would prefer to sleep in a tent , because , in my opinion , it is easier to make friends and i like camping as well . 
i have chosen photography and climbing for activities . i am a beginner in photography but i am really interested in . i have a medium level in climbing and i would like to climb the californian mountains . 
i have chosen photography and climbing as my activities . i am a beginner in photography but i am really interested in it . i have a medium level of proficiency in climbing and i would like to climb the californian mountains . 
can you tell me how much money i have to take , if i have to take winter clothes and if it is possible to rent a car there . 
can you tell me how much money i have to take , if i have to take winter clothes and if it is possible to rent a car there ? 
thank you for this opportunity . 
thank you for this opportunity . 
yours faithfully , 
yours faithfully , 
i like shopping . some people when they are tired relax spleeping , reading a book or watching television but not me . walking along the crowded streets of my city is my way of relaxing . 
i like shopping . some people when they are tired relax by sleeping , reading a book or watching television , but not me . walking along the crowded streets of my city is my way of relaxing . 
i have been working in a shop for a long time and i have noticed that i am not the only one in this case . there were always , at the end of the afternoon , some well-dressed women coming from their offices and they just spent one hour in the shop whithout buying anything . 
i have been working in a shop for a long time and i have noticed that i am not the only one in this case . there are always , at the end of the afternoon , some well-dressed women coming from their offices and they just spend one hour in the shop without buying anything . 
however it is true that shopping is not always enjoyable for example before christmas or during some special salles . in these periods of the year , the supermarkets and the shops are full of stressed adults and tired children trying to walk in a warm and noisy place . 
however , it is true that shopping is not always enjoyable , for example before christmas or during some special sales . in these periods of the year , the supermarkets and the shops are full of stressed adults and tired children trying to walk in a hot and noisy place . 
in conclusion , you have to know when and where to shop quietly but in my opinion spending money in a crowded shop is the most enjoyable thing in the world . 
in conclusion , you have to know when and where to shop quietly but in my opinion spending money in a crowded shop is the most enjoyable thing in the world . 
dear mrs . ryan:
dear mrs . ryan:
i am writing in reply to your letter , in order to answer your requests . 
i am writing in reply to your letter , in order to answer your questions . 
first of all , it would be suitable for me to travel in july only , because that is when i am on holiday from work . 
first of all , it would be suitable for me to travel in july only , because that is when i am on holiday from work . 
second , i would rather stay in a log cabin , because i tend to get very nervous in small closed places , so a tent would be unapropriate for me . 
second , i would rather stay in a log cabin , because i tend to get very nervous in small closed places , so a tent would be inappropriate for me . 
i would prefer golf and surfing . i haven't played golf for a long time , so it will be pleasent to do so . about surfing , i am an amateur at it . i have been surfing for five years and i have competed in two championships . 
i would prefer golf and surfing . i haven't played golf for a long time , so it will be pleasant to do so . about surfing , i am an amateur at it . i have been surfing for five years and i have competed in two championships . 
finally , i would like to ask you what kind of clothes would you recommend me to take . i have never been to california , so i have no idea about the weather there . also , i would like to know if i will need any money there . 
finally , i would like to ask you what kind of clothes would you recommend i take . i have never been to california , so i have no idea about the weather there . also , i would like to know if i will need any money there . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerately , 
yours sincerely , 
dear kim:
dear kim:
hi ! i'm writing to tell you about my experience at the concert . 
hi ! i'm writing to tell you about my experience at the concert . 
it was supposed to start at ten , but when the band was going on stage , the leader of it fell down on some wires that gave the power to all the instruments and all the lights ! suddenly , everything got very dark . the fans started shouting and wistling for the show to begin , while i just stood there trying to see what had happened . then , a security guard started calling for help . i happened to be near him , so i went to help him . he asked me to help bono , the leader , get up and to get him some water . i realised he had broken a finger so i had to get a doctor to help him . there was an ambulance behind the stage , so the paramedic came right away and took care of bono's finger . like an hour later , he recovered and the show began . 
it was supposed to start at ten , but when the band was going on stage , the singer fell down on some wires that gave the power to all the instruments and all the lights ! suddenly , everything got very dark . the fans started shouting and whistling for the show to begin , while i just stood there trying to see what had happened . then , a security guard started calling for help . i happened to be near him , so i went to help him . he asked me to help bono , the singer , get up and to get him some water . i realised he had broken a finger so i had to get a doctor to help him . there was an ambulance behind the stage , so the paramedic came right away and took care of bono's finger . about an hour later , he recovered and the show began . 
what i liked was that i had the chance to help my idol and to talk to him . 
what i liked was that i had the chance to help my idol and to talk to him . 
bye ! see you soon , 
bye ! see you soon , 
hello helen , 
dear helen , 
i have recived your exiting letter , informing me that i have won two weeks at camp california in the usa . i will answer your questions in this letter begining with the best moment for the camp . 
i have received your exciting letter , informing me that i have won two weeks at camp california in the usa . i will answer your questions in this letter , beginning with the best time for the camp my visit . 
because of my study i will not be free to travel until july and schools goes on in august again so i hope july will be fine . 
because of my studies i will not be free to travel until july and schools go start again in august so i hope july will be fine . 
i much prefer sleeping in tents , it seems more friendly and realy sounds like holydays . 
i much prefer sleeping in tents . it seems friendlier more sociable and really sounds like holidays . 
choosing only two activities in such a bunch of interesting ones was quite hard , but i decided to take the two i've never tried , climbing and surfing . 
choosing only two activities from such a variety of interesting ones was quite hard , but i decided to pick the two i've never tried , climbing and surfing . 
i would like to know what kind of clothes should i bring and wether i can wash it or not , and i'd like to know how much money will i need for extras ? 
i would like to know what kind of clothes i should bring and whether i can wash them or not , and i'd like to know how much money i will need for extras . 
thank you very much 
thank you very much . 
yours sincerely 
yours sincerely , 
andre michel
andre michel
hello kim , 
hello kim , 
how are you ? 
how are you ? 
excuse me for the long time i left you without any news . i wrote you last time that i was going to give a hand for the installation and preparation of " garbage's " concert and you asked me to tell you how it has been . 
forgive me for the long time i left you without any news . i wrote to you last time that i was going to lend a hand with the installation and preparation of " garbage's " concert and you asked me to tell you how it was . 
so one week befor the concert i went at " l'arena " to meet the other worker and receive the instructions . i've had the hounour to help their sound engeineer and branch the cables for microphones ggitares etc . 
so one week before the concert i went to " l'arena " to meet the other worker and receive the instructions . i've had the honour of helping their sound engineer and branching the cables for microphones , guitars etc . 
we realy started to work like ants the morning befor the show . it was exiting looking all three mens working together and building a scene , and it was interresting to help the sound engineer to check the sound and configuring his computers to get the best sound possible . 
we really started to work like ants the morning before the show . it was exciting looking at all three men working together and building a stage , and it was interesting to help the sound engineer to check the sound and configure his computers to get the best sound possible . 
about two hours befor the beginning of the show , we met the band and recieved tickets to backstage , that was wonderful , maybe better than the concert itself ! 
about two hours before the beginning of the show , we met the band and received tickets to go backstage . that was wonderful , maybe better than the concert itself ! 
and the next morning , i was here again to help them folding their stuffs . 
and the next morning i was there again to help them fold put away their stuff . 
that's a great experienc ! 
that's a great experience ! 
now kim , tell me about your side of the show 
now kim , tell me about your side of the show . 
yours andre
yours , andre
i am writing in reply to your letter , which i have received last week , and in fact i am very surprised and please for the prize . 
i am writing in reply to your letter , which i received last week , and in fact i am very surprised and pleased with the prize . 
first of all i would like to travel in july because is my free month since i am student and i am very busy during all year . 
first of all i would like to travel in july because it is my only free month , since i am student and i am very busy all year . 
secondly , according to accommodation , i would prefer to stay in a long cabin , due to i used to use the tent on holiday and i haven't got very good experiences . 
secondly , regarding accommodation , i would prefer to stay in a log cabin , because i used to use a tent on holiday and i haven't got very good experiences . 
thirdly i chose photography and swimming because i have previous experience in these activities and of course i have some diplomas which i will send you . 
thirdly i chose photography and swimming because i have previous experience in these activities and of course i have some diplomas which i will send you . 
in addition , i work every summer as a monitor in the leisure centre in my town . 
in addition , i work every summer as a monitor at the leisure centre in my town . 
apart from this photography is one of my favorite hobbies and i usually spent nearly all my spare time practising it and of course i have some diplomas as well . 
apart from this , photography is one of my favourite hobbies and i usually spend nearly all my spare time doing it and of course i have some diplomas as well . 
lastly i would like to ask you for some questions . 
lastly i would like to ask you some questions . 
on the one hand i would like to have further information about which kind of clothes i need for that area . i don't know if i have to bring only light clothes or both . 
i would like to have further information about what kind of clothes i need for that area . i don't know if i have to bring only light clothes or both light and heavy clothes . 
on the other hand i would like to request all details of accommodation and if you could specifie what this trip includes , since i need to know how much money i have to take . 
i would like to request some information about accommodation and if you could specify what this trip includes , since i need to know how much money i have to take . 
i look forward to receiving a prompt reply . 
i look forward to receiving a prompt reply . 
yours faithfully
yours faithfully
hello it's been ages since we were in touch , i'm sorry i haven't written to you for such a long time but i have been very busy last month , with this job . 
hello , it's been ages since we were in touch . i'm sorry i haven't written to you for such a long time but i was very busy last month , with this job . 
i have to tell you that this experience was wonderful and in fact i enjoyed a lot and of course i knew a lot of people there . 
i have to tell you that this experience was wonderful and in fact i enjoyed it a lot and of course i got to know a lot of people there . 
i found this opportunity through the radio in an advertisement . 
i found this opportunity through the radio in an advertisement . 
on the one hand at first i was a little insure about if i was able to do this job , because they needed people with some skills and experience . but later i decided to call them and ask them for further information about this job . 
at first i was a little unsure about whether i was able to do this job , because they needed people with some skills and experience . but later i decided to call them and ask them for further information about this job . 
after a interview i was chosen for it , i couldn't believe it . i feel that this was a good oportunity for me , not only for my professional but also for my personal life . 
after an interview i was chosen for the job . i couldn't believe it . i feel that this was a good opportunity for me , not only for my professional but also for my personal life . 
moreover i practised a lot of aspect of my speciality , for me was the most important real experience . 
moreover i practised a lot of aspects of my speciality , which for me was the most important real experience . 
according to my job , i had to help the teams with the outlights and of course it had been my first proffesional experience: at the end i felt a member of them , because they were so kind to me , and i could colaborated a lot of and i learnt a lot with this project . 
according to my job , i had to help the teams with the outlights and , of course , it was my first professional experience: in the end i felt like one of them , because they were so kind to me , and i could collaborated collaborate help a lot and i learnt a lot with this project . 
furthermore , i found it very short time and they offered me new project for the summer . 
furthermore , i found the time went quickly and they offered me a new project for the summer . 
i hope to hear from you soon . 
i hope to hear from you soon . 
cracow 8430
cracow 8430
dear competition organiser , 
dear competition organiser , 
i've already decided when i want to take a part at the camp california in usa . the most suitable time for this trip is only in july , because i've planned already the rest of my summer holidays . on june and august , so that's the only time when i can travel there . 
i've already decided when i want to take a part at the camp california in usa . the most suitable time for this trip is only in july , because i've already planned the rest of my summer holidays . in june and august , so that's the only time when i can travel there . 
an accommodation at the camp that is more suitable for me is in log cabins . i prefer that kind of accomodation because i can have a kitchen or even a bathroom there , but i can't have it in tent . 
the accommodation at the camp that is most suitable for me is in log cabins . i prefer that kind of accommodation because i can have a kitchen or even a bathroom there , but i can't have it in a tent . 
i've also choosed two activities , swimming and sailing . these are my favorite because they have a lot to do with water , but i like them more than surfing . 
i've also chosen two activities , swimming and sailing . these are my favourite because they have a lot to do with water , but i like them more than surfing . 
at the end i would like to ask you how much money is needed and what kind of clothes are the best for this camp . 
finally i would like to ask you how much money is needed and what kind of clothes are the best for this camp . 
please answer me soon . 
please answer me soon . 
otto zajac . 
otto zajac . 
shopping is not always enjoyable
shopping is not always enjoyable
i agree with this statement especially when we talk about small shop in the center of a big town . these shops are usually very crowded and you have to wait for a very long time to buy one kilogram of carrots for example . in such a shops there is usually one or one or two sellers , what is not enough when a shop is full of people . that's a place where you lose too much of time and health . 
i agree with this statement especially when we talk about small shops in the centre of a big town . these shops are usually very crowded and you have to wait for a very long time to buy one kilogram of carrots for example . in such shops there is usually one or one or two sales assistants , which is not enough when a shop is full of people . that's a place where you lose too much time and health . 
shopping is more enjoyable if you go to a big supermarket , because there is smaller crowd and more sellers work there . in these days people prefere shopping at supermarkets than at shops or even shopping areas , because shopping at shop is less enjoyable and you spent the same amount of money . 
shopping is more enjoyable if you go to a big supermarket , because there are smaller crowds and more sales assistants work there . these days people prefer shopping at supermarkets rather than at shops or even shopping centres , because shopping at a shop is less enjoyable and you spend the same amount of money . 
dear mrs ryan , 
dear mrs ryan , 
i am replying to your letter for the first prize of the competition , that i won and there are a number of thinks i would like to make clear . 
i am replying to your letter about the first prize in the competition that i won and there are a number of things i would like to make clear . 
you asked me in your last letter when i would like to travel . i think the best time is the first two weeks of july , because i will be free then . i cannot travel earlier because i take an examination and i have to study for it . in addition , i would prefer to have a log cabin , because i am not used to sleeping in a tent , so it would be very difficult for me . at the beginning you state in your last letter that i will have the chance to do two activities . i would prefer basketball and swimming . when i was younger i attend i local basketball team and we became local champions , so i am good at basketball and have a lot of experience . i am also good at swimming . last year i entered a swimming championship and won the silver medal . 
you asked me in your last letter when i would like to travel . i think the best time is the first two weeks of july , because i will be free then . i cannot travel earlier because i will take an examination and i have to study for it . in addition , i would prefer to have a log cabin , because i am not used to sleeping in a tent , so it would be very difficult for me at the beginning . you state in your last letter that i will have the chance to do two activities . i would prefer basketball and swimming . when i was younger i attended was in a local basketball team and we became local champions , so i am good at basketball and have a lot of experience . i am also good at swimming . last year i entered a swimming championship and won the silver medal . 
finally , there is one think i would like to ask . could you tell me what sort of clothes and how much money i should have with me ? 
finally , there is one thing i would like to ask . could you tell me what sort of clothes and how much money i should have with me ? 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
dear kim , 
dear kim , 
many thanks for your last letter . it was great to hear from you again . 
many thanks for your last letter . it was great to hear from you again . 
as you know , i helped at a pop concert last month . and i must say it was fantastic . let's start from the beginning . 
as you know , i helped out at a pop concert last month , and i must say it was fantastic . let's start from the beginning . 
first of all , i had to prepare the clothes of the pop stars . i had to iron them , put them in order , so that the pop stars , who will sing at the concert , look impressive . and handsome . the most exciting things happened later . i saw all the pop stars , talked with them and realized that they are very nice and always helpful . 
first of all , i had to prepare the clothes of the pop stars . i had to iron them , and put them in order , so that the pop stars , who sang at the concert , would look impressive and handsome . the most exciting things happened later . i saw all the pop stars , talked with them and realized that they are very nice and always helpful . 
i had a lot of things to do during the concert . i had to look after the tone that nothing goes wrong . that was very responsible but fortunately i had help from other person . 
i had a lot of things to do during the concert . i had to look after the tone that nothing goes wrong . that was very demanding but fortunately i had help from another person . 
i must say that being in a concert is very nice . but helping in a concert is much nicer . at the end i realized that all your need is co-operation and don't think selfishly . hope to hear from you soon . 
i must say that being at a concert is very nice . but helping at a concert is much nicer . at the end i realized that all you need is co-operation and you mustn't think selfishly . hope to hear from you soon . 
yours
yours
pantelis
pantelis
14 . 06 . 2000
14 . 06 . 2000
dear mrs ryan , 
dear mrs ryan , 
thank you for your letter . i was very glad i won the competition . this trip will , undoubtedly be a wonderful experience . 
thank you for your letter . i am very glad i won the competition . this trip will , undoubtedly , be a wonderful experience . 
as far as the dates of travelling are concerned , the only period available would be in july as i am fully booked for the remaining summer . i really didn't expect to win the trip . i would therefore be very thankful if you could book the tickets for then . 
as far as the dates of travel travel dates are concerned , the only period available would be in july as i am fully booked for the rest of the summer . i really didn't expect to win the trip . i would therefore be very grateful if you could book the tickets for then . 
concerning the accommodation choice you have proposed me , please make sure i am sleeping in a tent , as i have never experienced open air camping before . i think it would be nice to try it at least once . 
concerning the accommodation options you have offered me , please make sure i am sleeping in a tent , as i have never experienced open-air camping before . i think it would be nice to try it at least once . 
concerning the proposed activities please , accept me for singing and painting . the only problem would be that my drawing is pretty bad . concerning singing activities , i think i'm quite good as i have been in my school's choir for 3 years . 
concerning the proposed activities , please , put me down for singing and painting . the only problem would be that my drawing is pretty bad . concerning singing activities , i think i'm quite good as i have been in my school's choir for 3 years . 
could you please include in your next letter some information about the amount of money and clothes we have to carry ? 
could you please include in your next letter some information about the amount of money and clothes we have to bring ? 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
17 october 2000
17 october 2000
dear kim , 
dear kim , 
as you asked me , i write you about my experience at the pop concert . 
as you asked me , i am writing to you about my experience at the pop concert . 
well , on the whole , it was pretty cool . there was no big stress about it . the only thing i was asked to do was to help carry the lunches of the singers and to help with light and sound management , when the guy there had to do something else . oh yes , i also had to check the tickets for five minutes . the woman had to deliver something . the problem about this job is that you have to deal with huge amounts of people . there were 963 persons in the " armaggedon " that night ! 
well , on the whole , it was pretty cool . there was no big stress about it . the only thing i was asked to do was to help carry the lunches of the singers and to help with light and sound management , when the guy there had to do something else . oh yes , i also had to check the tickets for five minutes . the woman had to deliver something . the problem with this job is that you have to deal with huge numbers of people . there were 963 people at the " armageddon " that night ! 
but , as i said , the whole thing was fun . you must show a great sence of responsibility . but , kim , can you see an other way to meet the " new bentley " for free , talk to them and even get paid ? that was my best day ever , the one i shared a meal with paul mcpartney . i'm sure you are jalous now . don't worry they still organise these " youth work " programs . 
but , as i said , the whole thing was fun . you must show a great sense of responsibility . but , kim , can you see another way to meet the " new bentley " for free , talk to them and even get paid ? that was my best day ever , the one when i shared a meal with paul mcpartney . i'm sure you are jealous now . don't worry they still organise these " youth work " programmes . 
with love
with love
john
john
dear sir/madam ! 
dear sir/madam 
thank you very much for your letter . i was surprised because i didn't expect that i could win . 
thank you very much for your letter . i was surprised because i didn't expect that i could win . 
now i study and i'll continue my study untill the end of june . then i'll have holiday which finish in august . that's why i'd like to travel only in july . 
now i am studying and i'll continue my studies until the end of june . then i'll have a holiday which finishes will finish in august . that's why i'd like to travel only in july . 
i prefer to live in log cabin because i think it's more comfortable . there are warmer and drier and i'm afraid of insects and spiders . 
i prefer to stay in a log cabin because i think it's more comfortable . they are warmer and drier and i'm afraid of insects and spiders . 
it's really great that you can suggest how to spend the rest time , because i enjoy swimming and it doesn't matter where in the lake or swimming-pool . i think it's very usefull and helpful thing for my health especially when i do it with pleasure . the second my favorit sport is tennis . i've played tennis for ten years i'm a profesional and i have to be good at it , in any time . 
it's really great that you can suggest how to spend the rest of the time , because i enjoy swimming and it doesn't matter where - in the lake or swimming pool . i think it's a very useful and helpful thing for my health , especially when i do it with pleasure . the second of my favourite sports is tennis . i've played tennis for ten years . i'm a professional and i have to be good at it , in any time . 
i want to ask you about money . how much money i need and if i have to have them in cash or i can use a credit card . could you let me know about the weather because i don't know what kind of clothes i should take . would you send me your answer as fast as it possible . i look forward to seeing you soon . thank you
i want to ask you about money . how much money do i need and do i have to have it in cash or can i use a credit card ? could you let me know about the weather because i don't know what kind of clothes i should take . would you send me your answer as quickly as it is possible . i look forward to seeing you soon . thank you
yours faithfully
yours faithfully
katerina petrov
katerina petrov
hi , kim ! 
hi , kim ! 
how are you ? i'm fine soon i'll have my holiday and i look forward for them but now i have a lot of exams and if i want to pass them i have to learn a lot . 
how are you ? i'm fine . soon i'll have my holiday and i look forward to that but now i have a lot of exams and if i want to pass them i have to learn a lot . 
now i want to tell you about a pop concert as you have already knowen i helped my father to organize this concert . i was doing a lot of things like redecorating , drawing . sometimes i gave some advices about suits and dresses . often we looked repetitions and if something didn't like us we tried to correct it . the most enjoable thing was to smart people . we have a good and rich sponsor , that's why we could buy a lot of different materials with different colours and we tried to be polite with actors even if they didn't want to wear that part of cloth which we thought was more similar to their style . we always explained them and at the end they agreed with us . these days were so busy . but when we saw our show and heard how loud audience claped them we were proud and understood that we spent a good time . you should try it and feel . i'll be waiting for your answer . 
now i want to tell you about a pop concert . as you have already known already know i helped my father to organize this concert . i was doing a lot of things like redecorating , drawing . sometimes i gave some advice about suits and dresses . often we saw rehearsals and if something didn't appeal to us we tried to correct it . the most enjoyable thing was to dress people . we have a good and rich sponsor . that's why we could buy a lot of different materials with different colours and we tried to be polite with actors even if they didn't want to wear that piece of clothing which we thought was more suitable most suitable for their style . we always explained things to them and in the end they agreed with us . these days were so busy . but when we saw our show and heard how loudly the audience clapped applauded them we were proud and understood that we spent a good time . you should try it and see . i'll be waiting for your answer . 
best wishes . 
best wishes . 
katerina . 
katerina . 
dear mrs . ryan , 
dear mrs . ryan , 
thank you very much for your letter . i am very happy to be the winner of the competition and i am looking forward to come to camp california . 
thank you very much for your letter . i am very happy to be the winner of the competition and i am looking forward to coming to camp california . 
i hope there will be no problem if i travel in july , as this is the only free period i have . from august , in fact , i will start with a new job and i will not be able to live rome for a long period . 
i hope there will be no problem if i travel in july , as this is the only free period i have . in august , , i will start a new job and i will not be able to leave rome for a long time . 
as far as accommodation is concerned , i would prefer to stay in a log cabin , because tents are too hot for me . 
as far as accommodation is concerned , i would prefer to stay in a log cabin , because tents are too hot for me . 
i am also pleased to have the chance to do some activities and i would like to choose something i am not able to do so . so , i have decided to chose photography and surfing because i am an absolute beginner at both of them . 
i am also pleased to have the chance to do some activities and i would like to choose something i am not able to do . so , i have decided to choose photography and surfing because i am an absolute beginner at both of them . 
please let me know how is the climate like at the camp , so that i can take with me the right kind of clothes . it would be also useful for me to know if there will be some extra expenses , in order to take enough money for two weeks . 
please let me know what the climate is like at the camp , so that i can take with me the right kind of clothes . it would also be useful for me to know if there will be any extra expenses , in order to take enough money for two weeks . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
vittoria santini
vittoria santini
being a woman , i naturally love shopping . it is a really great pleasure going in and out from different shops , try on a variety of clothes and shoes , and finally go back home with dozens of bags in your hands . 
being a woman , i naturally love shopping . it is a really great pleasure going in and out of different shops , trying on a variety of clothes and shoes , and finally going back home with dozens of bags in your hands . 
however , there are a few moments in which you cannot enjoy shopping . the first one is the christmas period . shops are incredibly crowded . you cannot try on a dress and decide to buy it or not in peace , because outside there is a queue of people waiting for their turn . in many cases , you do not even find the things you want , because shops run out of products very quickly . moreover , during this period , prices are usually much higher than in the other month's . 
however , there are a few times when you cannot enjoy shopping . the first one is the christmas period . shops are incredibly crowded . you cannot try on a dress and decide to buy it , or not in peace , because outside there is a queue of people waiting for their turn . in many cases , you do not even find the things you want , because the shops run out of products very quickly . moreover , during this period , prices are usually much higher than in the other months . 
another situation in which shopping is not enjoyable , is when you go shopping with a man . for the majority of men , in fact , shopping is the most boring activity in the world . a man will try to prevent you from trying more than one dress and will refuse to stay in the same shop for more than five minutes . 
another situation in which shopping is not enjoyable is when you go shopping with a man . for the majority of men , in fact , shopping is the most boring activity in the world . a man will try to prevent you from trying more than one dress on and will refuse to stay in the same shop for more than five minutes . 
anyway , apart from these two cases , shopping is always very amusing . 
anyway , apart from these two cases , shopping is always very amusing . 
dear helen ryan
dear helen ryan
i'm writing back to tell you that i am happy to accept this prize and to give you some further information that you need from me . 
i'm writing to tell you that i am happy to accept this prize and to give you some further information that you need from me . 
if it's possible i would like to travel on july because of my job . i can't leave it until this month and i'm not able to travel at any other time of the year . 
if it's possible i would like to travel in july because of my job . i can't leave it until that month and i'm not able to travel at any other time of year . 
as i see i have the chance to choose what accommodation i prefer . i would like to stay in a tent because i'm used to go camping at weekends but if there's any problem i could be very confortable in a log cabin too . 
as i see i have the chance to choose the accommodation i prefer , i would like to stay in a tent because i used to go camping at weekends but if there's any problem i could be very comfortable in a log cabin too . 
it's incredible the large list of interesting activities that you offer . it's difficult just to try two but if i have the chance i would like to practice sailing and photography . i have never done noon of them before and as a result i can't be good but i've always wanted to sail because i love the sea and now i have the opportunitie . i also think that it would be great to learn photography because it will give me the chance to go sightseeing and find wonderful places to take pictures . 
the large list of interesting activities that you offer is incredible . it's difficult just to choose two but if i have the chance i would like to practise do sailing and photography . i have never tried none either of them before and as a result i can't be good at them but i've always wanted to sail because i love the sea and now i have the opportunity . i also think that it would be great to learn about photography because it will give me the chance to go sightseeing and find wonderful places to take pictures . 
if you don't mind i would like to know what kind of clothes are apropriate for the camp and for the weather of california . and also may i have to bring money ? because i know that all the costs are paid but it could be necessary for other things . 
if you don't mind i would like to know what kind of clothes are appropriate for the camp and for the californian weather . and also will i have to bring any money ? i know that all the expenses are paid but it could be necessary for other things . 
i look forward to hear from you . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
luna juarez . 
luna juarez . 
i completely agree with the following statement:
i completely agree with the following statement:
" shopping is not always enjoyable " 
" shopping is not always enjoyable " 
from my point of view a lot of people believe that it's very fun to go shopping and it's a great way to spend saturday afternoons and that's true but in my opinion go shopping can be stressing and disgusting . 
in my opinion a lot of people believe that it's great fun to go shopping and it's a great way to spend saturday afternoons and that's true , but in my opinion going shopping can be stressful and disgusting . 
first of all we usually go to the shops at the same time than the rest of the world and that's a little bit complicated because the shops are fulled and it's impossible to try acurately . 
first of all , we usually go to the shops at the same time as the rest of the world and that's a little bit complicated because the shops are full and it's impossible to try accurately . 
secondly you have to thank before you come in a shop if you're going to have luck . i mean that you have to wait until the seller came to know if he or she is going to drive you crazy . thirdly you have to pray to find the right size and once you've got it you have to think does it fits me ? 
secondly you have to think before you enter a shop if you're going to have any luck . i mean that you have to wait until the shop assistant comes to know if he or she is going to drive you crazy . thirdly you have to pray you find the right size and once you've got it you have to think does it fit me ? , " does it fit me ? " 
and after all of this it's important when you're going shopping to have a big amount of money or you will end stressed , disgusted , and depressed . 
and after all of this it's important when you're going shopping to have a large amount of money or you will end up stressed , disgusted , and depressed . 
at last but not at least let me give you some advice try not to go with that friend of yours that is crazy about clothes and shoes because she wants you to be like her and that will be awful . 
last but not least let me give you some advice , try not to go with that friend of yours who is crazy about clothes and shoes because she wants you to be like her and that would be awful . 
18 june 2000
18 june 2000
dear ms ryan , 
dear ms ryan , 
thank you very much for your letter . i have just received it yesterday . i am very exciting . 
thank you very much for your letter . i just received it yesterday . i am very excited . 
i would like to go to california in the u . s . a . in july . it is the only month that i can have my holiday in a year and it would be nice in the summer time . 
i would like to go to california in the u . s . a . in july . it is the only month that i can have my holiday this year and it will be nice in the summertime . 
about the accommodation at camp california , i prefer a log cabin . it would be nice and safe for me than the tents . the activities i would like to choose the swimming and sailing . it could be fun for me because i like swimming and sailing could be exciting too . 
regarding the accommodation at camp california , i prefer a log cabin . it would be nicer and safer for me than the tents . the activities i would like to choose are swimming and sailing . it could be fun for me because i like swimming , and sailing could be exciting too . 
lastly , i would like to know about the money and clothes . how about the weather in california in july ? is it hot or raining ? then i can prepare my clothes , or can we buy some clothes there ? are they accept the credit card or only cash . i don't want to take money with me . 
lastly , i would like to know about the money and clothes . how about the weather in california in july ? is it hot or raining ? and can i prepare my clothes , or can we buy some clothes there ? do they accept credit cards or only cash ? i don't want to take money with me . 
i would be greatful if you could send me the full details . many thanks . 
i would be grateful if you could send me the full details . many thanks . 
yours faithfully , 
yours faithfully , 
in the following paragraps i will discuss the advantages and disadvantages about shopping . 
in the following paragraphs i will discuss the advantages and disadvantages of shopping . 
everyone needs to shopping everyday . it is very important thing for our life . we need food , clothes , book etc . there are many kinds of thing for shopping and they are different for example the price , the quality
everyone needs to shop every day . it is a very important thing for our life . we need food , clothes , books etc . there are many kinds of thing for shopping and they are different , for example the price , the quality
in suppermarket , shop , department store have many things . we could buy mostly all we need in one store . it is very convenien . 
in a supermarket , shop or department store they have many things . we could buy almost all we need in one store . it is very convenient . 
on the other hand , shopping is not always easy . sometime , it's so many people and they are not friendly at all or you are hurry while you are in the long queu . 
on the other hand , shopping is not always easy . sometimes , there's there are so many people and they are not friendly at all or you are in a hurry while you are in a long queue . 
we have seen then , shopping is very important for our life . most people enjoy shopping because it more convenien for today but if you found the busy place for shopping or it is not as good as you expect . it would not enjoyable for you . 
we have seen then that shopping is very important for our life . most people enjoy shopping because it is more convenient today but if you found a busy place for shopping or it was not as good as you expected , it would not be enjoyable for you . 
dear ryan , 
dear ryan , 
i'm just finish reading the letter from you about won first prize in your competition two weeks at camp california in the u . s . a . you had ask me some further information . 
i've just finished reading the letter from you about winning first prize in your competition - two weeks at camp california in the u . s . a . you asked me for some further information . 
i would like to travel on the july only because i'll be free for the whole month . so any date on the july . i'd like to accommodation at camp california in tents . because i like to sleep in tent when i go camping . also i would like to choose the two activities that you had gave me on the list . i would like to choose swimming and photography . i'm good in swimming . i used to swim for the school team . but i never do photography before . i love to take a photo but never have chance to do so . but i have chance to choose . 
i would like to travel in july only because i'll be free for the whole month . so any date in july . i'd like to stay at camp california in tents , because i like to sleep in a tent when i go camping . also i would like to choose the two activities that you have given me on the list from the list that you have given me . i would like to choose swimming and photography . i'm good at swimming . i used to swim for the school team . but i have never done photography before . i love to take photos but never have a chance to do so . but i have a chance to choose . 
also i would like to ask you some questions . do i have to bring a lots of money ? i mean do i have to pay for the tent ? what about the clothes do i have to bring a lot ? that is all i want to know . thank you
also i would like to ask you some questions . do i have to bring lots of money ? i mean do i have to pay for the tent ? what about the clothes ? do i have to bring a lot ? that is all i want to know . thank you
your sincerely
yours sincerely
lindsay wattana
lindsay wattana
10/05/2000
10/05/2000
dear kim , 
dear kim , 
hi , how are you ? i'm fine . i just got your letter yesterday . you had ask me a question about my experience helping at a pop concert . you wanted me to tell you about it right ? 
hi , how are you ? i'm fine . i just got your letter yesterday . you asked me a question about my experience of helping at a pop concert . you wanted me to tell you about it , right ? 
well , it quite fun while i helping them to do the stuff before the concert gonna start . i have to get everythings that they need up to the stair . it's so tried . then after that i have to help them carry all the clothes for the singer to wear from the bus down in to the stuff room . i saw westlife too you know they are so cute . then i can take rest about 30 mins . after that i have to go in to the stuff room again because they wanted me to go and buy some drink for the singer . after i came back i have to help them clean all the make up stuff . the concert begin . . . that mean i can take rest until the concert finish . after the concert had finish i have to help them again to clean all the stuff . the carry everythings that i can carry back to the bus . we were so tried but it's good fun . i think this experience was quite interesting . if somebody ask me to go and help again i would like to go for sure . 
well , it was quite fun while i was helping them to do the stuff before the concert was gonna start started . i had to get everything that they needed up the stairs . it was so tiring . then after that i had to help them carry all the clothes for the singer to wear from the bus down into the staff room . i saw westlife too . you know they are so cute . then i could take a rest for about 30 mins . after that i had to go into the staff room again because they wanted me to go and buy some drink for the singer . after i came back i had to help them clean all the make-up stuff . the concert began . . . that meant i could take a rest until the concert finished . after the concert had finished i had to help them again to clean all the stuff , i had to carry everything that i could carry back to the bus . we were so tired but it was good fun . i think this experience was quite interesting . if somebody asked me to go and help again i would like to go for sure . 
that's all i did in the pop concert for my experience . what about your experience ? don't forget to tell me about yours okay . . . better go to sleep now . bye
that's all i did at the pop concert for my experience . what about your experience ? don't forget to tell me about yours , okay . . . better go to sleep now . bye
antonia . 
antonia . 
dear sir/madam
dear sir/madam
thank you for your lovely letter ? i was really surprise to heared i have won in your competition . 
thank you for your lovely letter . i was really surprised to heard hear i had won your competition . 
with pleasure i'll give all information wich you need . 
it will be a pleasure to give you all the information which you need . 
i would like to book my tickets from the beginning of july . the 3rd of july will suit to me . 
i would like to book my tickets for the beginning of july . the 3rd of july will suit me . 
as far as i know accomodation at camp california is in tents or log cabins . i prefer log cabins . it's more convinient for me . 
as far as i know accommodation at camp california is in tents or log cabins . i prefer log cabins . it's more convenient for me . 
i am very glad i can chose two activities while i will at the camp . i am keen on basketball , i played in my country for 7 years . i am good diffender . 
i am very glad i can choose two activities while i am at the camp . i am keen on basketball . i played in my country for 7 years . i am a good defender . 
i would like to choose surfing like my second activities . i've never done it before . i'd like to get some lessons if it's possible . i've seen how people do it but i've never tried it my own . 
i would like to choose surfing as my second activity . i've never done it before . i'd like to get some lessons if it's possible . i've seen how people do it but i've never tried it myself . 
i'd like to know what temperature in july in california and youre advice about how much money i will need to have an unforgetable hollydays ! 
i'd like to know what temperature it will be in july in california and you're your advice about how much money i will need to have an unforgettable holidays holiday ! 
yours sincerely 
yours faithfully 
is shopping not always enjoyable , is it ? 
shopping is not always enjoyable , is it ? 
we can't say that is always enjoyable or is not . every new day is not the same . but . . . 
we can't say that it is always enjoyable or it is not . every new day is not the same . but . . . 
i think that good shopping depends on ourself . if we decided to by somthing special and we have enough money for it we have to go and buy it . probably , maybe not . 
i think that good shopping depends on ourselves us . if we decide to buy something special and we have enough money for it we have to go and buy it . probably , maybe not . 
some times we have to have deal with not good service or for example could you imagine it on your way to shop you have met wrong people or someone told you bad news . 
sometimes we have to deal with unsatisfactory service or , for example , can you imagine it on your way to the shop you have met wrong people meeting the wrong people on the way to the shop or someone telling you bad news . 
or quality of your new thing is not so good that you really expected . situations are variously . 
or perhaps the quality of your new thing is not so good as you expected . the situations are various . 
maybe you will spend all your money for a new thing and a few hours later your best friend will invite you to go to night-club but you are short of money . some people will do crazy things in situation like this . they will hate this new thing because they will miss a party . 
maybe you will spend all your money on a new thing and a few hours later your best friend will invite you to go to a night-club but you will be short of money . some people will do crazy things in a situation like this . they will hate this new thing because they will miss a party . 
but i want to wish you have a good enjoyable shopping all your way . 
but i want to wish you some enjoyable shopping all your way . 
dear miss helen ryan , 
dear miss helen ryan , 
i am writing to you because i am very glad for my first place in the competition , i am going to tell you the things that you ask me on your letter . 
i am writing to you because i am very glad about my first place in the competition . i am going to tell you about the things that you ask me about in your letter . 
i would like to travel on july because is the perfect time to go to the camp and is summer . 
i would like to travel in july because it is the perfect time to go to the camp and it is summer . 
accommodation at camp i would like to choose cabins because i think i would be protected from the animals and the cold . 
regarding accommodation at camp , i would like to choose cabins because i think i would be protected from the animals and the cold . 
furthermore for the activities i want to select tennis and basketball because i haves been playing tennis since i was young and basketball because i played for the team in my college like the capitan . 
furthermore , for the activities i want to select tennis and basketball because i have been playing tennis since i was young and basketball because i played for the team in my college as the captain . 
i want to ask you one more thing i do not have any idea about how much money and clothes i have to bring would you give me an advice to know how much i need to bring
i want to ask you one more thing . i do not have any idea about how much money and clothing i have to bring . would you give me some advice about how much i need to bring
i look forward to heard from you
i look forward to hearing from you
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
dear kim , 
dear kim , 
i'm writing to you to tell you about my experience when i was helping at a pop concert , well first let me tell you that my job was helping the artist if they need something , for example give them water or snacks . 
i'm writing to you to tell you about my experience helping at a pop concert . well first let me tell you that my job was helping the artists if they needed something , for example giving them water or snacks . 
it wasn't very exciting job but you can knew a lot of pop artists that was the good thing because they gave their t-shirts also i could chat with them for a few minutes . another good thing was that all the people wants to be in your place and they were very jealous about me . 
it wasn't very exciting work but you could know meet a lot of pop artists , which was the good thing about it because they gave away their t-shirts , also i could chat with them for a few minutes . another good thing was that all the people wanted to be in your place and they were very jealous of me . 
any way , this was my own experience working at the concert , if you have any oportunity to help at any concert you should help because you have a lot of fun as well ok . 
anyway , this was my experience working at the concert . if you have an opportunity to help at any concert you should help because you have a lot of fun as well , ok . 
i'm looking forward to hearing from you . 
i'm looking forward to hearing from you . 
best wishes
best wishes
helen ryan
helen ryan
competitor organiser
competitor organiser
dear helen , 
dear helen , 
i am writing to you in replay to the letter i have recently recived , to inform you about some details that i am concerned about . first of all i want you to know that i would prefer to travel in july due to the exam i will be taking in june and , afterwards , i will start my university studies in september which means lots of things to be sorted out . 
i am writing to you , in reply to the letter i have recently received , to inform you about some details that i am concerned about . first of all i want you to know that i would prefer to travel in july due to the exam i will be taking in june and , afterwards , i will start my university studies in september which means there are lots of things to be sorted out . 
secondly , i prefer staying in log cabins because it is easyer for me to keep my personal belongings clean and tidy apart from the fact that i am terribly afraid of insects such as spiders and ants . 
secondly , i prefer staying in log cabins because it is easier for me to keep my personal belongings clean and tidy , apart from the fact that i am terribly afraid of insects such as spiders and ants . 
in your letter you settled the possibility to choose two activities and i would like to let you know that i would be pleased if i could join to basketball and climbing , as i am very good at both of them due to i've played in my secondary scholl as leader of my team and due to my long training periods in lifting weights . 
in your letter you presented the possibility of choosing two activities and i would like to let you know that i would be pleased if i could join in with basketball and climbing , as i am very good at both of them because i played basketball in my secondary school as captain of the team and due to my long training sessions lifting weights . 
lastly , do i need to take with me any special staff of clothes ? do i need some money ? and if it is so , how much ? 
lastly , do i need to take with me any special kind of clothes ? do i need some money ? and if so , how much ? 
i'm looking forward to hearing from you soon . 
i'm looking forward to hearing from you soon . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
shopping is not always enjoyable
shopping is not always enjoyable
suppose you go shopping with your girlfriend , that means that you will have to spend hours walking behind her from one shop to another and during the time that she is trying the items on , you have to bear with the odds faces of the other women looking at you as if you were an alien into their territory . 
suppose you go shopping with your girlfriend , that means that you will have to spend hours walking behind her from one shop to another and during the time that she is trying the items on , you have to bear the odds faces of the other women looking at you as if you were an alien on their territory . 
there is as well the struggle you have to endure when you find yourself into the crowds crambled in the small shops during the unique day-off you have to buy somthing you like . all this can easily leads to a nerve-collapse , particularly when you realise that your money has been stolen either during your difficult way across the crowds or while you were qeuing to pay . if this wasn't enough you strength and mental health can be completely destroyed when despite having been stolen , having spent hours walking around and being tired and hungry you finally buy something you really liked with your credit card and after having walked a few blocks you see the same item at half price in another shop . 
there is , as well , the struggle you have to endure when you find yourself in the crowds , crammed in the small shops during the only day-off you have to buy something you like . all this can easily lead to a nervous breakdown , particularly when you realise that your money has been stolen either during your difficult way through the crowds or while you were queuing to pay . if this wasn't enough your strength and mental health can be completely destroyed when , despite having been robbed , having spent hours walking around and being tired and hungry , you finally buy something you really like with your credit card and , after having walked a few blocks , you see the same item at half the price in another shop . 
dear helen ryan , 
dear helen ryan , 
i'm the winner of the first prize in your competion and i'm writing to you to give some information which was required for you . 
i'm the winner of the first prize in your competition and i'm writing to you to give you some information which was requested by you . 
your first question was about when i'd like to travel . well , it's only possible in july because of the university's holiday ( during the rest of the year i'm attending to the classes ) . 
your first question was about when i'd like to travel . well , it's only possible in july because of the university's holiday ( during the rest of the year i'm attending classes ) . 
if i can choose accommodation i prefer log cabins , because when i've been in camps , it always has been in tents , then i'd like to change and try this other kind of accommodation . 
if i can choose my accommodation i would prefer a log cabin , because when i've been on camps campsites before , it always has been in tents , then i'd like to change and try this other kind of accommodation . 
it's really difficult choose two activities from that list . everyone are very interesting . anyway , i think basketball could be the right because it's the sport that i'm practising from i was a child and photography because it's my hobby on my free time , i'm really enjoy it and i can say i'm so good in it . 
it's really difficult to choose two activities from that list . every one is very interesting . anyway , i think basketball could be the right choice because it's the sport that i've been playing since i was a child , and photography because it's my hobby in my free time . i really enjoy it and i can say i'm so good at it . 
i was wondering which kind of clothes we need and what about money and meals , are they provided ? or can we find some places to buy it ? 
i was wondering what kind of clothes we need and what about money and meals ? are they provided ? or can we find some places to buy it ? 
i suppose it's everything that you need from me . any other question don't hesitate to ask me . i'm looking forward to hearing from you , again . 
i suppose that's everything that you need from me . if you have any other questions don't hesitate to ask me . i'm looking forward to hearing from you , again . 
yours faithfully , 
yours sincerely , 
shopping is not always enjoyable . 
shopping is not always enjoyable . 
i think shopping is a subject really up to date . i can say that nowadays is growing up very quickly in our society like a kind of sport or hobby to waste or spend the free time . and it's creating a lot of adict people , call " shopalcoholics " . 
i think shopping is a subject really topical really topical subject . i can say that nowadays it is growing up very quickly in our society , like a kind of sport or hobby , as a way to waste or spend our free time . and it's creating a lot of addict addicted people , called " shopaholics " . 
otherwise shopping is not always enjoyable . you can spend hours and hours going shopping and not find what you were looking for , perhaps because it is not your size or the colour that you like , or just nothing is suitable to you . another common problem could be the long queue in the fitting rooms waiting stand up for your turn . after that , the unfriendly and sometime's unpolite shop assistance who breaks your nerves down . but never mind ! the worst arrive when you get at home in the evening and find a chair to sit because your feet are killing you and realize you have spent all the money without buying the stuff that you need to cook tonight . 
otherwise shopping is not always enjoyable . you can spend hours and hours shopping and not find what you are looking for , perhaps because it is not in your size or the colour that you like , or just nothing is suitable for you . another common problem could be the long queue in the fitting rooms , where you wait standing up for your turn . after that , there is the unfriendly and sometimes impolite shop assistant who gets on your nerves . but never mind ! the worst arrives is when you get home in the evening and find a chair to sit in because your feet are killing you and you realize you have spent all your money without buying the stuff that you need to cook tonight . 
dear madame , 
dear madam , 
i am writting this letter to informe you about the decisions i have made according to your questions . 
i am writing this letter to inform you about the decisions i have made regarding your questions . 
first of all i would like to travel on july because i will i have finished my exams by the end of june . i will not be able to travel on august because i have found a job for that month . 
first of all i would like to travel in july because i will have finished my exams by the end of june . i will not be able to travel in august because i have found a job for that month . 
secondly i would prefer to be accommodate in log cabins . when i was a child i was affraid of all these little insects that they live in the ground and this fear still remain till now . i also think that the log cabin will be much more confortable than the tent . 
secondly i would prefer to be accommodated stay in a log cabin . when i was a child i was afraid of all these little insects that live in the ground and this fear still remains now . i also think that the log cabin will be much more comfortable than the tent . 
asketball and swimming are the two activities i have chosen . i play basketball since i was twelve years old and i am member of the basketball school team for four years . in swimming i had won the first price of a local competition . 
basketball basketball and swimming are the two activities i have chosen . i have played basketball since i was twelve years old and i have been a member of the school basketball team for four years . in swimming i won the first prize in a local competition . 
finaly i would like to ask you for some further informations about the clothes and the money we will need . 
finally i would like to ask you for some further information about the clothes and the money we will need . 
yours sincerely 
yours faithfully 
dear kim , 
dear kim , 
as you already know , last month i was helping at a pop concert . it was a very excited experience and i really enjoyed very much . 
as you already know , last month i was helping at a pop concert . it was a very exciting experience and i really enjoyed myself very much . 
i didn't have to do something very difficult . i was only responsable for the property of the back stages . but if anyone was been asking for some help i was always there . 
i didn't have to do anything very difficult . i was only responsible for the property of the back stages . but if anyone was asking asked for some help i was always there . 
the most exciting about this experience was to meet all these well-known people . i was shocked and terrified the firt time i saw them , but the truth is that they are men like us . they have a very simple life and behavior when they weren't on the scene 
the most exciting thing about this experience was meeting all these well-known people . i was shocked and terrified the first time i saw them , but the truth is that they are men like us . they have a very simple life and behaviour when they aren't on the stage . 
if i have the opportunity next month i really want to go back . i will definitely apply for a place . 
if i have the opportunity next month i really want to go back . i will definitely apply for a place . 
love
love
kelly . 
kelly . 
13-06-00
13-06-00
dear helen ryan
dear helen ryan
competition organiser
competition organiser
i recived your letter about i won two weeks at camp california in the u . s . a . 
i received your letter about the two weeks i won at camp california in the u . s . a . 
i would like travel july because i will have holidays in this mounth . 
i would like to travel in july because i will have holidays in that month . 
about the accommodation at camp , i prefer in tents because i love sleep in tents , is more interesting than sleep in log cabins . 
about the accommodation at camp , i prefer a tent because i love to sleep in tents . it is more interesting than sleeping in log cabins . 
i would like do climbing and sailing while i'm at the camp , i can climbing very well i used to climbing ten years ago in my country . 
i would like to do climbing and sailing while i'm at the camp . i can climb very well . i used to climb ten years ago in my country . 
i'm worried about what kind of clothes i will need in the camp ? and how much money i have to carry for the trip ? could you answer my questions please as soon as you can , because i'm nervous , and i need your soon answer , and i will have talk with my parents about camp . 
i'm worried about what kind of clothes i will need in the camp ? and how much money i have to bring for the trip ? could you answer my questions please as soon as you can , because i'm nervous , and i need your answer soon , and i will have a talk with my parents about the camp . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
i agree with shopping is not always enjoyable . nowadays , the people are always buying anythings maybe they don't need this things , only buy because is in fashion . 
i agree that shopping is not always enjoyable . nowadays , people are always buying anything things when maybe they don't need these things , but only buy them because they are in fashion . 
in the first place , when the people think only in go to the shopping forgot others things: play with their children , talk with than parents , friends . 
in the first place , when people think only about going shopping they forget other things: playing with their children , talking with their parents , friends . 
in the other hands , when the people go to shopping spend a lot of money . 
on the other hand , when people go shopping they spend a lot of money . 
i my view , is more enjoyable do others things than go to shopping because , maybe " you lose your money " . 
i my view , it is more enjoyable to do other things than to go shopping because , maybe , " you waste your money " . 
dear madame 
dear madam 
i'm very surprised about the good news and i'm sure i'll really have a good time in california . 
i'm very surprised about the good news and i'm sure i'll really have a good time in california . 
i'm happy to answer to your questions . 
i'm happy to answer your questions . 
first of all , i would like to travel in july because my boss won't let me free in august . 
first of all , i would like to travel in july because my boss won't let me take time off in august . 
secondly , i would like to stay in tents because i like camping a lot and i do it whenever i can . regarding to the activities , i choose swimming and tennis . 
secondly , i would like to stay in a tent because i like camping a lot and i do it whenever i can . regarding the activities , i choose swimming and tennis . 
i'm a good swimmer and i would like to do it in the californian see . i don't think i'll have the chance of doing it again in the future . 
i'm a good swimmer and i would like to do it in the californian sea sea . i don't think i'll have the chance to do it again in the future . 
on the contrary , i'm an absolute beginner in playing tennis and i'm not fit in running but i chose it because it is a sport i've always wanted to learn but i've never had enough free time . 
on the contrary , i'm an absolute beginner at playing tennis and i'm not fit enough for running but i chose it because it is a sport i've always wanted to learn but i've never had enough free time . 
there is something i would like to ask you . what kind of clothes am i supposed to bring with me ? and what about money ? should i bring cash or a credit card is all i will need ? 
there is something i would like to ask you . what kind of clothes am i supposed to bring with me ? and what about money ? should i bring cash or is a credit card all i will need ? 
and what about sanitary precautions ? 
and what about sanitary precautions ? 
i can't ? look forward to start this adventure . 
i can't wait to start this adventure . 
yours sincerily 
yours sincerely 
carla reale
carla reale
shopping is not always enjoyable
shopping is not always enjoyable
i'm a woman and they say that shopping is women's best activity . but i have a particular problem . i'm not slim and i'm a little ashamed of my body . that's why shopping is not an easy thing to do . in fact i can't buy whatever i like and i can't follow fashions just like the other women do . when i go shopping i always have to ask for the extra-large size and harder to find it . 
i'm a woman and they say that shopping is women's favourite activity . but i have a particular problem . i'm not slim and i'm a little ashamed of my body . that's why shopping is not an easy thing to do . in fact i can't buy whatever i like and i can't follow fashions like the other women do . when i go shopping i always have to ask for the extra-large size and it's harder to find it . 
i see a lot of pretty things but i have to quit the idea of wearing them just because i think that they won't look so pretty on me . 
i see a lot of pretty things but i have to abandon the idea of wearing them just because i think that they won't look so pretty on me . 
and if this is a problem to me , imagine how bad a very fat woman ( or man ) should feel . 
and if this is a problem for me , imagine how bad a very fat woman ( or man ) would feel . 
often they must go in special shops to by their clothes . it looks like a sort of racism and unfortunately our society looks for beauty . just think about commercials . they're full of perfect people . the sort of people you will never find in real life . 
often they must go to special shops to buy their clothes . it looks like a sort of racism and unfortunately our society looks for beauty . just think about commercials . they're full of perfect people . the sort of people you will never find in real life . 
will this ever change ? 
will this ever change ? 
i hope so , but , in the meantime , i'm on a diet . 
i hope so , but , in the meantime , i'm on a diet . 
dear helen . 
dear helen , 
it is so nice to hear the news from you that i have won the first prize . i'm looking forward to getting sun-tanned under the sun in california . 
it is so nice to hear the news from you that i have won the first prize . i'm looking forward to getting sun-tanned under the sun in california . 
here are the information which you asked me for . i would like to travel in july , because it is the only month that i will be able to take off days . 
here is the information which you asked me for . i would like to travel in july , because it is the only month that i will be able to take days off . 
also my kids have school holidays during this month therefore i hope to travel in mid of july . 
also my kids have school holidays during this month therefore i hope to travel in mid july . 
i'd prefer to say in log cabins . because our family had some bad experiences with using tents . whenever we used a tent , we had bugs or the rain dropped inside the tent . 
i'd prefer to say in log cabins , because our family had some bad experiences with using tents . whenever we used a tent , we had bugs or the rain dropped inside the tent . 
it was very difficult to choose only two of those fascinating activities , but i made a decision , which is golf and photography . since my hobby is taking photos i am very interested in this field and have studied by myself about it . but golf is an absolute new trial . i can imagine myself playing golf in those beautiful californian golf-courses . even though i'm poorly skilled . 
it was very difficult to choose only two of those fascinating activities , but i made a decision , which is golf and photography . since my hobby is taking photos i am very interested in this field and have studied by myself about it . but golf is an absolutely new trial . i can imagine myself playing golf on those beautiful californian golf-courses . even though i'm poorly skilled . 
especially i wonder what else i have to pack to go there . inform me if i have to bring special dresses or only outdoor clothes , and also if it is necessary to bring some money for me . 
i wonder what else i have to pack to go there . inform me if i have to bring special dresses or only outdoor clothes , and also if it is necessary to bring some money with me . 
thanks
thanks
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
dearest kim
dearest kim
how are you ? i wish you are fine . i'm fine either but i'm quite busy to find another part time job after the one , which was the concert supporting one . 
how are you ? i hope you are fine . i'm fine too but i'm quite busy finding another part time job after the one , which was the concert supporting the one the one supporting the concert . 
i remember that you asked me to tell you about that job . it was fantastic but a bit hard ! 
i remember that you asked me to tell you about that job . it was fantastic but a bit hard ! 
first when i got there i realised that i was the only woman and i had to work in the box-office . it was quite terrible when i had to let people leave , because all tickets were sold out . 
first when i got there i realised that i was the only woman and i had to work in the box-office . it was quite terrible when i had to make people leave , because all tickets were sold out . 
then the concert started , i was called from one of the staffs for help , finally i could get into the stadium . the next work i was gives was ironing costumes . can you imagine that i touched all of the costumes the singer wore ? 
then the concert started , i was called by one of the staff for help , finally i could get into the stadium . the next task i was given was ironing costumes . can you imagine that i touched all of the costumes the singer wore ? 
it was a pity that i had no chance to learn how the sound system works , which i was mostly interested . but it was terrific enough to hear the band performing and to see the audience's reactions , meanwhile the backstage couldn't even join that fantastic atmosphere . 
it was a pity that i had no chance to learn how the sound system works , which i was mostly interested in . but it was terrific enough to hear the band performing and to see the audience's reactions , meanwhile the backstage couldn't even enjoy that fantastic atmosphere . 
what i really liked was that every single person had to be responsible for his role , till we left the stadium . and that mad the concert absolutely perfect . 
what i really liked was that every single person had to be responsible for his role , till we left the stadium . and that made the concert absolutely perfect . 
i wish this is enough to express my feeling and i hope someday we can share such things together . 
i hope this is enough to express my feeling and i hope someday we can share such things together . 
stay pretty and lovely ! 
stay pretty and lovely ! 
kisses from 
kisses from 
dear helen ryan , 
dear helen ryan , 
i am writing to ask for some queries about your letter which i have received . 
i am writing to ask for some queries about your letter which i have received . 
firstly , i would like to travel camp california on monday , 6th july , because my school's holiday will begin at the end of june . otherwise i will not be able to join that camp . 
firstly , i would like to travel to camp california on monday , 6th july , because my school's holiday will begin at the end of june . otherwise i will not be able to join that camp . 
secondly , could you make an arrangement for me to stay in a log cabin , because it seems that living in log cabins is more exciting than in tents . also i would prefer to go swimming and surfing , because i used to be an assistant in a korean national pool so that i am good at swimming . however , i have never tried to go surfing . that is why i would like to do that . 
secondly , could you make an arrangement for me to stay in a log cabin , because it seems that living in log cabins is more exciting than in tents . also i would prefer to go swimming and surfing , because i used to be an assistant in a korean national pool , so i am good at swimming . however , i have never tried surfing . that is why i would like to do that . 
finally , could you tell me if i have to bring some clothes , towels and extra money ? i would be appreciated it if you supply some towers , if possible . 
finally , could you tell me if i have to bring some clothes , towels and extra money ? i would appreciate it if you supplied some towels , if possible . 
thanks for your attention . 
thanks for your attention . 
i really look forward to receiving your reply soon . 
i really look forward to receiving your reply soon . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
dear kim , 
dear kim , 
it seems ages since i wrote to you . how have you been ? how's your new flat ? when i received your letter with photographs of that flat , it really looked nice . anyway , i'll tell you about my wonderful experience which i enjoyed at a pop concert . 
it seems ages since i wrote to you . how have you been ? how's your new flat ? when i received your letter with photographs of that flat , it really looked nice . anyway , i'll tell you about my wonderful experience which i enjoyed at a pop concert . 
it took place in a korea national center which was the biggest building in korea . there were a lot of people , i guess over 50 , 000 , who wanted to see famous singers and listen to their songs . 
it took place in the korea national center which is the biggest building in korea . there were a lot of people , i guess over 50 , 000 , who wanted to see famous singers and listen to their songs . 
i helped to guide foreginers who would like to take participated in that . you know , i have studied english for two years in england . that's why i could attend to that concert as a volunteer , because they needed people who could speak english very well . 
i helped to guide foreigners who would like to participate in that . you know , i have studied english for two years in england . that's why i could attend that concert as a volunteer , because they needed people who could speak english very well . 
what i really enjoyed was meeting famous world singers such as madona , bon jovi , ena and so on . i got madona's signature ! can you believe it ? i'll show you that and some pictures . 
what i really enjoyed was meeting famous world singers such as madona , bon jovi , ena and so on . i got madona's autograph ! can you believe it ? i'll show you that and some pictures . 
i really hope to see you soon . 
i really hope to see you soon . 
best wishes , 
best wishes , 
thomas west
thomas west
24 kingsberry place
24 kingsberry place
cs4 1xd
cs4 1xd
tuesday 13th june 
tuesday 13th june 
to helen ryan
to helen ryan
competition organiser at camp california
competition organiser at camp california
dear madame , 
dear madam , 
thank you for your letter , i've been so happy to receave such a good news that i can't already believe it . 
thank you for your letter . i was so happy to receive such good news that i couldn't believe it . 
to answer your first question , i would like to travel on july if it's possible , because i'll be on holiday and because a friend would be able to come with me at this time of the year . 
to answer your first question , i would like to travel in july if it's possible , because i'll be on holiday and because a friend would be able to come with me at that time of the year . 
in the accomodation at camp california , i prefer to rent a tent , he is going to be more funny , i think , but are the tents singles ? i would be pleased if you could give me details about this question . 
regarding the accommodation at camp california , i prefer to rent a tent , which is going to be more fun , i think , but are the tents singles ? i would be pleased if you could give me details about this question . 
i can see in the list a lot of interesting sports ! but i think ( it's difficult to choose ) i'll choose golf and basketball , golf because i'm quiet good . i finished 5th at the england golf tour junior in 1999 , and basketball , because i would like to discover this sport i only used to play at school . 
i can see on the list a lot of interesting sports ! but i think ( it's difficult to choose ) i'll choose golf and basketball , golf because i'm quite good ( i finished 5th in the english golf tournament junior junior golf tournament in 1999 ) , and basketball , because i would like to rediscover this sport i only used to play at school . 
i've got other questions: wich type of clothes do i have to bring ? can i change money on the campus ? are some party organized during the holidays ? is there only one teatcher for each sport , and how many are we in each group of activities ? 
i've got other questions: which what type of clothes do i have to bring ? can i change money on the camp ? are any parties organized during the holidays ? is there only one teacher for each sport , and how many are in each group ? 
thank you for all informations you could give me . 
thank you for all the information you can give me . 
i look forward to hear from you . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
report about which lessons and activities we should film . 
report about which lessons and activities we should film . 
first , i think we can't shoot a film only about lessons or only about breaks , because this two elements are representative of a daily life at school aren't they ? 
first , i don't think we can shoot a film only about lessons or only about breaks , because these two elements are representative of the daily life at school , aren't they ? 
first , we should film some lessons because everybody know ( or remember for the growns up ) that it is the activity that to be the most of a student time at school . 
first , we should film some lessons because everybody knows ( or remembers if they are grown-ups ) that this is the activity that is takes up most of a student's time at school . 
just after , to make a contrast , we may film the break , because it's the other part of a daily school ! it's the place where you can meet your friends , where you can talk free , there are no teatchers , it could be a good contrast to the serious of the lessons . to come back to a strict ( a little beat less ) subject , i suggest that we film the sport lesson , doing that will allowed the spectator to see how does the students behave when they are all together and in small groups . 
just after , to make a contrast , we may film the break , because it's the other part of a school day ! it's the place where you can meet your friends , where you can talk freely , and there are no teachers . it could be a good contrast to the seriousness of the lessons . to come back to the central ( a little beat less ) subject , i suggest that we film the sports lesson . doing that will allow the spectator to see how the students behave when they are all together and in small groups . 
finally we should film the lunch , which is also a moment to relax for the students , and for the teatchers , we mustn't forget to film the teatcher room because if a school is made of students , it's also made of teatchers . 
finally we should film the lunch , which is also a moment to relax for the students , and for the teachers for the students , and for the teachers , to relax . we mustn't forget to film the teacher staff room because if a school is made of students , it's also made of teachers . 
dear mrs ryan
dear mrs ryan
i would like to thank you for your letter you recently sent me concerning the competiton of two weeks at camp california in the u . s . a . 
i would like to thank you for your letter you recently sent me concerning the competition for two weeks at camp california in the u . s . a . 
this august i will start a new job so the only possible month for me to join in the camp is july . i hope this will cause no problems . 
this august i will start a new job so the only possible month for me to join the camp is july . i hope this will cause no problems . 
i am glad that you offer for accommodation not only tents but also log cabins . because i am a light sleeper and have problems with my back i prefer to sleep in a log cabin with a comfortable bed . 
i am glad that you offer accommodation not only in tents but also in log cabins . because i am a light sleeper and have problems with my back i prefer to sleep in a log cabin with a comfortable bed . 
although it was not easy to choose two activities from your list i decided to do singing and surfing . it is difficult to say how good i can sing but i really like it and i think i am not too bad . i never did surfing in my life but i am a very good snowboarder and this could be an advantage . 
although it was not easy to choose two activities from your list i decided to do singing and surfing . it is difficult to say how well i can sing but i really like it and i think i am not too bad . i never tried have never tried surfing in my life but i am a very good snowboarder and this could be an advantage . 
i hope i gave you all informations you need . there is something i like to know from you . 
i hope i have given you all the information you need . there is something i would like to know from you . 
should i bring some special clothes ( surfing ) with me ? how much money do you think i have to change and is there a possible to get more ( bank ) ? 
should i bring some special clothes ( surfing ) with me ? how much money do you think i have to change and is it possible to get more ( bank ) ? 
i look forward to hearing from you soon . 
i look forward to hearing from you soon . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
rosalinde schulz
rosalinde schulz
dear kim
dear kim
last saturday evening i spent a wonderful time . the motor bike club of our town organized a pop concert . a girlfriend of a member of the club asked me if i would like to help at the information desk . i did not hesitate one moment . 
last saturday evening i had a wonderful time . the motorbike club in our town organized a pop concert . a girlfriend of a member of the club asked me if i would like to help at the information desk . i did not hesitate one moment . 
the only thing i had to do was solving the different problems of the guests and just being there if they have any questions . some people came from germany some from austria and some came from england or the u . s . a . 
the only thing i had to do was to solve the different problems of the audience and just be there if they had any questions . some people came from germany , some from austria and some came from england or the u . s . a . 
talking english with the people from england or the u . s . a . was wonderful . they were all very kind and with some of them i spent the rest of the evening and also the following day . 
talking english with the people from england or the u . s . a . was wonderful . they were all very kind and with some of them i spent the rest of the evening and also the following day . 
that i reached a lot of money for doing something i like very much was very nice but the most important thing for me was meeting people , having fun and using the english language . i will never forget this evening . 
that i earned a lot of money for doing something i like very much was very nice it was very nice that i earned a lot of money for doing something i like very much but the most important thing for me was meeting people , having fun and using the english language . i will never forget this evening . 
love , 
love , 
rosalinde schulz
rosalinde schulz
dear sirs ! 
dear sirs , 
first i want to thank you for all the congratulations , and i'll try to answer all your questions about for instance travel and accomodation . i have to tell you that for me it is only possible to go on holiday in july because my father is very ill and it is only possible for my sister to take care of him in july ( because her small children are in summer school at this time . another question was about the accommodation . i have to tell you that i'd prefer tents . for me tents are a kind of back to basic living and i like this very much . in my opinion people should become more familiar with the rules of nature . 
first i want to thank you for all the congratulations , and i'll try to answer all your questions about , for instance , travel and accommodation . i have to tell you that it is only possible for me to go on holiday in july because my father is very ill and it is only possible for my sister to take care of him in july ( because her small children are in summer school at that time . another question was about the accommodation . i have to tell you that i'd prefer a tent . for me tents are a kind of back-to-basic living and i like this very much . in my opinion people should become more familiar with the rules of nature . 
i was very glad to read that it is possible to do activities at camp california . i've chosen singing and swimming . singing is one of my favourite activities and i know that i do it very well . i'm also used to sing in front of a large number of people 'couse i did it several times . i'm also good at swimming but i do not do it professional . 
i was very glad to read that it is possible to do activities at camp california . i've chosen singing and swimming . singing is one of my favourite activities and i know that i do it very well . i'm also used to singing in front of a large number of people 'cause because i have done it several times . i'm also good at swimming but i do not do it professionally . 
there are two further questions which i have to ask you . first how much money do i have to take with me ? and what clothes should i choose ? i'd be very happy if you could give me a call and answer this questions . 
there are two further questions which i have to ask you . first , how much money do i have to take with me ? and what clothes should i take ? i'd be very happy if you could give me a call and answer these questions . 
yours sincerely 
yours faithfully 
dear kim ! 
dear kim ! 
today i have to tell you something really exciting and also very hard to believe . last month i received a letter which told me that i've entered a competition . i was so happy and suprised that i first could not really believe it . but it was true . my price was the chance to meet a pop group and to help at the concert . the pop group which was going to act is called " metallica " and i like their music very much ( 'cause in my opinion the music is a bit different from all the songs you usually listen to . ) but now to the concert itself . it took place on the 10th of june in salzburg . i started at 8 pm but i had to be there at 11 am . first i had to help with the catering which lasted until 2 pm . after this i met the band members and got to know them while we were having a good meal . the front man felt a bit sick and so he skipped the meal . i was so excited that i also was not able to eat anything . at 5 pm the band members disappeared again and i was responsible for some kind of guiding tour for the journalists . i had to show them the way to the interviewing room . it was a bit boring but more or less okay . at 7 p . m . the first group started . they were unknown and not very good but when i met them afterwards i recognised that they are very nice . at 8 pm metallica started and i have to tell you , they did a great performance . when i met them after the concert they asked me questions like did you like the performance ! or how do you think about the first group ? questions like you and i usually ask each other . you know what i mean , they were not conceited or something like this . they were like any other person and i have to admit that i like them very much . this was one of the best and most exciting days in my life . 
today i have to tell you something really exciting and also very hard to believe . last month i received a letter which told me that i'd entered i'd won a competition . i was so happy and surprised that first i could not really believe it . but it was true . my prize was the chance to meet a pop group and to help at their concert . the pop group which was going to play is called " metallica " and i like their music very much ( 'cause in my opinion the music is a bit different from all the songs you usually listen to ) . but now to the concert itself . it took place on the 10th of june in salzburg . it started at 8 pm but i had to be there at 11 am . first i had to help with the catering , which lasted until 2 pm . after this i met the band members and got to know them while we were having a good meal . the front man felt a bit sick and so he skipped the meal . i was so excited that i was not able to eat anything either . at 5 pm the band members disappeared again and i was responsible for some kind of guided tour for the journalists . i had to show them the way to the interviewing room . it was a bit boring but more or less okay . at 7 p . m . the first group started . they were unknown and not very good but when i met them afterwards i realised that they were very nice . at 8 pm metallica started and , i have to tell you , they gave a great performance . when i met them after the concert they asked me questions like " did you like the performance ? " or " what do you think about the first group ? " questions like you and i usually ask each other . you know what i mean . they were not conceited or anything like that . they were like other persons people and i have to admit that i like them very much . this was one of the best and most exciting days of my life . 
hope you answer this letter as soon as possible . 
hope you answer this letter as soon as possible . 
lots of hugs and kisses
lots of hugs and kisses
dear helen ryan 
dear helen ryan , 
i have just received your letter , and thank you very much for your reply . 
i have just received your letter , and thank you very much for your reply . 
i am very happy to take part in the competition and i would like to give you all the information you need:
i am very happy to take part in the competition and i would like to give you all the information you need:
first of all , i am available to travel in july from 1st to 20th because my university will be closed during this month . 
first of all , i am available to travel in july from 1st to 20th because my university will be closed during that month . 
secondly , if you don't mind , i would prefer to sleep in a tent . although it is not very comfortable , i like camping very much . 
secondly , if you don't mind , i would prefer to sleep in a tent . although it is not very comfortable , i like camping very much . 
thirdly , i am very interested in swimming and also climbing . i took up climbing five years ago and i am very keen on . i am very good at swimming as well because i practise this sport every week in my city . 
thirdly , i am very interested in swimming and also climbing . i took up climbing five years ago and i am very keen on it . i am very good at swimming as well because i practise this sport every week in my city . 
finally , could you tell me what i need to dress and also how much money i will spend on . 
finally , could you tell me what i need to wear and also how much money i will spend ? 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
i have asked to write a composition regarding the question it is believed that shopping is not always enjoyable . 
i have been asked to write a composition regarding the question , ' it is believed that shopping is not always enjoyable . ' 
in fact , to do shopping can be some disavantages for different reasons:
in fact , shopping can have some disadvantages for different reasons:
firstly , you have to queue for a long time to get a free cabin and waste of time putting on some clothes and in the end they are not the right size . secondly , it is easy to spend a lot of money in few minutes and as soon as you can regret to buy all these clothes , which you don't really need . 
firstly , you have to queue for a long time to get a free changing room and waste time putting on some clothes when in the end they are not the right size . secondly , it is easy to spend a lot of money in a few minutes and soon you can regret you can soon regret buying all those clothes which you don't really need . 
thirdly , some clothes can have some stains on and you haven't noticed this before buying , so you have to go back to the shop . however , it is not easy to get a refund or to change them . 
thirdly , some clothes can have some stains on and you haven't noticed this before buying them , so you have to go back to the shop . however , it is not easy to get a refund or to change them . 
in my opinion , doing shopping bring me a lot of satisfaction especially i am depressed , nevertheless it could be very dangerous for my wallet . 
in my opinion , shopping brings gives me a lot of satisfaction especially when i am depressed . nevertheless it could be very dangerous for my wallet . 
dear helen , 
dear helen , 
i am very glad to hear from you that i have won the first prize in your competition . i would like to reply and ask you some questions . 
i am very glad to hear from you that i have won the first prize in your competition . i would like to reply and ask you some questions . 
firstly , i would be available for travelling only in july because my university will finish at the end of june and will start again in august . secondly , for the accomodation , i would say i prefer living in tent rather than in log cabin because i used to sleep in tent while i was joining a local scout camp in my country . thirdly , i have choosen sailing and photography from the list you gave me because both of them are my favorite hobbies and i have been enjoying sailing and photography for several years so i am quite good at both of them . finally , i would ask you whether i have to prepare any speacial clothes for camping or the camp will provide them for me . 
firstly , i will be available for travelling only in july because my university will finish at the end of june and will start again in august . secondly , regarding the accommodation , i would say i prefer living in a tent rather than in a log cabin because i used to sleep in a tent when i was staying in a local scout camp in my country . thirdly , i have chosen sailing and photography from the list you gave me because both of them are my favourite hobbies and i have been enjoying sailing and photography for several years so i am quite good at both of them . finally , i would like to ask you whether i have to prepare any special clothes for camping or will the camp provide them for me . 
i look forward to receiving the details of travelling soon and joining your camp in july . 
i look forward to receiving the details regarding the trip soon and to joining your camp in july . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
shopping is not always enjoyable . 
shopping is not always enjoyable . 
in my opinion , i do agree with this expression . one of the most unforgettable habit of city life is going out for shopping . i used to hang around famous cloth shops looking at the new arrival clothes section . it is not only a good fun to see the new fashions and things but also decrease the money in my pocket . 
i do agree with this statement . one of the most unforgettable habits of city life is going out shopping . i used to hang around famous clothes shops looking at the new arrivals new-arrivals clothes section . it is not only good fun to see the new fashions and things but it also decreases the amount of money in my pocket . 
sometime shopping doesn't give anything to you but always waste all your free time . a group of girls can spend their time in a shopping center forever . it seems to me that more people in my hometown tend to go shopping in their free time because the shopping complexs nowadays are more attractive and combine every facilities inside . from my point of view , someone goes shopping just because he/she wants to show off that he/she is wealthy . 
sometimes shopping doesn't do anything for you but only wastes all your free time . a group of girls can stay in a shopping centre forever . it seems to me that more people in my hometown tend to go shopping in their free time because the shopping complexes nowadays are more attractive and combine every facility inside . from my point of view , someone goes shopping just because he/she wants to show off that he/she is wealthy . 
keeping balance between daily life and shopping life may give more enjoyable rather than always walking in an air-conditioned shopping complex . 
keeping a balance between daily life and shopping life may be more enjoyable rather than always walking in an air-conditioned shopping complex . 
dear mz . ryan , 
dear mrs ryan , 
thank you for your letter and i am very pleased that i won the first prize in your compition . however , i am writing to you to ask for more details . 
thank you for your letter and i am very pleased that i won the first prize in your competition . however , i am writing to you to ask for more details . 
firstly , i would like to go to california in june if his is possible because i will have finished my course in merton college at the end of june . 
firstly , i would like to go to california in june if this is possible because i will have finished my course in merton college at the end of june . 
secondly , i would prefer to staying in a tent rather than staying in a log cabin in order to have experience , which i haven't had before . 
secondly , i would prefer to stay in a tent rather than staying in a log cabin in order to have an experience which i haven't had before . 
i am very knee on swimming and playing tennis so that i have had a part-time job in a sports centre in the evenings . i also have qualifications to teach them . 
i am very keen on swimming and playing tennis so i have had a part-time job in a sports centre in the evenings . i also have qualifications to teach them . 
in addition to all this , i would appriciate it if you could let me have more details about clothes and how much i shall be paid for the travel . 
in addition to all this , i would appreciate it if you could let me have more details about clothes and how much i shall be paid for the trip . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
to: mrs . sexington
to: mrs . sexington
from: an soo kim
from: an soo kim
subject: speaking classes and school trips
subject: speaking classes and school trips
introduction . 
introduction . 
the aim of this report is to describe our english classes in merton college and suggest that what we should film for making a short video . 
the aim of this report is to describe our english classes in merton college and suggest what we should film for making a short video . 
speaking class should be filmed . 
speaking class should be filmed . 
it is suggested that speaking classes should be filmed the reason why is that the more students tend to attend . 
it is suggested that speaking classes should be filmed . the reason why is that more students tend to attend . 
another reason is that it will be more useful for forigen students who want to speak english . a number of forigen students have recently been increasing . 
another reason is that it will be more useful for foreign students who want to speak english . the number of foreign students has recently been increasing . 
school trips
school trips
it is also thought that school trips are to be filmed because it is a wide range of interesting places available . it is believed that one of the most popular activities in merton college . 
it is also thought that school trips are to be filmed because there are a wide range of interesting places available . it is believed to be one of the most popular activities in merton college . 
conclusion
conclusion
to sum up , it is recommened that speaking classes and school trips should be filmed . 
to sum up , it is recommended that speaking classes and school trips should be filmed . 
misses helen ryan , 
dear mrs helen ryan , 
first of all i would like to thank you for giving me the oportunity to travel . you asked me some questions about the day that suits me the best to depart , the accomodation i would like to have and so on . 
first of all i would like to thank you for giving me the opportunity to travel . you asked me some questions about the day that suits me the best to depart , the accommodation i would like to have and so on . 
travelling in july , i have to say , would be perfect for me because i have got my birtday the 24th of this month and i wish i could spend my birtday as well as possible , so it means there . 
travelling in july , i have to say , would be perfect for me because i have got my birthday my birthday is on the 24th of that month and i wish to spend my birthday in the best way possible , so that means there . 
i also would prefer to sleep into tents which are more comfortable and , because i have been doing lots of campings , i am quite used to this kind of accomodation . 
i also would prefer to sleep in tents , which are more comfortable , and , because i have been doing lots of camping , i am quite used to this kind of accommodation . 
the activities i have choosen both represent a pation for me . painting and swimming are my way to spend a good time especially on holiday . 
the activities i have chosen both represent a passion for me . painting and swimming are my ways to have a good time , especially on holiday . 
i may have a question for you to answer , please could you tell my how much money do i need to bring with me ? 
i have a question for you to answer : please could you tell me how much money do i need to bring with me ? 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
shopping is not always enjoyable . 
shopping is not always enjoyable . 
however it is not always enjoyable , people are shopping more and more , it is very fashionable those times . they do not always buy lots of things , but i think most of them do . 
although it is not always enjoyable , people are shopping more and more . it is very fashionable those times . they do not always buy lots of things , but i think most of them do . 
even people who haven't got lots of money go shopping anyway . is it enjoyable to walk around shops , looking at nice stuff , without having enough money to spend on it ? is it enjoyable to go shopping when it is rush time or when it is very hot in summer for instance ? 
even people who haven't got lots of money go shopping . is it enjoyable to walk around shops , looking at nice things , without having enough money to buy them ? is it enjoyable to go shopping when it is rush hour or when it is very hot , in summer for instance ? 
enjoying shopping isn't the reason for doing that . i think people either go shopping to change mind because they may have lots of problems or to meet other people , to feel they belong to a group of human being . 
enjoying shopping isn't a reason for doing it . i think people either go shopping to relax because they may have lots of problems or to meet other people , to feel they belong to a group of human beings . 
june , the 13th 2000
june , the 13th 2000
dear mrs ryan , 
dear mrs ryan , 
you can guess how an enjoyable surprise receiving your letter was for me . i am glad to send you the items required . 
you can guess how enjoyable a surprise receiving your letter was for me . i am glad to send you the information required . 
first of all , i must precise that i can only leave during the month of july owing to the job i obtained for august . after considering your accomodation offers , i'd rather stay in a log cabin if possible . i hope you have no doubt about my taste for camping , however i admit i will appreciate a bit of comfort two weeks long . 
first of all , i must state that i can only leave during the month of july owing to a job i got for august . after considering your accommodation offers , i'd rather stay in a log cabin if possible . i hope you have no doubt about my taste for camping , however , i admit i will appreciate a bit of comfort two weeks long . 
moreover , i must recognize that the activities offered are really attractive so it's hard to make up my mind . on the one hand , i own a camera that i often use during leisure times . even if the photograph made are modest work , i am really interested in this activity . then , as low my level of basketball is , i have enjoyed playing this sport for fun for a long time . so it will be pleasant for me to practice this activity . 
moreover , i must admit that the activities offered are really attractive so it's hard to make up my mind . on the one hand , i own a camera that i often use during my leisure time . even if the photographs taken are modest work , i am really interested in this activity . then , as low as my level of proficiency at basketball is , i have enjoyed playing this sport for fun for a long time . so it will be pleasant for me to practise do this activity . 
your letter indicates that the pride includes that some costs are paid . nevertheless i would like you to precise what i eventually need for this travel . 
your letter indicates that the prize covers some costs . nevertheless i would like you to detail what i eventually need for this trip . 
yours faithfully 
yours sincerely 
what obviously appears about our daily life at school is that it is hard to sum up all the different aspects it includes . therefore , the film will manage to be a success if it doesn't forget the main times that make our life . 
what is obvious about our daily life at school is that it is hard to sum up all the different aspects it includes . therefore , the film will manage to be a success if it doesn't forget the main things that make our life . 
to my mind , the class attending a lesson must be shown at first . it evoques the reason of our presence here and it is a clich ; that can not lack . a philosophy lesson seems quite appropriate in that the pupils take part in it . 
to my mind , the class attending a lesson must be shown first . it evokes addresses the reason for our presence here and it is a clich ; that cannot lack . a philosophy lesson seems quite appropriate in that the pupils take part in it . 
next , students during the pause in the yard should be filmed . it would not only emphasize the sharp contrast with the classroom atmosphear but also show how they are as young people . students chatting , laughing , eating and even smoking must remain in the video . 
next , students during the break in the yard should be filmed . it would not only emphasize the sharp contrast between this and the classroom atmosphere but also show how they are as young people . students chatting , laughing , eating and even smoking must remain in the video . 
furthermore two moments could have a role . first of all , the arrive of every students , namely the picture of the school without anybody at first , and then with the crowd of students increasing gradually is typical of its life . then , the opposite situation , that is to say the scene of this crowd disappearing at the end of the day can make a parallel . 
furthermore two moments could have a role . first of all , the arrival of every student , namely the picture of the school without anybody at first , and then with the crowd of students increasing gradually is typical of its life . then , the opposite situation , that is to say the portrayal of this crowd disappearing at the end of the day can provide a comparison . 
dear helen ryan , 
dear helen ryan , 
i have happily received your reply letter and i want to thank you for this marvelous prize you have given me . now to answer your questions , i can only travel in july because that's the only period of the year i can get out of working for more than two weeks . i would like a log cabin because i think you should give me a good accommodation and not just a tent to sleep in , with no electricity and entertainment . i would like to play basketball and tennis for you . i am a regular basketball player . most of the time i play as a slammer and i do feel that i'm reasonably good in it . at tennis i'm the best player of my whole school and once , i got to the top 10 of my country in tennis . 
i have happily received your reply and i want to thank you for this marvellous prize you have given me . now to answer your questions , i can only travel in july because that's the only month of the year i can get out of working for more than two weeks . i would like a log cabin because i think you should provide me with good accommodation and not just a tent to sleep in , with no electricity or entertainment . i would like to play basketball and tennis . i am a regular basketball player . most of the time i play as a slammer and i do feel that i'm reasonably good at it . as to tennis i'm the best player in my whole school and , once , i got into the top 10 of my country's tennis players . 
i would like to ask you what type of clothes should i bring ? money , how much should i bring . would $200 be enough ? well that's all for now and i hope to hear from you soon . 
i would like to ask you what type of clothes i should bring ? how much money should i bring ? would $200 be enough ? well that's all for now and i hope to hear from you soon . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
basilio romero
basilio romero
dear kim , 
dear kim , 
how are you ? i have just received your letter and let me tell you what you missed over here . you should have been here , it was amazing . the concert began at 8:00 p . m but my friends and i had to be there by 2:00 pm to help set up the stage . we started by putting up the lights . we had to climb up to 15m to put up those lights and afterwards the band didn't even use them . well , we also had to carry all the instruments up to the stage and believe me , that was the hardest bit of all . they were extremely heavy and there were a lot of them on the bus . after helping to do that and many other things , my friends and i watched the concert and before green day ( the group ) left , they came up to us an thanked us for all the hard work we did , and shoke our hands . i'll never wash my hands again . well that's all the time i've got for you now . hope to hear from you soon . 
how are you ? i have just received your letter and let me tell you what you missed over here . you should have been here , it was amazing . the concert began at 8:00 p . m but my friends and i had to be there by 2:00 pm to help set up the stage . we started by putting up the lights . we had to climb up to 15m to put up those lights and afterwards the band didn't even use them . well , we also had to carry all the instruments up onto the stage and , believe me , that was the hardest bit of all . they were extremely heavy and there were a lot of them on the bus . after helping to do that and many other things , my friends and i watched the concert and before green day ( the group ) left , they came up to us an thanked us for all the hard work we did , and shook our hands . i'll never wash my hand again . well that's all the time i've got for you now . hope to hear from you soon . 
basilio romero
basilio romero
dear mrs . ryan , 
dear mrs . ryan , 
i'm writing you in response to your letter , i was delighted to know that i won the first price . 
i'm writing to you in response to your letter . i was delighted to know that i won the first prize . 
with reference to the date , i only can go on july , as i'm going off on holiday on august , and i start university on september . the place i'd prefer to stay in is a log cabin , where i'm sure i'd feel more confortable than in a tent . 
with reference to the date , i can only go in july , as i'm going off on holiday in august , and i start university in september . the place i'd prefer to stay in is a log cabin , where i'm sure i'd feel more comfortable than in a tent . 
it's very nice of you to let me choose my favourite activities . the ones i'm most keen on are tennis , in which i think i'm pretty good since i took some classes last year , and painting , which is one of my favourite hobbies , and helps me to relax myself and forget about problems . i think i'm not bad at painting either , at least everyone in my family likes my work , includying myself . 
it's very nice of you to let me choose my favourite activities . the ones i'm most keen on are tennis , at which i think i'm pretty good since i took some classes last year , and painting , which is one of my favourite hobbies , and helps me to relax and forget about problems . i think i'm not bad at painting either ; at least everyone in my family likes my work , including myself . 
anyway , there are some questions i'd like to ask you: what kind of clothes would be the most suitable for california weather in summer , and how much money do you think i'll need ? 
anyway , there are some questions i'd like to ask you: what kind of clothes would be the most suitable for california weather in summer , and how much money do you think i'll need ? 
i'm waiting forward to hearing from you soon . 
i'm looking forward to hearing from you soon . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
manela b . 
manela b . 
dear kim , 
dear kim , 
i'm so sorry i haven't written until now , but you know i'm always very busy . 
i'm so sorry i haven't written until now , but you know i'm always very busy . 
as i told you in my last letter , last month i worked for a pop band , and helped them at a concert in barcelona . it was such a great experience ! 
as i told you in my last letter , last month i worked for a pop band , and helped them at a concert in barcelona . it was such a great experience ! 
basically my work was carrying the instruments , the speakers and the lights from the vans to the stage , which is not an easy work because , as you can imagine , it's not exactly light stuff . 
basically my work was carrying the instruments , the speakers and the lights from the vans to the stage , which is not easy work because , as you can imagine , it's not exactly light stuff . 
but the most exciting part was meeting the band , mainly the singer and the drummer who are very nice and also good-looking . 
but the most exciting part was meeting the band , mainly the singer and the drummer who are very nice and also good-looking . 
anyway , i had lot of fun working for them . i hope they call me soon , i'd be the happiest girl in the world if i could see them again . . . 
anyway , i had a lot of fun working for them . i hope they call me soon . i'd be the happiest girl in the world if i could see them again . . . 
i'd better leave now . i hope you write again soon . 
i'd better stop now . i hope you write again soon . 
manela b . 
manela b . 
dear madam
dear madam
i am very happy to win this prize and i am going to give you some information from me that you need to make me have a good time at camp california . 
i am very happy to win this prize and i am going to give you some information that you need from me to ensure that i have a good time at camp california . 
i would like to know only in july because i have set my holidays this month since last january . 
i would like to go only in july because i have had my holidays booked for that month since last january . 
i want if it is possible a log cabins like accommodation because i have been suffering from my back since my childhood , therefore i need a confortable accommodation . 
if it is possible i want a log cabin for my accommodation because i have been suffering with my back since my childhood , therefore i need a comfortable place to sleep . 
i will be pleased to swim and paint when i am at the camp . i selected swimming because it is a cure against my backace and i have not practiced since i started my new job five years ago . i also choosed painting because i have never done before , i would like to learn and moreover i want to do a calm activity . 
i will be pleased to swim and paint when i am at the camp . i selected swimming because it is a cure for my backache and i have not practised done it since i started my new job five years ago . i also chose painting because i have never done it before . i would like to learn and moreover i want to do a relaxing activity . 
otherwise , could you tell me approximately how much money i have to take for the food , please ? 
could you tell me approximately how much money i have to take for food , please ? 
yours sincerely . 
yours faithfully . 
xavier fournier
xavier fournier
how many times have we heard people complaining about shopping ? sometimes , they are happy to do shopping . but why ? therefore , shopping can be enjoyable but it is not always the case . 
how many times have we heard people complaining about shopping ? sometimes , they are happy to go shopping , but why ? therefore , shopping can be enjoyable but that is not always the case . 
shopping is enjoyable when you want to offer some thing to someone . in fact you try to get a present to make receive happy . 
shopping is enjoyable when you want to give something to someone . in fact you try to get a present to make the recipient happy . 
shopping is also good , when you know what you want . for example if you want a new track suit you know that you have to go to a sport shop but if you don't know what you want you are going to waste your time in the shops . 
shopping is also good when you know what you want . for example if you want a new track suit you know that you have to go to a sports shop but if you don't know what you want you are going to waste your time in the shops . 
in the opposite , shopping can be disenjoyable . 
on the other hand , shopping can be unenjoyable . 
shopping is boring if you go with people too fussy . that is to say , they are never happy with what they get and see . they always find a problem . 
shopping is boring if you go with people who are too fussy . that is to say , they are never happy with what they get or see . they always find a problem . 
shopping is not enjoyable with people who just look around the shops . it is stupid , they do not have any goal . they waste their time . 
shopping is not enjoyable with people who just look around the shops . it is stupid . they do not have any goal . they waste their time . 
to conclude , i agree with shopping is not always enjoyable . even if i like to do shopping with some people and kind of shops i will kill myself because i waste my time . 
to conclude , i agree that shopping is not always enjoyable . even if i like to go shopping with some people and to some kinds of shops i will kill myself if i waste my time . 
dear sir/madam , 
dear sir/madam , 
i was very pleased to receive your letter which informed me of my winning the first prize in your competition , namely two weeks at camp california in the usa . 
i was very pleased to receive your letter which informed me of my winning the first prize in your competition , namely two weeks at camp california in the usa . 
to begin with , i would like to travel in july . this is the only possible time for me , as the school holiday starts on the 29th of june . and from august on i planed to do some part-time job in order to earn some pocket money . 
to begin with , i would like to travel in july . this is the only possible time for me , as the school holiday starts on the 29th of june . and from august on i planned to do some part-time job in order to earn some pocket money . 
referring to the possibilities of accommodation , i'd prefer log cabins to tents . firstly , log cabins are more comportable than tents . secondly , i do not like tents . last not least , i always have backache after sleeping in a tent for a couple of days . 
referring to the possibilities of accommodation , i'd prefer log cabins to tents . firstly , log cabins are more comfortable than tents . secondly , i do not like tents . last but not least , i always have backache after sleeping in a tent for a couple of days . 
as i had been asked to choose two activities i would like to during my stay at the camp , i chose golf and singing . i have never played golf actually , but i would love to try something new . as for singing , i am very keen on singing as i get lessons in it . i just love singing . 
as i have been asked to choose two activities i would like to do during my stay at the camp , i chose golf and singing . i have never played golf actually , but i would love to try something new . as for singing , i am very keen on singing as i take lessons in it . i just love singing . 
i would like to know whether there is some facilities for washing the clothes . especially in summer , clothes get dirty very easily . 
i would like to know whether there are some facilities for washing clothes . especially in summer , clothes get dirty very easily . 
lastly , does the prize include pocket money ? if not , i will have to bring some with me . is there a possibility of exchanging different currancies to us dollar ? i ask you to enclose the answer in your reply . 
lastly , does the prize include pocket money ? if not , i will have to bring some with me . is there a possibility of exchanging different currencies to us dollars ? i ask you to include the answer in your reply . 
i look forward to hearing from you at your earliest convenience . 
i look forward to hearing from you at your earliest convenience . 
yours faithfully
yours faithfully
mee-yon areum . 
mee-yon areum . 
shopping is not always enjoyable . 
shopping is not always enjoyable . 
when you think of shopping , it reminds you of going out ( mostly ) with friends , looking for new things like clothes , accesoires etc . and buying them . it sounds nice and shopping is great fun - or it should be . 
when you think of shopping , it reminds you of going out ( mostly ) with friends , looking for new things like clothes , accessories etc . and buying them . it sounds nice and shopping is great fun - or it should be . 
nowadays shopping can be very stressful . it all starts with the search of an appropriate parking-space which can last annoyingly long , especially at weekends . 
nowadays shopping can be very stressful . it all starts with the search for an appropriate parking-space which can last annoyingly long , especially at weekends . 
nevertheless , the nightmare starts when you enter the shopping mall or the passage , which is terribly crowded . you cannot make a step without " touching " the others . it gets enormously unbearable in hot summer days , when the temperature increases . in such a situation your friends or the people you are shopping with get lost very easily and looking for them can be very tiring . but the worst moment comes , if you cannot find the thing you were looking for , because it is no longer trendy or because it is sold out . 
nevertheless , the nightmare starts when you enter the shopping mall or the passage , which is terribly crowded . you cannot make a step without " touching " others . it gets enormously unbearable on hot summer days , when the temperature increases . in such a situation your friends or the people you are shopping with get lost very easily and looking for them can be very tiring . but the worst moment comes if you cannot find the thing you were looking for , because it is no longer trendy or because it is sold out . 
of course , shopping is not always so unpleasant , but sometimes it is simply better to stay at home . 
of course , shopping is not always so unpleasant , but sometimes it is simply better to stay at home . 
dear helen , 
dear helen , 
i've just seen your letter and i'm really delighted to have won the first prize in your competition . 
i've just seen your letter and i'm really delighted to have won the first prize in your competition . 
i would like to travel in july because it's the only month i have two weeks holiday during the summer . i would prefer to be in log cabins because i feel insecure staying in tent . while i'll be at the camp , i would like to play tennis and swimming . i've done it for many years and i want to do both once a day . i'm very good at swimming and my level is medium at tennis . if possible , could you let me know what i'll need for example which clothes i must take and how much i can expect to spend . 
i would like to travel in july because it's the only month i have two weeks' holiday during the summer . i would prefer to be in a log cabin because i feel unsafe staying in a tent . while i'm at the camp , i would like to play tennis and go swimming . i've done them for many years and i want to do both once a day . i'm very good at swimming and my level of proficiency is average at tennis . if possible , could you let me know what i'll need , for example what clothes i must take and how much i can expect to spend ? 
i'm excited to go on holliday there and thanks to you , i will realize a dream that i always wanted to do . 
i'm excited to be going on holiday there and , thanks to you , i will realize a dream that i always wanted to do . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
dear kim , i want to tell you about my good experience i had last month . i'd enjoyed helping at a pop concert and it has been fabulous . at first , i'd helped them to carry the material and we had fixed everything in the good order . they were so many pieces that we had spent a whole day to prepare the scene . at the end , we have had a beer and we talked together . i was astonished to see so friendly and funny they were and we got good friends . during the show , i was behind them and i could see the spectators shouting and jumping with their and up . it was unbelievable to realize that i'd worked with stars and that they were my friends . it is difficult to explain what i'd particularly liked about my experience because the most memories are in my heart and i'd never thought that i could get on so well with a group of people which i'd known only for few days . 
dear kim , i want to tell you about a good experience i had last month . i enjoyed helping at a pop concert and it was fabulous . at first , i helped them to carry the equipment and we fixed everything in the correct order . there were so many pieces that we spent a whole day preparing the stage . at the end , we had a beer and we talked together . i was astonished to see how friendly and funny they were and we became good friends . during the show , i was behind them and i could see the spectators shouting and jumping with their and up . it was unbelievable to think that i'd worked with stars and that they were my friends . it is difficult to explain what i particularly liked about my experience because the most memories are in my heart and i'd never thought that i could get on so well with a group of people whom i'd known only for a few days . 
if possible , i would like introduce you to them , they are very nice guys . 
if possible , i would like to introduce you to them . they are very nice guys . 
best wishes
best wishes
dear miss ryan , 
dear miss ryan , 
with reference to your letter of 13th of june i would like to thank you for the prize your organisation is offering me . 
with reference to your letter of the 13th of june i would like to thank you for the prize your organisation is offering me . 
i am pleased to provide you with the following information . 
i am pleased to provide you with the following information . 
since i am a student i have to follow the vacation programm of my school , which means that i would only be able to travel during the month of july . 
since i am a student i have to follow the vacation programme of my school , which means that i would only be able to travel during the month of july . 
i would be grateful if you could book a tent for me at camp california because i am a nature lover and the idea of outdoor-sleeping really makes me happy . concerning the activities , as a matter of fact tennis is my favorit sport and i am very keen on it , for the second activity i would like to enroll surfing , because my husband , who is already a proficient , keeps telling me about the excitement of this sport , and i think it is worthwile trying , therefore i'd love to be in the beginners group . 
i would be grateful if you could book a tent for me at camp california because i am a nature lover and the idea of sleeping outdoors really makes me happy . concerning the activities , as a matter of fact tennis is my favourite sport and i am very keen on it . for the second activity i would like to enrol in surfing , because my husband , who is already a proficient surfer , keeps telling me about the excitement of this sport , and i think it is worthwhile trying , therefore i'd love to be in the beginners' group . 
i would like to know if you would be kind enough to send me some information on weather conditions for that period of time , the kind of currency i should take with as well as the vaccination requirements . 
i would like to know if you would be kind enough to send me some information on weather conditions for that month , the kind of currency i should take with me as well as the vaccination requirements . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you and thank you in advance for your help . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you and thank you in advance for your help . 
yours faithfully
yours faithfully
abril botella
abril botella
benoni's school is a recognised school for tourism located in the heart of brussels , belgium . it offers a wide choice of courses from cooking , computer , make up , languages , geographie to culture and civilization . students start their day at the gym , where they learn the importance of being fit , that is way i suggest to film this activity . once students have taken a shower after a hard physical training they come to real life , depending on their levels they have to study for instance languages wich i personally find very important for a person working in the tourism field because these enables stuff to communicate with clients in a proper way , students have to manage to speak at least three languages . another important lesson to film is " culture and civilization , therefore people will know that the hostessess prepered at this school are not only , as french say , " pot-au-fleurs " , beautiful faces to show off but also well read persons . last but not less important is the class called " know-how " wich shows students how to cope with unspected problems even if they are in stress . i would also take an outdoor lesson " training " . the school works together with known companies of the branch as mariot hotel , air france princess cruise among others in order to provide students with high qualified training . 
benoni's school is a recognised school for tourism located in the heart of brussels , belgium . it offers a wide choice of courses from cooking , computing , make-up , languages , geography , to culture and civilization . students start their day at the gym , where they learn the importance of being fit , that is why i suggest filming this activity . once students have taken a shower after hard physical training they enter real life . depending on their levels of proficiency , they have to study for instance languages which i personally find very important for a person working in the tourism industry because they enable staff to communicate with clients in a proper way . students have to manage to speak at least three languages . another important lesson to film is " culture and civilization , " so people will know that the waitresses prepared trained at this school are not simply , as the french say , " pot-au-fleurs " , beautiful faces , but also well-read people . last but not least is the class called " know-how " , which shows students how to cope with unexpected problems even if they are stressed . i would also choose an outdoor lesson , " training " . the school works together with known companies in the industry , the as mariot hotel , air france , princess cruise , among others , in order to provide students with high quality high-quality training . 
dear mrs ryan , 
dear mrs ryan , 
i have recently received your letter informing i won a two-week-holiday prize prize two-week holiday at the camp california . enclosing information you asked for , there are some points , i want to point out . 
i have recently received your letter informing me that i have won a two-week holiday prize prize of a two-week holiday at camp california . enclosing the information you asked for , there are some points i want to point out . 
first of all , i will not have finished my university course until the end of the june so i can only travel in july . i would prefer to stay in tents than log cabins . since i was a child , i have been intrested in camping and sleeping under the tents . 
first of all , i will not have finished my university course until the end of june so i can only travel in july . i would prefer to stay in a tent rather than a log cabin . since i was a child , i have been interested in camping and sleeping in tents . 
if i can participate on swimming and photography groups , i will be grateful . i have been swimming for 8 years for a club and enjoying a lot . i am afraid , i am not good at photography but i want to improve it . 
if i can participate in swimming and photography groups , i will be grateful . i have been swimming for a club for 8 years and enjoy it a lot . i am afraid i am not good at photography but i want to improve . 
i need some more information about the camp life and also i would like to know what i need to take with me . for exemple , how much pocket money will be enough and which kind of clothes i should wear . . 
i need some more information about camp life and also i would like to know what i need to take with me . for example , how much pocket money will be enough and what kind of clothes i should wear . 
i hope to receive your reply soon . i am really looking forward to going this camp . 
i hope to receive your reply soon . i am really looking forward to going to this camp . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
subject: suggestion about lessons and activities should be filmed . 
subject: suggestions about lessons and activities which should be filmed . 
a - lessons
a - lessons
english
english
it is one of the most popular subject in the school . also , because this video is their project , it should be filmed . 
it is one of the most popular subjects in the school . also , because this video is their project , it should be filmed . 
drama
drama
seeing that this is the first year of the drama lessons , it is not very well known . also they are showing their first play on the 2nd of july . part of the show can be filmed . 
seeing that this is the first year of drama lessons , it is not very well known . also they are putting on their first play on the 2nd of july . part of the show could be filmed . 
maths
maths
regarding that the school's maths team won the this year's city's maths competition and is going to the national school's maths championship , it will be good idea to film some of their training course and also ordinary maths lesson where the majority of the students attend . 
considering that the school's maths team won this year's city maths competition and is going on to the national schools' maths championship , it would be a good idea to film some of their training courses and also ordinary maths lessons which the majority of the students attend . 
b- social activities
b- social activities
to show the life at the school is not only lessons and exams , the video should be inclued the annual summer fete , school's weekend trip which is on friday 7th of july and also the dance which is organized on the last day of the school year . 
to show life at the school we need not only lessons and exams , the video should also be included include the annual summer fete , the school's weekend trip which is on friday 7th of july , and also the dance which is organized on the last day of the school year . 
dear sir/madam , 
dear sir/madam , 
thank you for informing me that i have won first prize in your competition two weeks at camp california in the usa . i will be pleased to send more further information which you need . 
thank you for informing me that i have won the first prize in your competition of two weeks at camp california in the usa . i will be pleased to send the further information which you need . 
in addition , i would like to travel on july because my school will have finished that month so i will be able to go on holiday . and if it is possible , i would rather be accommadated in log cabins because i would not like to share the bathroom facilities someone who i do not know well . thank you for asking me to choose the list of the activities . either i am in the school swimming team and i am intered in photography professionally . therefore i would like to improve my skills and knowledge about the subjects during my holiday . could i please know which kind of clothes i should bring with me and the company offers us some expensise money to spend ? 
in addition , i would like to travel in july because my school will have finished that month so i will be able to go on holiday . and if it is possible , i would rather be accommodated in log cabins because i would not like to share the bathroom facilities with someone who i do not know well . thank you for asking me to choose from the list of activities . i am in the school swimming team and i am interested in photography professionally . therefore i would like to improve my skills and knowledge in these subjects during my holiday . could you please tell me what kind of clothes i should bring with me and whether the company offers us some expenses money to spend ? 
once again , thank you for sending me information . i feel , it will be the best holiday , i have ever had . i look forward to hearing from you at your earliest convenience . 
once again , thank you for sending me some information . i feel it will be the best holiday i have ever had . i look forward to hearing from you at your earliest convenience . 
yours faithfully
yours faithfully
shopping is not always enjoyable
shopping is not always enjoyable
who does not like shopping ? perhaps just men or anybody who has lack of time or if you are looking for something to buy particular and shop has not range of variety . 
who does not like shopping ? perhaps it is just men or anybody who has a lack of time or if you are looking for something particular to buy and the shop has no variety . 
frankly , if i had a lot of money i would have spend my entire life to do shopping . although i am the one who loves shopping , i can not stand on the easters , the christmas and sundays , because those days are suitable for anyone to consume the food , buy some presents etc . however , everyone prefers to do the same thing and the same time . it causes over crowded shops , high-pitch noise , lack of parking place and if you have to go shopping with a child , the whole matters just enough to drive you crazy . despite knowing the difficulty we do not resist to do shopping in those days . on the other hand , some companies offer special service such as sending your order with the post or on telephone . it could be the solution , avoid busy hours or days , do not bring your child with you , choose the right shop which has park . 
frankly , if i had a lot of money i would spend my entire life shopping . although i am someone who loves shopping , i cannot stand the easters , the christmas and sundays , because those days are suitable for anyone to consume the food , buy some presents etc . however , everyone prefers to do the same thing and at the same time . it leads to overcrowded shops , high-pitched noise , a lack of parking places and if you have to go shopping with a child , the whole thing is just about enough to drive you crazy . despite knowing the difficulty we do not avoid shopping on those days . on the other hand , some companies offer special services , such as sending your order by post or taking it on the telephone . it could be the way to avoid busy times or days . do not take your child with you ; choose the right shop which has a car park . 
dear helen ryan , 
dear helen ryan , 
i have received your letter: i was very glad to know that i have won two weeks at camp california . i have to take part in basketball competitions all year long , except during july , so it is the only month in which i can travel . i would be grateful if i could have the accomodation in a log cabin: i would prefer not to stay in a tent because of my height , i am so tall that i could never stand up . i would like to play basketball because my trainer said that it would be suitable not to stop practising it during july . i can play basketball very well i would be grateful if you could teach me to play golf . i have never practised this sport , so i can't play golf at all . 
i have received your letter: i was very glad to know that i have won two weeks at camp california . i have to take part in basketball competitions all year long , except during july , so that is the only month in which i can travel . i would be grateful if i could have the accommodation stay in a log cabin: i would prefer not to stay in a tent because of my height ; i am so tall that i could never stand up . i would like to play basketball because my trainer said that it would be advisable not to stop training during july . i can play basketball very well . i would be grateful if you could teach me to play golf . i have never tried this sport , so i can't play golf at all . 
would you mind sending me some information about the kind of clothes i will need ? i would like to know how much money you suggest to bring . i would be grateful to receive some information about the meals at the camp and i hope that it will not be a problem for you if i am a vegan . 
would you mind sending me some information about the kind of clothes i will need ? i would like to know how much money you suggest bringing . i would be grateful to receive some information about the meals at the camp and i hope that it will not be a problem for you if i am a vegan . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you , 
i am looking forward to hearing from you , 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
elena pabori
elena pabori
i think that if we want to show the good points of our typical school-day , we should film the large number of sport activities that this school organises because students are compelled by them to come to school with enthusiasm . 
i think that if we want to show the good points of our typical school day , we should film the large number of sports activities that this school organises because students are compelled by them to come to school with enthusiasm . 
only who gets good marks can take part in theese activities , so sport activities are seen as a prize , so while the students are playing basket ball , tennis , volleyball . . . or they are swimming you can see satisfaction on their faces , and our volleyball team is excellent . it would be nice to film an ancient greek poetry lesson because ancient greek teacher is very good at explaining; she is excellent at catching our attention and she wants everyone to tell the class the impressions and emotion they have reading saffo , alceo , alcmone . . . . 
only those who get good marks can take part in these activities , so sports activities are seen as a prize , so while the students are playing basketball , tennis , volleyball . . . or they are swimming you can see satisfaction on their faces , and our volleyball team is excellent . it would be nice to film an ancient greek poetry lesson because the ancient greek teacher is very good at explaining; she is excellent at catching our attention and she wants everyone to tell the class the impressions and emotions they have reading saffo , alceo , alcmone . . . . 
in my opinion we should film science lesson , so that our teacher , listening to her own statements could realise that they make no sense ! 
in my opinion we should film a science lesson , so that our teacher , listening to her own statements could realise that they make no sense ! 
dear sir or madam , 
dear sir or madam , 
i have received your letter about the prize i have won in your competition . i would like to thank you and give some information you asked about me . 
i have received your letter about the prize i have won in your competition . i would like to thank you and give some of the information you asked about me . 
re time: i am a student and have examinations until the end of june . the only convinient time to travel is in july . i hope you can arrange this . 
re the time: i am a student and have examinations until the end of june . the only convenient time to travel is in july . i hope you can arrange this . 
re accommodation: i would like to stay in a log cabin . i have had sleeping and breathing problems in tents which were serious . i hope to avoid these this time . 
re accommodation: i would like to stay in a log cabin . i have had sleeping and breathing problems in tents which were serious . i hope to avoid these this time . 
re activities: during the two weeks i would like to do tennis and swimming . i regularly play tennis since i was nine years old and i entered several competitions . swimming is another sport i learned when i was six . 
re activities: during the two weeks i would like to do tennis and swimming . i have regularly played tennis since i was nine years old and i have entered several competitions . swimming is another sport i learned when i was six . 
i have a few questions about the camp . are the meals free or do i have to pay for it ? do you have a choice of food ? i'm vegetarian and can't eat any milk products . what kind of clothes will i need ? are there any special clothes you suggest ? 
i have a few questions about the camp . are the meals free or do i have to pay for them ? do you have a choice of food ? i'm vegetarian and can't eat any milk products . what kind of clothes will i need ? are there any special clothes you suggest ? 
i'm looking forward to your reply 
i'm looking forward to your reply . 
yours faithfully
yours faithfully
dear kim , 
dear kim , 
thank you for your letter . i'm glad to hear that you have found a job . i want to apologize for writing so late , but i had a lot of work to do . 
thank you for your letter . i'm glad to hear that you have found a job . i want to apologize for writing so late , but i had a lot of work to do . 
do you remember the concert i helped at . it was absolutely amazing . my job was checking the entry tickets and the bags of the fans . we started at 7 am . to let them in the concert area . i had to tear off a part of every single ticket . this part had to be saved for later because the concert orginazer wanted to know the exactly number of visitors . after two hours of tearing tickets i changed my place and went to help at the security section . here , i had to check the bags and couts of the girls . fans weren't allowed to take any sharp things with them , like knifes or scissors . so i looked into every bag and found some forbidden things in some of the bags . i really felt like a security guard . 
do you remember the concert i helped at ? it was absolutely amazing . my job was checking the entry tickets and the bags of the fans . we started at 7 pm to let them into the concert area . i had to tear off a part of every single ticket . this part had to be saved for later because the concert organiser wanted to know the exact number of visitors . after two hours of tearing tickets i changed my place and went to help at the security section . here , i had to check the bags and coats of the girls . fans weren't allowed to take any sharp things in with them , like knives or scissors . so i looked into every bag and found some forbidden things in some of the bags . i really felt like a security guard . 
it was a great experience . i had a serious duty and also a lot of fun . i met new people which i still see . i would like to introduce them to you . 
it was a great experience . i had a serious duty and also a lot of fun . i met new people who i still see . i would like to introduce them to you . 
i look forward to hearing from you soon . 
i look forward to hearing from you soon . 
love
love
hello , 
hello , 
i'm so glad i won this prize , but i have some questions for you , and of course , the answers you asked me . 
i'm so glad i won this prize , but i have some questions for you , and of course , the information you asked me for . 
well , at first , i would like to travel only in july , because it's my holidays here in portugal . and if it's possible i would like to go after day 10th , because i've got some things to do . 
well , first , i would like to travel only in july , because it's my holiday here in portugal . and if it's possible i would like to go after the 10th , because i've got some things to do . 
and for me , i think tents would be better , i don't know why but , i feel more comfortable . i think it's because the last time i travelled ( with my friends ) , we stayed at log cabins , and when i was sleeping felt some thing moving in my skin , then i work up frightened and when i openned my eyes , i saw lots of big ants ! after that day , i've never stayed at a log cabin . yeah , i think that's why ! 
and for me , i think a tent would be better . i don't know why but i feel more comfortable . i think it's because the last time i travelled ( with my friends ) , we stayed in log cabins , and when i was sleeping i felt something moving on my skin , then i woke up frightened and when i opened my eyes , i saw lots of big ants ! after that day , i've never stayed in a log cabin . yeah , i think that's why ! 
about activities , i enjoy most painting , because i am a plastic artist since i was nine and i've won lots of prizes with my art . and the other activity is singing . everybody says i have an excellent voice , i like to sing when i painting too , it's so relaxing . is that enough ? 
about activities , i enjoy painting most , because i have been a plastic artist since i was nine and i've won lots of prizes with my art . and the other activity is singing . everybody says i have an excellent voice . i like to sing when i am painting too . it's so relaxing . is that enough ? 
i would like to ask what kind of clothe i probably will use there ? and how much clothe ? a lot , or few ? and what about money ? will i spend much ? if you could tell me about this , i'll be glad ! 
i would like to ask what kind of clothes i should wear there ? and how much clothing ? a lot , or a little ? and what about money ? will i spend much ? if you could tell me about this , i'll be glad ! 
greatefully 
gratefully 
teresa j . pereira
teresa j . pereira
dear tina , 
dear tina , 
you won't believe what i'm going to tell you ! remember when i told you i helped someone important ? well , listen to this . 
you won't believe what i'm going to tell you ! remember when i told you i helped someone important ? well , listen to this . 
i was walking down the main street looking for a gift shop . ( i had to buy something for a friend , it was his birthday ) when i found a beautiful store , i stopped in front of it and start looking at the window ( outside ) , then i thought interesting and came in . suddenly , i saw a man with a cap covering his face . i tried to look again to see him better , because he seemed to be very handsome . and then he said " if you promise me you won't get out of this store shouting and screaming and telling everyone that i'm here , i take this cap off of my face " . i didn't know what to do , i was sure he was a robber , or even a murther ! then i said " ok , i promise ! " ( frightened , of course ) . carefully , he took off the cap . tina , guess who was he ? ricky martin ! ! can you believe it ! and there's more ! he asked me if i could help at his concert here in so rafael . because the store manager told him that i was the best hairdresser in the city ! and his hairdresser was sick , so he and his producers were looking for one . isn't that amazing ? i met all the staff , and ricky took lots of fotographs with me and gave me an autographied record . tina , i'm the luckiest girl in the world , don't you think ? i'll send you some photos . 
i was walking down the main street looking for a gift shop ( i had to buy something for a friend , it was his birthday ) , when i found a beautiful store . i stopped in front of it and started looking at the window display ( outside ) , then i thought it was interesting and went in . suddenly , i saw a man with a cap covering his face . i tried to look again to see him better , because he seemed to be very handsome . and then he said , " if you promise me you won't go out of this store shouting and screaming and telling everyone that i'm here , i will take this cap off of my face . " i didn't know what to do . i was sure he was a robber , or even a murderer ! then i said , " ok , i promise ! " ( frightened , of course ) . carefully , he took off the cap . tina , guess who he was ? ricky martin ! ! can you believe it ! and there's more ! he asked me if i could help at his concert here in so rafael . because the store manager told him that i was the best hairdresser in the city ! and his hairdresser was sick , so he and his producers were looking for one . isn't that amazing ? i met all the staff , and ricky took lots of photographs with me and gave me an autographed record . tina , i'm the luckiest girl in the world , don't you think ? i'll send you some photos . 
love , 
love , 
teresa . 
teresa . 
dear mr. ryan , 
dear mr. ryan , 
thank you very much for your letter . i was really amazed to have actually won first prize after years of unsuccessfully entering competitions ! 
thank you very much for your letter . i was really amazed to have actually won first prize after years of unsuccessfully entering competitions ! 
in connection with the questions you asked , please find my answers as follows:
in connection with the questions you asked , please find my answers as follows:
- i could prefer to travel in july as this is the only time i can take my annual leave . 
- i would prefer to travel in july as this is the only time i can take my annual leave . 
- as far as accommodation is concerned , i would prefer the log cabin due to the fact that i am not a teenager any more and crawling in and out of a tent has become cumbersome to me . 
- as far as accommodation is concerned , i would prefer the log cabin due to the fact that i am not a teenager any more and crawling in and out of a tent has become awkward for me . 
- my choice of sports are swimming and tennis . swimming has always been my favourite sport and i can say that i have become an excellent swimmer over the years . tennis i only started four years ago , but have found that i am quite talented at it , having won several competitions during the last two years or so . 
- my choice of sports are swimming and tennis . swimming has always been my favourite sport and i can say that i have become an excellent swimmer over the years . tennis i only started four years ago , but have found that i am quite talented at it , having won several competitions during the last two years or so . 
please let me know if meals are included and if not which facilities are offered in the way of restaurants or self-catering . 
please let me know if meals are included and if not what facilities are offered in the way of restaurants or self-catering . 
looking forward to hearing from you , 
looking forward to hearing from you , 
i remain , 
i remain , 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
the book cry freedom by john briley is certainly one which will take its place in south african history . therefore , i think it is a time document which will remain of interest and which will be read again and again , also by non-south africans . 
the book cry freedom by john briley is certainly one which will take its place in south african history . therefore , i think it is a historical document which will remain of interest and which will be read again and again , by non-south africans as well as south africans . 
generations of young south africans black , white or brown will be reminded of one of the worst times their country went through . steve biko and donald woods will be remembered always . steve biko for becoming a martyr to the black freedom movement of these dark years . a peaceful man who was caught up in the wills of the apartheid regime , dying such a violent death . donald wood for literally jumping over his own shadow and risking his life and that of his family in the process of reporting the vile crimes of the sa . police force . in the end he had to leave the country of his birth to escape imprisonment . 
generations of young south africans , black , white or brown , will be reminded of one of the worst times their country went through . steve biko and donald woods will be remembered always . steve biko for becoming a martyr to the black freedom movement of those dark years - a peaceful man who was caught up in the wiles of the apartheid regime , dying such a violent death . donald wood for literally jumping over his own shadow and risking his life and that of his family in the process of reporting the vile crimes of the sa . police force . in the end he had to leave the country of his birth to escape imprisonment . 
it is my firm believe that this book will remain a piece of literature which will not lose its actuality , in a world where people are hounded for their colour or religion . 
it is my firm belief that this book will remain a work of literature which will not lose its relevance in a world where people are hounded for their colour or religion . 
dear helen , 
dear helen , 
thank you very much for your letter telling me about the first prize . it seems so exciting . i really look forward to taking part at camp california . 
thank you very much for your letter telling me about the first prize . it seems so exciting . i really look forward to taking part in camp california . 
i would like to travel in july because my examination will be finished on june 15th . and i have a plan to go to visit my parents in bangkok , thailand , in the middle of august . so , i think july is the best time to go for the camp . in addition , the weather may be nice at that period of time . for accommodation , i would prefer tents because i get used to it . because i'm not good at sporting , so i will choose singing and photography as my activities . when i was studying in the university i joined the photo club where i got the knowledge a well as a wide variety of knowhow in taking photo . as i love singing and always spend my free time in karaoke to practise , i think my singing is not too bad . 
i would like to travel in july because my examinations will be finished on june 15th . and i have a plan to go to visit my parents in bangkok , thailand , in the middle of august . so , i think july is the best time to go to the camp . in addition , the weather may be nice at that time of year . for accommodation , i would prefer tents because i am used to them . because i'm not good at sport , i will choose singing and photography as my activities . when i was studying at university i joined the photo club where i got the knowledge as well as a wide variety of know-how in taking photos . as i love singing and always spend my free time doing karaoke to practise , i think my singing is not too bad . 
i also have a couple of things to ask you . what type of clothes and how much money do i need to prepare ? i would be delightful if you could recommend me . 
i also have a couple of things to ask you . what type of clothes and how much money do i need to bring ? i would be delighted if you could advise me . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
" shopping is not always enjoyable " . i strongly agree with this sentence . i used to do shopping a lot when i was in the university . i was 19 years old but i spend over 200 pounds in some weeks just to make myself up-to-date all the time . i bought lots of new fashion clothes , bags and shoes . four years in the university i never had saving money . 
" shopping is not always enjoyable " . i strongly agree with this sentence . i used to go shopping a lot when i was at university . i was 19 years old but i spent over 200 pounds some weeks just to keep myself fashionable all the time . i bought lots of new , fashionable clothes , bags and shoes . for four years at university i never had any savings . 
now , i hate shopping because i spent a lot when i was young as mentioned so it came to the conclusion that shopping is a way to waste the time and money . i found that it's not worth when i went to the southern part of thailand 3 years ago where i met an old man and his little grandson . they are very poor . the money that i spent on shopping can help them a lot if i would not do it before . little grandson tried to help his grandfather who was 70 years old by hiring himself out as a gardener after school , though he was only 10 years old . this thing tell me shopping is not enjoyable any more . 
now , i hate shopping because i spent a lot when i was young , as mentioned . so i came to the conclusion that shopping is a way to waste time and money . i found that it's not worthwhile when i went to the southern part of thailand 3 years ago where i met an old man and his little grandson . they were very poor . the money that i spent on shopping could have helped them a lot if i had not spent it already . his little grandson tried to help his grandfather , who was 70 years , old by working as a gardener after school , though he was only 10 years old . this thing told me shopping was not enjoyable any more . 
13 . june . 00
13 june 00
dear mrs ryan , 
dear mrs ryan , 
i have been the happiest woman since i have got your letter . i could not believe my eyes . this was the first competition which i took part and i have won the first prize . it is incredible ! 
i have been the happiest woman since i got your letter . i could not believe my eyes . this was the first competition which i took part in and i have won the first prize . it is incredible ! 
i would like to give you some information . first of all , i would like to travel on 19th of july and come back on 2nd of august , because i have to work until 19th of july . 
i would like to give you some information . first of all , i would like to travel on the 19th of july and come back on the 2nd of august , because i have to work until 19th of july . 
secondly , i would prefer to stay at camp california , because i have been at log cabins before and i didn't enjoy it . this time i want to try something different . 
secondly , i would prefer to stay at camp california , because i have stayed in log cabins before and i didn't enjoy it . this time i want to try something different . 
i would also like to tell you about my free-time activities . i like painting and climbing . i am actually not so good at climbing , but i like the fear of risks and dangers . my painting is not bad , but many people don't like the way i paint , because i use only pencil . i am happy` , , because i will have the chance to do this two activities . 
i would also like to tell you about my free-time activities . i like painting and climbing . i am actually not so good at climbing , but i like the fear of risks and danger . my painting is not bad , but many people don't like the way i paint , because i use only a pencil . i am happy` , , because i will have the chance to do these two activities . 
finally , i would like to ask you if i should take a lot of clothes with me , because i do not know what's the weather like there . my last question were ; how much money do i need ? i hope , i have answered all questions . 
finally , i would like to ask you if i should take a lot of clothes with me , because i do not know what is the weather what the weather is like there . my last question was is : how much money do i need ? i hope i have answered all your questions . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you soon . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you soon . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
shopping is not always enjeyable . 
shopping is not always enjoyable . 
if i had the possibility , i would never go shopping to the big supermarkets . you can lose your way if you do not follow the signs , or you can not find the items what you want to buy . 
if i had the choice , i would never go shopping in the big supermarkets . you can lose your way if you do not follow the signs , or you can't find the items that you want to buy . 
when i was at supermarket last week i suddenly decided not buying from a supermarket at all . first of all you need a lot of time , because the market is so big . secondly , you have a lot of choises and you do not know which one to buy . lastly , there is a recyling problem which many people do not care about . you buy a lot of items without thinking where should go so much rubbish . for instance , i think a lot about this issue , and sometimes i do not even want to spend water , although i should do it . i think i am too sensible . 
when i was at the supermarket last week , i suddenly decided not to buy from a supermarket at all . first of all , you need a lot of time , because the shop is so big . secondly , you have a lot of choices and you do not know what to buy . lastly , there is a recycling problem , which many people do not care about . you buy a lot of items without thinking where so much rubbish should go . i think a lot about this issue , and sometimes i do not even want to use water , although i should . i think i am too sensible . 
i'd prefer to go the markets which are open and outside . so you can ask about the qualities and prices and get immediately your answers . 
i prefer to go to street markets . you can ask about the quality and prices and get immediately an answer an answer immediately . 
in my opinion , small and the markets outsides should be supported , on the other hand the big supermarkets should think more about the recyling problem , which will be the most important problem in the near future . 
in my opinion , small shops and the markets outside street street markets should be supported . on the other hand , the big supermarkets should think more about the recycling problem , which will be the most important problem in the near future . 
mrs ryan , 
mrs ryan , 
it had been a real joy to receive your and i still can't believe it . in answer to your letter , you will find below the informations you need . 
it was a real joy to receive your letter and i still can't believe it . in answer to your letter , you will find below the information you need . 
i start my first job on august 1st , that's why i must travel on july . i can't change anymore the date of umployment because i signed the contract a month ago : i hope it will not make problems to you . 
i start my first job on august 1st , that's why i must travel in july . i can't change the date of employment i start work because i signed the contract a month ago . i hope that will not cause problems to you cause you problems . 
for accomodation , i would prefer to have a log cabin , it would be better to let money or anything without thinking of theft . i've always dreamed about climbing but i never have the opportunity to discover this sport . when i saw you propose this sport , i was really excited . so i choose climbing as a beginner . for the second activity , i will choose sailing . i've done sailing for more than ten years and i really enjoy it . moreover i was sailing teacher on summers the past few years . 
regarding accommodation , i would prefer to have a log cabin . it would be better to leave money or anything in without worrying about theft . i've always dreamed about climbing but i have never had the opportunity to try this sport . when i saw that you offer this sport , i was really excited . so i choose climbing as a beginner . for the second activity , i will choose sailing . i've been sailing for more than ten years and i really enjoy it . moreover i have been a sailing teacher on summers the past few years . 
does camp california provide all clothes for sailing ? do i need to bring money from home ? or can i retire some at camp california ? 
does camp california provide all the clothes for sailing ? do i need to bring any money from home ? or can i withdraw some at camp california ? 
thank you very much . 
thank you very much . 
g morin
g morin
life at school is made of several things . first , lessons are the most important part of what school wants to provide us . but there are also a lots of clubs and activities that take part in the daily life of pupils . that's why they both have to be taken in account in the video we will make . 
life at school is made of several things . first , lessons are the most important part of what school wants to provide us with . but there are also a lot of clubs and activities that form part of the daily life of pupils . that's why they both have to be taken into account in the video we will make . 
the most interesting lessons for pupils are lessons in which we can do something real , concrete . for example , the lessons of mechanics or physics are very interesting . and especially the practical work . it would be great if we show it in our film , it might be also very interesting to watch it . 
the most interesting lessons for pupils are lessons in which they can do something real , concrete . for example , the lessons of engineering or physics engineering or physics lessons are very interesting , especially the practical work . it would be great if we showed these in our film . it might also be very interesting to watch it . 
for other activities , we could probably show a training one of our sport team . for example the team basketball which has won the student regional tittle ( we can also say it ) or the team of football . after all , it is not important the one we will show . but i think we must give a good picture of the school with sport . 
as for other activities , we could probably show a training one of our sports teams one of our sports teams training . for example , the basketball team which has won the student regional title ( we can also say that ) or the football team . after all , it is not important which one we will show , but i think we must create a good picture of the school through sport . 
dear ms helen ryan , 
dear ms helen ryan , 
thank you for the letter . it sounds great . i can't believe it but i'm really pleased to hear that i won first prize . 
thank you for the letter . it sounds great . i can't believe it but i'm really pleased to hear that i won first prize . 
firstly i can travel only in july because i'm studying at college until the end of june and in august i'm travelling greece for one months . 
firstly , i can travel only in july because i'm studying at college until the end of june and in august i'm travelling to greece for one month . 
secondly i would like to stay in log cabins because it would be more spacious and comfortable than tents . 
secondly , i would like to stay in log cabins because it would be more spacious and comfortable than tents . 
i'll tell you two activities i chose . i would like to play tennis and swim . i'm belonging to a tennis club and it is the most favourite sports . i sometimes have a match with friends . i go swimming once a week . i like swimming because i can relax in water . 
i'll tell you the two activities i chose . i would like to play tennis and swim . i belong to a tennis club and it is my favourite sport . i sometimes have a match with friends . i go swimming once a week . i like swimming because i can relax in water . 
lastly , could i ask you something ? how is the weather like in california ? do i need clothes with long sleeves ? how much money should i bring ? can i change money for us dollars there ? 
lastly , could i ask you something ? what is the weather like in california ? do i need clothes with long sleeves ? how much money should i bring ? can i change money into us dollars there ? 
i'm looking forward to hearing from you . 
i'm looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
'shopping is not always enjoyable . '
'shopping is not always enjoyable . '
is it true or not ? 
is it true or not ? 
generally women like shopping . they like looking for fashionable clothes , bags , shoes and so on . in the bargain season , all shops are full of people who keen on finding stuffs which are good value for money . you can see battles between two people who want the same thing sometimes . the most interesting thing is that many men are waiting for their wives or girlfriends outside the shop during shopping . they don't fancy going into the crowdy shop . it is very boring and tiring to be kept waiting . 
generally , women like shopping . they like looking for fashionable clothes , bags , shoes and so on . in the bargain season , all shops are full of people who are keen on finding stuff which is good value for money . you can see battles between two people who want the same thing sometimes . the most interesting thing is that many men are waiting for their wives or girlfriends outside the shop during shopping . they don't fancy going into the crowded shop . it is very boring and tiring to be kept waiting . 
for the women , too . if they can't find things which they expected , they go there just only to get tired . 
for the women , too . if they can't find things which they expected , they go there only to get tired . 
shopping is enjoyable when you find exactly what you want in a calm shop but not always . 
shopping is enjoyable when you find exactly what you want in a calm shop but not always . 
dear mrs helen ryan;
dear mrs helen ryan;
i recieved your congratulations letter for having won the first prize in your competition . i am very greatfull and i want to thank you very much for letting me do this trip . 
i received your letter congratulating me for having won the first prize in your competition . i am very grateful and i want to thank you very much for letting me go on this trip . 
i think it is very kind of yous to ask me what my preferences are for the trip . i ought to let you know that i can only travel the second week of july , because that is when my winter holidays starts . answering another of your questions , i am more likely to stay in a log cabin considering that i will be to weeks in the camp . they are much more confortable than tents . 
i think it is very kind of you to ask me what my preferences are regarding the trip . i ought to let you know that i can only travel in the second week of july , because that is when my winter holidays start . to answer another of your questions , i am more likely to want to stay in a log cabin , considering that i will be two weeks in the camp . they are much more comfortable than tents . 
while i am at the camp i would love sailing and climbing . i have not done any of these activities before , but now that i have the chance i want to take advantage of it . i would be very glad if you could let me know what kind of clothes should i take , and how much money do you think i will need to bring with me . 
while i am at the camp i would love sailing and climbing . i have not done either of these activities before , but now that i have the chance i want to take advantage of it . i would be very glad if you could let me know what kind of clothes i should take , and how much money you think i will need to bring with me . 
i want to thank you again for letting me have this unique experience . looking forward to hearing from you soon . 
i want to thank you again for letting me have this unique experience . looking forward to hearing from you soon . 
dear kim; how are you ? i's been a long time since i last wrote to you . anyways , do you remember my last e-mail , where i told you that i was going to help at a pop concert . well , i'm going to tell you about that awesome experience . the band played at my school so we could raise money for our graduation trip . i asked them if they could play at our school and they told me it would be 350 pounds . " the moicznos " are so popular that we sold our every ticket and end up wining 2000 pounds . appart from calling them , i also helped building up the stage , and took care of the lights . after the concert the whole class helped cleaning up the mess the people left . i can tell you that it was a wonderfull experience . what i liked the most about it is not the fact that we raised a lot of money , but that we enjoyed of an amazing show in which i took active part . the band thanked me very much for calling them and having everything so well organized . i hope you liked reading my story . hope to hear from you soon . love , 
dear kim; how are you ? it's been a long time since i last wrote to you . anyways , do you remember my last e-mail , where i told you that i was going to help at a pop concert . well , i'm going to tell you about that awesome experience . the band played at my school so we could raise money for our graduation trip . i asked them if they could play at our school and they told me it would be 350 pounds . " the moicznos " are so popular that we sold every ticket and ended up winning making 2000 pounds . apart from calling them , i also helped build the stage , and took care of the lights . after the concert the whole class helped clean up the mess the people left . i can tell you that it was a wonderful experience . what i liked the most about it is not the fact that we raised a lot of money , but that we enjoyed an amazing show in which i took an active part . the band thanked me very much for calling them and having everything so well organized . i hope you liked reading my story . hope to hear from you soon . love , 
dear mrs ryan , 
dear mrs ryan , 
i am delighted to answer you back to give you more informations about me since i have won such a nice price . 
i am delighted to reply to give you more information about me since i have won such a nice prize . 
as i have already planned my holiday for august , i will only be available in july , after my exams . 
as i have already planned my holiday for august , i will only be available in july , after my exams . 
it would be nice to have a tent because i have never been camping and would like to try it , at least once . 
it would be nice to have a tent because i have never been camping and would like to try it , at least once . 
the list of activities that you have is very interesting so my choice was very difficult to make but i have finally decided to chose sailing because i have been sailing for five years now and enjoy it very much . my second choice is climbing because i have never climbed and would like to have a go at it . 
the list of activities that you have is very interesting so my choice was very difficult to make but i have finally decided to choose sailing because i have been sailing for five years now and enjoy it very much . my second choice is climbing because i have never climbed and would like to have a go at it . 
i do not have any idea of what the weather is like and what kind of clothes i should take . also , i would like to know if it is better to exchange my money in england or in the usa . 
i do not have any idea of what the weather is like and what kind of clothes i should take . also , i would like to know if it is better to exchange my money in england or in the usa . 
i hope you will be able to answer these questions . 
i hope you will be able to answer these questions . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
like most of the girls i enjoy shopping but it can be either a great moment or a nightmare . 
like most of the girls , i enjoy shopping but it can be either a great event or a nightmare . 
what you expect when you go shopping , generally with a friend or two , is wandering around and looking at everything . having money and be able to spend it in anything you want is brilliant therefore you try to turn it in an enjoyable moment . 
what you expect when you go shopping , generally with a friend or two , is to wander around and to look at everything . having money and being able to spend it on anything you want is brilliant therefore you try to turn it into an enjoyable experience . 
the nightmare starts when you find out that the items you like the most are also the most expensive . then , you decide to wait for the savings but it is even worse as everybody want to do their shopping at that time and the streets are so crowded you cannot even look for your favourite items . 
the nightmare starts when you find out that the items you like the most are also the most expensive . then , you decide to wait for the sales but they are even worse as everybody wants to do their shopping at that time and the streets are so crowded you cannot even look for your favourite items . 
you are hot in the shops , feel annoyed and most of the time cannot find anything you wanted . 
you are hot in the shops , feel annoyed and most of the time cannot find anything you want . 
to conclude , i would say that to have a nice moment shopping you had better to save a lot of money and buy something as soon as you see it or be very patient . 
to conclude , i would say that to have a nice time shopping you had better save a lot of money and buy something as soon as you see it or be very patient . 
dear helen ryan , 
dear helen ryan , 
it was grateful for your message . i can gladly give you some information which you need . 
i was grateful for your message . i can gladly give you some information which you need . 
i would be able to travel only in july because i have a job at the moment , but it will be my vacation in july . i would prefer to be in tents , so that i could enjoy a nature life more than being log cabins . moreover , it would be more exciting for me . 
i would be able to travel only in july because i have a job at the moment , but it will be my vacation in july . i would prefer to be in tents , so that i can enjoy a natural life more than being in log cabins . moreover , it would be more exciting for me . 
it could be nice for doing two activities while i am at the camp . i am interested in sports . especially , i am wonderful at swimming . i have swimmed since i was in primary school . i would like to learn playing golf at the camp . i have never played golf in my life . is it possible to learn playing golf , although i am not good at golf ? 
it could be nice to do two activities while i am at the camp . i am interested in sports . in particular , i am brilliant at swimming . i have swum since i was in primary school . i would like to learn to play golf at the camp . i have never played golf in my life . is it possible to learn to play golf , although i am not good at golf ? 
would you mind giving some answer whether i need some clothes and money at the camp ? 
would you mind giving some answers about whether i need some clothes and money at the camp ? 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
dear kim , 
dear kim , 
i'm sorry that i haven't written to you for a long time . it was nice you wanted to hear about my experience , and i know you're looking for a job which i did . 
i'm sorry that i haven't written to you for a long time . it was nice you wanted to hear about my experience , and i know you're looking for a job which i did . 
it was a wonderful chance for me . as you know , i love music . before the concert started , i cleaned the stage for singers and i gave some drinks to singers . finally , i cleaned the stage again . my works were for singers , so i could meet singers and talk together . 
it was a wonderful opportunity for me . as you know , i love music . before the concert started , i cleaned the stage for the singers and i gave some drinks to the singers . finally , i cleaned the stage again . my work was for the singers , so i could meet singers and talk with them . 
do you know " radio head " ? it is my favourite group . i was able to have some signatures of them . it's brilliant , isn't it ? 
do you know " radio head " ? it is my favourite group . i was able to have some autographs from them . it's brilliant , isn't it ? 
especially , i liked cleaning the stage , because i could stand a famouse singer's stage and i could feel his enthusiasm , even though i had to clean it . 
in particular , i liked cleaning the stage , because i could stand on a famous singer's stage and i could feel his enthusiasm , even though i had to clean it . 
i want to hear about your school life , and your part-time job . 
i want to hear about your school life , and your part-time job . 
i'm looking forward to hearing from you . 
i'm looking forward to hearing from you . 
best wishes , 
best wishes , 
dear mrs smith , 
dear mrs smith , 
i am sad to read about richard not being at his best . i hope that he will recover soon and that he will make it to our conference . 
i am sad to read about richard not being well . i hope that he will recover soon and that he will make it to our conference . 
as far as organisation is concerned , adequate number of double rooms with shower or bath have been booked for your group at the palace hotel located across the main street from the train station . to come to our college , you can either watch downhill to the lake front ( about 10 min ) or take the new cable car from the train station . the college is just stairs away from the bottom end . 
as far as the organisation is concerned , an adequate number of double rooms with shower or bath have been booked for your group at the palace hotel , located across the main street from the train station . to come to our college , you can either walk downhill to the lakeside ( about 10 mins ) or take the new cable car from the train station . the college is just steps away from the bottom end . 
the end-of-conference party will take place on a boat cruising on the lake . it will start by a speech from the director of the conference , followed by a meal . the recreative part will begin at 10 pm with a short musical comedy performed by some of our students and end with fireworks launched from the roof of the college at 2 am . as nights may be cold at this time of the year , may i suggest that you take with you a pullover . appart of that , there is no recommendation as to what to wear . 
the end-of-conference party will take place on a boat cruising on the lake . it will start with a speech from the director of the conference , followed by a meal . the recreational part will begin at 10 pm with a short musical comedy performed by some of our students and end with fireworks launched from the roof of the college at 2 am . as nights may be cold at this time of the year , may i suggest that you take with you a pullover . apart of apart from that , there is no recommendation as to what to wear . 
depending on the interests of your students , i would suggest that you visit the internet site of the tourist office: www . neuchatel . ch . 
depending on the interests of your students , i would suggest that you visit the internet site of the tourist office: www . neuchatel . ch . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
where are you ? is very often the first question that you will be asked when answering the phone . why ? because somebody has invented the most popular communication device ever . 
' where are you ? ' is very often the first question that you will be asked when answering the phone . why ? because somebody has invented the most popular communication device ever . 
the mobile phone . 
the mobile phone . 
once heavy , expensive and not reliable , the new mobile phone fits in almost any pocket and is given away by the operator to attract new customers . 
once heavy , expensive and not reliable , the new mobile phone fits in almost any pocket and is given away by the operator to attract new customers . 
due to the mobile phone . communication has changed , not improved . 
due to the mobile phone , communication has changed , not improved . 
of course it allows to be reached everywhere ( even in places you wouldn't want . ) for rescue teams , it is a great help . but isn't it a handicap outside professional life . shouldn't people communicate with those they are next to instead of calling someone 2 miles away . it is not rare to see two people walking side by side , both talking on the phone . wouldn't it be better to prepare the shopping list instead of dialing home to ask which salad to buy . 
of course it allows us to be reached everywhere ( even in places you wouldn't want ) . for rescue teams , it is a great help . but isn't it a handicap outside professional life ? shouldn't people communicate with those they are next to instead of calling someone 2 miles away ? it is not rare to see two people walking side by side , both talking on the phone . wouldn't it be better to prepare the shopping list instead of dialling home to ask which salad to buy ? 
mobile phone is a marvellous invention but as for cigarettes , we should right on it 
the mobile phone is a marvellous invention , but as with cigarettes , we should write on it : 
caution: use of this device may damage your brain . 
caution: use of this device may damage your brain . 
dear mrs smith
dear mrs smith
i am writing to reply your letter you wrote me on 10 june . 
i am writing to reply to the letter you wrote to me on 10 june . 
firstly , i would like to tell you , that the group has been booked into palace hotel , which locates beside the congress house in the centre . you can make contact with mrs brackenbury using the number 06 8793888 . secondly , the best way from the hotel to the conference is to take the bus , which is specially organized by us . the bus leaves at 8:00 every morning and gets back to the hotel at 6 o'clock in the evening . off course there's also a bus number 8 in front of the hotel is also suitable , but it leaves only every half an hour . 
firstly , i would like to tell you that the group has been booked into the palace hotel , which is located beside the congress house in the centre . you can make contact with mrs brackenbury using the number 06 8793888 . secondly , the best way to get from the hotel to the conference is to take the bus , which has been specially organized by us . the bus leaves at 8:00 every morning and gets back to the hotel at 6 o'clock in the evening . of course there's also a number 8 bus , in front of the hotel , which is also suitable , but it leaves only every half an hour . 
the end-of-conference party , which happens in the evening on 20 june , is going to be held on the coast . beside the barbecue , there are some well-known student bands from our country are performing music through the whole night . what's more is , that there's a latin music band coming to make the party more colourful . it plays from 10:00 to 11:00 , while the students can enjoy it with dancing . the main events of the party will end up at about 12:30 in the night . as you see , what to wear is just something casual . 
the end-of-conference party , which will be in the evening on 20 june , is going to be held on the coast . beside the barbecue , there will be some well-known student bands from our country are playing playing music through the whole night . what's more is that there's a latin music band coming to make the party more colourful . it will play from 10:00 to 11:00 , while the students can enjoy it with dancing . the main events of the party will be at about 12:30 in the night . as you see , what to wear is just something casual . 
finally , in the last afternoon , we could visit the museums , markets ( we have a very interesting robot-market ) . basically it's a free time for the students to look round here by themselves . 
finally , on the last afternoon , we could visit the museums and markets ( we have a very interesting robot-market ) . basically it's free time for the students to look round here by themselves . 
i hope your questions re answered appropriatly . 
i hope your questions are have been answered appropriately . 
i'm looking forward to seeing you on the conference . 
i'm looking forward to seeing you at the conference . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
computer life
computer life
now-a-day computer can be found in almost every corner , in offices , in shops . or even in cars and washmachines there're computer chips . what has computer affected to our life ? 
nowadays computers can be found in almost every corner , in offices , in shops . even in cars and washing machines there're computer chips there're even computer chips in cars and washing machines . how have computers affected our life ? 
first of all , the efficiency of the society has been improved . when shopping , we don't need to wait the kasse to take every article's note by hand . when booking a airline , we can just simply make a phone to any agency , and get it done in one minute . secondly , instead of looking up tons of books to get the information what we need , we can very easily search it from internet or on the local network . it's a very often heard , that someone , who has a special illness , gets operations by a foreign institutes , which he find via internet . moreover , with computer network , it can be possible that people work from home , making projects , controling operations or having conferences . lastly the way of communications has been also changed . instead of the tranditional telecommunication , we can talk , mail or even see each other with the help of computer network . 
first of all , the efficiency of society has been improved . when shopping , we don't need to wait for the cashier to take every article's note by hand . when booking an a flight , we can just make a phone call to any agency , and get it done in one minute . secondly , instead of looking up tons of books to get the information that we need , we can very easily search for it on the internet or on the local network . it's very often heard that someone who has a rare illness has has had an operation at a foreign institute which he found via the internet . moreover , with computer networks , it is possible for people to work from home , making projects , controlling operations or having conferences . lastly the way of communications has also been changed also changed . instead of traditional telecommunications , we can talk by , e-mail or even see each other with the help of a computer network . 
of course there're also some aspects in which the computer technology need to be improved . for example , reading on the screen is still not as comfortable as on papers . a very important and severe problem is the reliability and security . till now , to completely rely on computer is still somehow not safe enough . 
of course there're also some aspects in which computer technology needs to be improved . for example , reading on the screen is still not as comfortable as reading on paper . a very important and severe problem is reliability and security . so far , to completely rely on computers is still somehow not safe enough it is still somehow not safe enough to completely rely on computers . 
in conclusion , computer have become a very essential necessity of our life , and it's still a young invention , which need to be improved . 
in conclusion , computers have become a necessity in our life , and it's still a young invention , which needs to be improved . 
dear maria
dear maria
first at all , i am sorry about richard illness . please remember me to him and give him my best wishes . about your request , i'm going to give you all the information that i think you must need , however you can call me if you consider it necessary , ( my phone number is 2496 9731 ) . 
first at all , i am sorry about richard's illness . please remember me to him and give him my best wishes . concerning your request , i'm going to give you all the information that i think you will need . however , you can call me if you consider it necessary . ( my phone number is 2496 9731 . ) 
your group has been booked into the palace hotel . because it is a wellkown hotel it should be easy to find it . moreover , it is really well-located so it will allow you to move around the city without any problem . even more the conference is going to take place in the exhibition centre , which is located only five minutes walking far from the hotel . 
your group has been booked into the palace hotel . because it is a well-known hotel it should be easy to find it . moreover , it is really well located so it will allow you to move around the city without any problem . more importantly the conference is going to take place in the exhibition centre , which is located only five minutes' walk from the hotel . 
we haven't asked for any special clothes so i would wear casual and comfortable clothes , although you can come well-dressed , if you feel better . after the conference we are going to have an informal dinner with a previous snack time in order to introduce each others . 
we haven't asked for any special clothes so i would wear casual and comfortable clothes , although you can come well dressed , if you feel better that way . after the conference we are going to have an informal dinner with a previous snack time in order to introduce ourselves to each other . 
finally in my opinion , you should visit the art gallery . it will take you two or three hours but it's a gorgeous place . i look forward hearing from you . 
finally , in my opinion , you should visit the art gallery . it will take you two or three hours but it's a gorgeous place . i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
" sagrada familia " a real holly building . 
" sagrada familia " , a real holy building . 
if you are looking for a special building in barcelona , which you can like whatever your tastes are , you should visit the " sagrada familia " . among the big number of choices , this unfinished church offers a gorgeous view fro the top of its towers , a charming story and one of the most representative examples of the catalonia modernisme art . 
if you are looking for a special building in barcelona , which you will like whatever your tastes are , you should visit the " sagrada familia " . among the large number of choices , this unfinished church offers a gorgeous view from the top of its towers , a charming story and one of the most representative examples of catalonian modernist art . 
gaudi conceived this church n 1912 , though it wasn't until 1920 they started to build it . since the beginning the work was interrupted in different periods and started again . after gaudi death it was critical stop which was fortunately solved three years later . nowadays , a hard work is being done in order to finish as soon as possible . 
gaudi conceived of this church in 1912 , though it wasn't until 1920 they started to build it . since the beginning the work has been interrupted at different times and started again . after gaudi's death it was critical stop which was fortunately solved three years later . nowadays , hard work is being done in order to finish it as soon as possible . 
the visitor can wonder around all the building or follow a guided visit . there is a exhibition room where maps and projects can be consulted . and , unless you suffer from your heart , you should climb the 350 steps which carry you to the top . there you can enjoy a terrific view , not only will you see almost all the city but also you will discover another perspective of this magnific building . 
the visitor can wander around the whole building or follow a guided tour . there is an exhibition room where maps and plans can be consulted . and , unless you suffer from a heart problem , you should climb the 350 steps which carry you to the top . there you can enjoy a terrific view . not only will you see almost all the city but also you will discover another perspective of this magnificent building . 
dear mrs smith
dear mrs smith
as you know i am in charge for organise the conference in my college . do not worry if richard did not left you all the information . i am pleased to help you . 
as you know , i am in charge of organising the conference in my college . do not worry if richard did not leave you all the information . i am pleased to help you . 
we looked in every hotel in town trying to give you the best offerd . we found two good hotels but we decided for the palace hotel . this has the best price that we could find . the conference day our school driver is going to pick you up in the hotel and take you to the conference . 
we looked at every hotel in town , trying to give you the best offer . we found two good hotels and we decided on the palace hotel . this has the best price that we could find . on the conference day our school driver is going to pick you up at the hotel and take you to the conference . 
the party is going to be in a local discotheque near the college so the best way to get there is walking . you do not have to wear any special kind of clothes but in my opinion you can wear very cassual . 
the party is going to be in a local discotheque near the college so the best way to get there is to walk . you do not have to wear any special kind of clothes but in my opinion you can wear very casual clothes . 
finally , the last day i sugget you to go to the mall where you can enjoy shopping and looking around . 
finally , on the last day i suggest you go to the mall where you can enjoy shopping and looking around . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
introduction
introduction
the aim of this report is to recomend you to visit the fuerte de san diego musseum . this is an historical building . i asked to some pleople in town and this was the best place to choose . 
the aim of this report is to recommend you to visit the fuerte de san diego museum . this is a historical building . i asked some people in town and this was the best place to choose . 
history
history
the fuerte de sandiego musseum was build at the time when the spanish people was trying to take all the lands from mexico , one of the most important people who was at front of the fuerte was hernon cortez , the first spanish in have more lands than anyone at that time . 
the fuerte de sandiego museum was built at the time when the spanish people were trying to take all the lands from mexico , one of the most important people who was at front of the fuerte was hernon cortez , the first spanish in have more lands than anyone at that time . 
place
place
the musseum is situated in front of the sea in the centre of acapulco . is situated in the top of a little mountain in the " old " part on the city . you are able to get there by car or walking and see everything which was made at that time . 
the museum is situated in front of the sea in the centre of acapulco . it is situated on the top of a little mountain in the " old " part of the city . you are able to get there by car or on foot and see everything which was made at that time . 
conclusion
conclusion
on the whole this is the best building in acapulco for his history and reputation . is the best place to go and easy to get there . 
on the whole , this is the best building in acapulco for its history and reputation . it is the best place to go and it is easy to get there . 
dear mrs maria smith , 
dear mrs maria smith , 
as the leader of the conference-organisation , i'm glad if i can help you . my wish is that nothing goes wrong . so you have to know more details about our conference . 
as the leader of the conference-organisation , i'm glad if i can help you . my hope is that nothing goes wrong . so you have to know more details about our conference . 
your hotel is called palace hotel and it is placed in the city centre . as far as i know this hotel is very comfortable . there is also a subway-station near palace hotel . our college is not much far away . you only have to take the subway-train . after three stations you have arrived brooklyn street . when you come out of the subway you see our college . 
your hotel is called palace hotel and it is located in the city centre . as far as i know , this hotel is very comfortable . there is also a subway-station near palace hotel . our college is not very far away . you only have to take the subway-train . after three stations you have arrived at brooklyn street . when you come out of the subway you see our college . 
the conference starts at 6 o'clock and ends at 8 o'clock . the students have prepared a music program for the end-of-conference party . there will also be an international buffet . so don't eat too much before you come . and please don't worry about clothes . there are not any rules . 
the conference starts at 6 o'clock and ends at 8 o'clock . the students have prepared a music programme for the end-of-conference party . there will also be an international buffet . so don't eat too much before you come . and please don't worry about clothes . there are not any rules . 
in our city there is a big adventure swimming park . i think you should visit water world on your last day . you will have a lot of fund , i can tell you . if you need any further information please call me . my number is: 793354
in our city there is a big adventure swimming park . i think you should visit water world on your last day . you will have a lot of fun , i can tell you . if you need any further information please call me . my number is: 793354
yours faithfully , 
yours faithfully , 
the telephone is a very important invention , which has affected our lives . it is a way for people to communicate although they are at two different places . people use the telephone every day and it is one of the most important things in daily life . 
the telephone is a very important invention , which has affected our lives . it is a way for people to communicate although they are in two different places . people use the telephone every day and it is one of the most important things in daily life . 
in my opinion people need a telephone . for example a telephone is very important in job-life . nowadays there are no companies which do not have a telephone . also it is god for people's safety . you can call the police if you are in danger or the ambulance if you are injured . 
in my opinion people need a telephone . for example a telephone is very important in professional life . nowadays , there are no companies which do not have a telephone . also it is good for people's safety . you can call the police if you are in danger or the ambulance if you are injured . 
the people use the telephone also for their personal life . for example when you want to talk to your family or to your friends who live far away . another aspect is that people have more time if they have a telephone . they are able to give and receive informations very quickly . 
people also use the telephone in their personal life . for example , when you want to talk to your family or to your friends who live far away . another aspect is that people have more time if they have a telephone . they are able to give and receive information very quickly . 
this invention has made our lives easier and quickier . the telephone has made my own life also easy and quick . it makes something possible you can not do . finally i would say that the telephone is very efficient for people . 
this invention has made our lives easier and quicker . the telephone has also made my own life easy and quick . it makes something possible you cannot do . finally , i would say that the telephone is very efficient for people . 
dear mrs smith , 
dear mrs smith , 
i am writing to reply to your letter and to give answers to your questions . 
i am writing to reply to your letter and to give answers to your questions . 
the group has been booked into the palace hotel , a five star hotel , which offers many facilities . it is famous for its friendly staff and comfortable rooms . the students can get there with the no 35 bus . they must get on the bus from the city centre and get off after five stations at palace station . the hotel is opposite the station . 
the group has been booked into the palace hotel , a five star hotel , which offers many facilities . it is famous for its friendly staff and comfortable rooms . the students can get there on the no 35 bus . they must get on the bus from the city centre and get off after five stops at palace station . the hotel is opposite the station . 
at the end-of-conference the college , in which the conference will be held , gives a party for all the students . it will be offered light food , like sandwiches , pommes frites , chips , sweets and different drinks - no alcohol . there will be life music and the students can dance and enjoy themselves . it would be better to wear casual clothes , because they are more comfortable and are liked by students . 
at the end of the conference , the college , in which the conference will be held , gives a party for all the students . they will be offered light food , like sandwiches , pommes frites , chips , sweets and different drinks - no alcohol . there will be live music and the students can dance and enjoy themselves . it would be better to wear casual clothes , because they are more comfortable and are liked by students . 
on the last day , the students can enjoy a sightseeing tour around the city , which can be arranged if the students want to . the group can also visit the zoo , the opera or stay and relax at the college's enormous garden and enjoy the settings . 
on the last day , the students can enjoy a sightseeing tour around the city , which can be arranged if the students want to . the group can also visit the zoo , the opera or stay and relax in the college's enormous garden and enjoy the scenery . 
do not hesitate to contact me if you require further information . i am looking forward to seeing you . 
do not hesitate to contact me if you require further information . i am looking forward to seeing you . 
your sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
to: group leader of american students
to: group leader of american students
from:
from:
subject: an interesting building to visit
subject: an interesting building to visit
here is information about the castle in nyremberg
here is information about the castle in nyremberg
location: the castle is in the city centre nearby an enormous church . someone can get to the city centre with the no . 456 bus and then on foot to the castle . 
location: the castle is in the city centre near an enormous church . you can get to the city centre on the no . 456 bus and then go on foot to the castle . 
service: it is over 100 years old but it is kept in a good condition by the local people , who are proude of this castle . 
service: it is over 100 years old but it is kept in good condition by the local people , who are proud of this castle . 
activities: at this time of the year , you will visit nyremberg , on the castle are taken place many theatrical plays or concerts . 
activities: at the time of the year you will visit nyremberg , in the castle are taking place many theatrical plays or concerts many theatrical plays or concerts are taking place in the castle . 
view: from the castle you can have a wonderful view of all the town , especially at night when all the lights are on . it is a different expirience . 
view: from the castle you can have a wonderful view of the whole town , especially at night when all the lights are on . it is a different experience . 
history: at the castle are always few guides , who will show someone around and tell him about the history of the castle ( when it was built , by whom and why ) , which makes everyone enthousistic . 
history: at the castle there are always a few guides , who will show someone around and tell him about the history of the castle ( when it was built , by whom and why ) , which makes everyone enthusiastic . 
recommendation
recommendation
i recomment to visit this castle , because it is interesting , marvelous and something different . it is the favourite place of all the tourists who visit nyremberg . nyremberg is also famous for this castle and the students will have a different expirience and a lesson too . by the way you can visit the
i recommend visiting this castle , because it is interesting , marvellous and something different . it is the favourite place of all the tourists who visit nyremberg . nyremberg is also famous for this castle and the students will have a different experience and a lesson too . by the way , you can visit the
dear mrs smith , 
dear mrs smith , 
i am writing with reference to your last letter concerning the international student conference in our college . i would get you the information you are requested . 
i am writing with reference to your last letter concerning the international student conference in our college . i will give you the information you have requested . 
first of all , we have booked the palace hotel for your group . this hotel is quiet and near the conference building . however , i would suggest going by bus from the hotel to the conference because this is the most convenient form of transport . furthermore , as usually , we would organise a party at the end of the conference , therefore , it would be great if your students wear a suit ( for man ) or a skirt ( for woman ) . furthermore , this party would be in your hotel like the following years . finally , there are a lot of mouseum is our town , therefore , i would suggest going to the frogs museum which is really fashinating . 
first of all , we have booked the palace hotel for your group . this hotel is quiet and near the conference building . however , i would suggest going by bus from the hotel to the conference because this is the most convenient form of transport . furthermore , as usual , we will organise a party at the end of the conference , therefore , it would be great if your students wore a suit ( for a man ) or a skirt ( for a woman ) . furthermore , this party will be in your hotel as in the previous years . finally , there are a lot of museum museums in our town . therefore , i would suggest going to the frogs museum , which is really fascinating . 
don't hesitate to contact me if you need any further information . 
don't hesitate to contact me if you need any further information . 
yours sincerly , 
yours sincerely , 
from:
from:
for: the group leader . 
for: the group leader . 
subject: arboriginal art museum . 
subject: aboriginal art museum . 
the aim of this report is intended to discribe the biggest building of our town . i am in a position to choose a good building which students like myself are interested in . 
the aim of this report is to describe the biggest building of our town . i am in a position to choose a good building which students like myself are interested in . 
a ) this museum presents more than 200000 original art pictures . 
a ) this museum exhibits more than 200000 original art pictures . 
b ) the building has been buit in 1999 , therefore , it is a modern architecture . 
b ) the building was built in 1999 . therefore , it is an example of modern architecture . 
c ) this building is as high as the eiffel tour in paris . 
c ) this building is as high as the eiffel tower in paris . 
d ) this building is included : 30 toilets , 500'000 lights , and also 100 people whom can help you if you need any information . 
d ) this building includes 30 toilets , 500 , 000 lights , and also 100 people who can help you if you need any information . 
i would suggest this place because it is interesting to discover the eldest civilisation of the world in one of the modernest building . 
i would suggest this place because it is interesting to discover the oldest civilisation in the world in one of the most modern buildings . 
mrs smith , 
dear mrs smith , 
i received your letter this morning and i would like to thank you for your interest in the conference . i hope i can answer your questions . 
i received your letter this morning and i would like to thank you for your interest in the conference . i hope i can answer your questions . 
at first , this international student conference has the intension of explain to students how important is the education . in addition to this , we choose the luxuery palace hotel which is comfortable enough and in a good location . the palace hotel is located in the centre of the city , so you can go by train , by bus or by car . i suggest you should go by train and go out in the museum station . the conference will happen in the hotel , which is so much easier . 
first , this international student conference has the aim of explaining to students how important is education education is . in addition to this , we have chosen the luxury palace hotel , which is comfortable enough and in a good location . the palace hotel is located in the centre of the city , so you can come by train , by bus or by car . i suggest you should go by train and get off at museum station . the conference will be held in the hotel , which is so much easier . 
the conference , not being modest , it is a quite well organized . it will starts at eight in the morning and will finish around five in the afternoon . i suggest you should wear something informal . even though we want to make things as more comfortable as possible to our students . 
the conference , not being modest , is quite well organized . it will start at eight in the morning and will finish around five in the afternoon . i suggest you should wear something informal . even though we want to make things as comfortable as possible for our students . 
i am very happy that you want to know my area , although i am afraid an afternoon is not enough . however , if you want , you can call me and i can show you some interesting places . i will be very glad . i look forward to hearing from you . 
i am very happy that you want to know about my area , although i am afraid an afternoon is not enough . however , if you want , you can call me and i can show you some interesting places . i will be very glad . i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
affecting our lifes 
affecting our lives 
cars , boats , motobikes , airplanes: who did never use this once ? this is a good question . the humans seems always that they are running and the fastest of this inventions is certainly , the airplane . 
cars , boats , motorbikes , airplanes: who has never used them once ? this is a good question . the people people seem always always seem to be running and the fastest of these inventions is certainly the airplane . 
at first , when santos dummont invented the airplane , he probably didn't think how the people could transform his creation . in this world , where the nations fight to be the better one couldn't be diferent : the airplane became the most important thing in the war . unfortunately , it was used to kill a lot of people . 
at first , when santos dummont invented the airplane , he probably didn't think how people could transform his creation . in this world , where the nations fight to be the best one couldn't be different , the airplane became the most important thing in the war . unfortunately , it was used to kill a lot of people . 
however , the invention of the airplane has brought us some facilities . how could a person come from brazil to australia ? maybe by boat , but it could take too long ! the best way is definetely , by air . after this invention travel around the world is so much easier . now , we have to say thanks and congratulate all the creators who invented facility things for us . 
however , the invention of the airplane has brought us some facilities . how could a person go from brazil to australia without it ? maybe by boat , but it could take too long ! the best way is definitely by air . with this invention travel around the world is so much easier . now , we have to say thanks and congratulate all the inventors who invented facility things for us . 
so , the airplane is definitely an important invention , because it have changed people's life in wars . until now , it is being important in the transport of thousands and thousands of people around the world . let's congratulate santos dummont ! 
so , the airplane is definitely an important invention , because it has changed people's lives in wars . now , it is important in the transport of thousands and thousands of people around the world . let's congratulate santos dummont ! 
dear mrs smith
dear mrs smith
thank you for your lettre . of course i will give you some more detail about the student conference . 
thank you for your letter . of course i will give you some more details about the student conference . 
first of all the hotel richard brown has been loocked in is the palace hotel . its located close to the main trainstation in our town . it is quite near the conference building . there will be extrabus to get there . the bus will pick you up right at your hotel entery . the end-of-conference party will be a small dinner for all students . you do not have to wear spezial clothes , just wear what you always wear . if you take your uniform with you it would be pleasant to leave it at the hotel . and wear something else . 
first of all the hotel richard brown has been looked has looked at is the palace hotel . it's located close to the main train station in our town . it is quite near the conference building . there will be extra bus extra buses to get there . the bus will pick you up right at your hotel entry entrance . the end-of-conference party will be a small dinner for all the students . you do not have to wear special clothes , just wear what you always wear . if you take your uniform with you it would be pleasant to leave it at the hotel and wear something else . 
there are many things you could do for this short time on the last day . you could visit our famous museum of art or go for a walk along the lake . if you want something for fun or entertainment go bowling . 
there are many things you could do for this short time on the last day . you could visit our famous museum of art or go for a walk along the lakeside . if you want to do something for fun or entertainment , go bowling . 
if you have any further questions , just let me know 
if you have any further questions , just let me know . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
our church is a very famous building at our country . it is eighty meters long and its tower is fourty five meters high . on the top of the tower it has a huge clock on eatch side . the tower is red and the church itself is white painted . in the church are many expensive draws . there is space for about five hundred people . the church was built in 1385 . it is rebuilt in 1948 because of the secound world war it had been demaged . the church is located on a place where you see the whole mountain chain of rigi . visit our church because it is one of the most famous church in our country . it has a interesting past . the tower is absolutly marvelous . you can walk to the top of the tower and it shows you a beautiful view . if you want to visit the church , there will be a special guide who shows you al the things and answer your questions . the entery will be free . 
our church is a very famous building in our country . it is eighty metres long and its tower is forty five forty-five metres tall . on the top of the tower it has a huge clock on each side . the tower is red and the church itself is painted white . in the church are many expensive drawings . there is space for about five hundred people . the church was built in 1385 . it was rebuilt in 1948 because of the second world war , when it had been damaged . the church is located in a place where you can see the whole rigi mountain chain . visit our church because it is one of the most famous churches in our country . it has an interesting past . the tower is absolutely marvellous . you can walk to the top of the tower and it gives you a beautiful view . if you want to visit the church , there will be a special guide who will show you all the things and answer your questions . the entry entry is free . 
dear mrs smith , hello maria . in this letter you will get all the information that you need . 
dear mrs smith , hello maria . in this letter you will get all the information that you need . 
the hotel that group has been booked into is the palace hotel ( in the victoria road ) . and you can take the bus in front of the hotel to go to the college . it is four bus stops . then walk straight for five minutes , you will see the college . 
the hotel that group has been booked into is the palace hotel ( in on the victoria road ) . and you can catch the bus in front of the hotel to go to the college . it is four bus stops away . then walk straight ahead for five minutes . you will see the college . 
after the party , we will go to an entertainment area to have fun and we will eat in mc'donalds . the rest you already knows . i suggest to wear shirts and jeans . 
after the party , we will go to an entertainment area to have fun and we will eat in mc'donalds . the rest you already know . i suggest wearing shirts and jeans . 
and the last three hours before you return , we can go to the " imax " cinema to watch a 3-d film ! after we eat in the kfc . then we all take you and the students to the airport . that's all . i wait you . 
and the last three hours before you return , we can go to the " imax " cinema to watch a 3-d film ! afterwards we will eat in the kfc . then we will all take you and the students to the airport . that's everything . i wait you . 
your sincerly 
yours sincerely 
madrid is a big city and have many interesting places . but the best place for me is " la vaguada " . an entertainment and commercial building . 
madrid is a big city and has many interesting places . but the best place for me is " la vaguada " , an entertainment and commercial building . 
in there , students can have fun in the recreation areas , can watch a film and eat all kind of food and have shopping . we can have fun as well . and that's why i recommend this place to you . 
in there , students can have fun in the recreation areas , can watch a film and eat all kinds of food and go shopping . we can have fun as well . and that's why i recommend this place to you . 
the building itself is a large building . it is very safe as there are policemen and cameras . the buildings seems to be very new but it is quite old . people love this place and called it " madrid-two " . 
the building itself is a large building . it is very safe as there are policemen and cameras . the building seems to be very new but it is quite old . people love this place and called it " madrid two " . 
around it , there are many restaurants and shops as the building bring a lot of people . inside , there are fast-food restaurants and shops as well . and it is easy to come . just take the bus 83 or the sub-way . in here , you can find everything that you want . hope you like it . 
around it , there are many restaurants and shops as the building brings attracts a lot of people . inside , there are fast-food restaurants and shops as well . and it is easy to get to . just take the 83 bus or the subway . in here , you can find everything that you want . hope you like it . 
12 june 2001 . 
12 june 2001 . 
dear maria smith , 
dear maria smith , 
i receved your letter and i'm happy to help you . we booked the palace hotel for your group , it's nice and quiet . i'm sure you'll be fine here . we chose the palace hotel because it's near our college , too . so you are going to come at the conference in some minutes . when you go out of the hotel turn right and go stright on , at the first crossroads turn right again . at the end of this street you can see our college on your left , it's a green building . at the end-of-conference party it'll be something to eat and to drink . in the big room where we'll have the party , it'll be some picturs of our college , you'll see al the generations who passed here . the wears aren't very important , but it'll be fine if the people will wear something different from the usual jeans . 
i received your letter and i'm happy to help you . we booked the palace hotel for your group . it's nice and quiet . i'm sure you'll be fine here . we chose the palace hotel because it's near our college , too . so you are going to get to the conference in a few minutes . when you go out of the hotel turn right and go straight on ; turn right again at the first crossroads . at the end of this street you can see our college on your left . it's a green building . at the end-of-conference party there'll be something to eat and to drink . in the big room where we'll have the party , there'll be some pictures of our college . you'll see all the generations who passed through here . the clothes clothes aren't very important , but it'll be fine if the people wear something different from the usual jeans . 
here we have a lot of beautiful things to do , but the best you can do in about three hours is visiting the painting museum . 
here we have a lot of great things to do , but the best you can do in about three hours is visit the art museum . 
we all are looking forward to seeing your group . 
we are all looking forward to seeing your group . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
television
television
what would our world be without television ? it isn't easy giving an answer at this question . television is an important invention , it permitted us to better our way of communication . this animated box can give us a lot of informations coming from all around the world . 
what would our world be without television ? it isn't easy to give an answer to this question . television is an important invention . it has given us a better means of communication . this animated box can give us a lot of information from all around the world . 
television has affected the " all days life , , , too . we can spend a lot of time enjoying ourselves with some programs , all what we have to do is watching . and we like that , because it's easier nothing doing than engaging ourselves in something that make us do something . 
television has affected the " all days life , , , too . we can spend a lot of time enjoying ourselves with some programmes , all that we have to do is watch . and we like that , because it's easier doing nothing than engaging ourselves in something that makes us do something . 
so television can be a positive or a negative invention , it depends on which use we want to do of this box . 
so television can be a positive or a negative invention . it depends on what use we want to make of this box . 
now we should be able to answer at the introducing question . no , i don't think so . television has become so important for us that we can't thinking that it couldn't exist . 
now we should be able to answer the introducing question . no , i don't think so . television has become so important for us that we can't think imagine that it couldn't exist . 
dear mrs smith
dear mrs smith
i am writing to answer your letter about the details of international students conference . 
i am writing to answer your letter about the details of the international students conference . 
palace hotel has been booked and you should first walk from the hotel to the town hall railway station , which is north city line , is yellow line on the map . after getting on the train , you should get off at the mountain station which is for twenty minutes , is in front of the conference . 
the palace hotel has been booked and you should first walk from the hotel to the town hall railway station , which is on the north city line , which is the yellow line on the map . after getting on the train , you should get off at the mountain station , which is twenty minutes away , it . it is opposite the conference venue . 
the conference which will be held from 1 pm through 4 pm , is a formal party . you should wear formal clothes , and are going to play a game and enjoy welcome drink together . 
the conference which , will be held from 1 pm through 4 pm , is a formal party . you should wear formal clothes , and are going to play a game and enjoy a welcome drink together . 
before catching our plane , we will be able to enjoy going shopping around the airport for three hours in the afternoon . because there are so many unique shops and you should buy good gifts for your parents
before catching our plane , we will be able to enjoy going shopping around the airport for three hours in the afternoon , because there are so many unique shops and you should buy good gifts for your parents
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
dear mr wolf
dear mr wolf
i am writing to answer your question about the information on an interesting building to visit . i would like to introduce one building in my town . 
i am writing to answer your question about an interesting building to visit . i would like to introduce one building in my town . 
" sky heaven " which is the name of the building , is for fifteen minutes from the centre of my town . this building have a hundred floor and it takes for five minutes from the grand to the top in the elevator . there are many facilities which are a museum , a exhibition and many gift shops where we might also enjoy going shopping . 
" sky heaven " , which is the name of the building , is fifteen minutes from the centre of my town . this building has a hundred floors and it takes five minutes to go from the ground to the top in the elevator . there are many attractions such as a museum , an exhibition and many gift shops where we might also enjoy going shopping . 
the reason for my recommendation is that sky heaven is the highest building in the world . you should get the top of the building and experience such a amazing view . another reason is that there is a good museum , which tell you about the history of my town so easily and clearly . it is a good experience for your students . 
the reason for my recommendation is that sky heaven is the tallest building in the world . you should go to the top of the building and enjoy an amazing view . another reason is that there is a good museum , which tells you about the history of my town so easily and clearly . it will be a good experience for your students . 
i hope you will accept my recommendation and am looking forward to hearing from you soon . 
i hope you will accept my recommendation and am looking forward to hearing from you soon . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
dear mrs smith , 
dear mrs smith , 
i am glad to helping you for the organisation of the international student conference . 
i am glad to help you with the organisation of the international student conference . 
the group has been booked into the palace hotel , and the best way to get from there to the conference is by tube , the building of the conference is then five minutes by footh . 
the group has been booked into the palace hotel , and the best way to get from there to the conference is by tube . the location of the conference is then five minutes by foot . 
at the end-of-conference there is a party , where we can eat something , dance and speak to each other about the conference . 
at the end of conference end of the conference there is a party , where we can eat something , dance and speak to each other about the conference . 
for the party i suggest you to wear classic clothes; maybe something black and not red or pink . i am going to wear black classic trousers and a white jorsey - it can be that this information give you some idea too . . 
for the party i suggest you wear classic clothes; maybe something black and not red or pink . i am going to wear classic black trousers and a white jersey - it might be that this information gives you some idea too . 
on the last day we are going to have about three hours free times . what do you think if we will go to visit the arts museum ? of if we will go to hear a classic concert near the conference building's ? 
on the last day we are going to have about three hours' free time . what do you think about going to the arts museum ? or we could go to hear a classic concert near the conference buildings . 
i hope that i have been able to give you some help . and i am looking forward to seeing you at the conference . 
i hope that i have been able to give you some help . and i am looking forward to seeing you at the conference . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
dear morgan , 
dear morgan , 
i am writing a report , which will describe you the most important building of my town . 
i am writing a report , in which i will describe for you the most important building in my town . 
the most important building of biasco is the , , casa cavalier pellanda " . it is an old big house of a rich lord in the middle of the town . into this house there is a big museum , where you could know the past of biasco . 
the most important building of biasco is the , , casa cavalier pellanda " . it is the big old house of a rich lord in the middle of the town . in this house there is a big museum , where you can learn about the history of biasco . 
under the museum there is a big dark place , where the wine is produced . your american students could learn how the , , meriot ticinese " is produced and why is it so famous in tiano . i think that these suggestions could interest your student then biasco , with its , , casa cavalier pellanda " , is the middle points of two tailes - leventina and blenio - and the middle points of two similar but also different cultures too . 
under the museum there is a big dark place , where the wine is produced . your american students could learn how the , , meriot ticinese " is produced and why it is so famous in tiano . i think that these suggestions could interest your students also . also biasco , with its , , casa cavalier pellanda " , is the middle point of two tailes - leventina and blenio - and the middle point of two similar but also different cultures too . 
i hope that these informations will bring you to visit biasco and its , , house " . 
i hope that this information will encourage you to visit biasco and its , , house " . 
yours faithfully , 
yours sincerely , 
dear mrs maria smith , 
dear mrs maria smith , 
i am sorry to hear that richard brown isn't well and hope he'll get better soon . i am more than happy to give you the nessessary information . 
i am sorry to hear that richard brown isn't well and hope he'll get better soon . i am more than happy to give you the necessary information . 
your group has been booked into palace hotel which is only 2 miles away from our college . the college will arrange a mini-bus to come and pick you up every morning at 8:45 , so you can arrive to the college around 9 o'clock and have some time before the conference starts at 9:15 . the reason we don't suggest you to take a walk from your hotel is that you'd have to walk through a large building site which is not going to be suitable for a group of 20 students . 
your group has been booked into the palace hotel , which is only 2 miles away from our college . the college will arrange for a mini-bus to come and pick you up every morning at 8:45 , so you can arrive at the college around 9 o'clock and have some time before the conference starts at 9:15 . the reason we don't suggest you take a walk walk from your hotel is that you'd have to walk through a large building site which is not going to be suitable for a group of 20 students . 
as you already know we are going to have the end-of-conference party where the head of the college will give a small speech at the begining , then it will a buffet and a disco . you don't need to dress up smartly but please , make sure that your students don't wear short or trainers . 
as you already know , we are going to have an end-of-conference party where the head of the college will give a short speech at the beginning , then there will be a buffet and a disco . you don't need to dress up smartly but please , make sure that your students don't wear shorts or trainers . 
regarding to what you could do in your free afternoon on the day you leave i would suggest you to take the students to our history museim . it's not very big but it has got some amazing information about the history of our town and their people . there is also a gift shop in there , where your boys and girls can buy some soveniers for their families and friends . 
regarding what you could do in your free afternoon on the day you leave i would suggest you take the students to our history museum . it's not very big but it has got some amazing information about the history of our town and their people . there is also a gift shop in there , where your boys and girls can buy some souvenirs for their families and friends . 
i hope i've answered all your questions but if you need anymore information , please let me know . 
i hope i've answered all your questions but if you need any more information , please let me know . 
i am looking forward to seeing you all soon . 
i am looking forward to seeing you all soon . 
best regards , 
best regards , 
to my personal opinion one of the most important and useful thing which has been invented in a car . cars take a big part in our life . everywhere you look you can see cars . more and more people learn how to drive and choose to travel by car , because it saves a lot of time comper to travelling by public transport . cars are also more reliable than other types of transport . you don't have to wait on a bus stop on a cold and windy weather for a late bus , or being stuck on a train for an hour due to some railtrack repairs , you can just jump into a car , tune your radio onto your favourite station and have a plesant drive to your distanation . 
in my personal opinion one of the most important and useful things which has been invented is the car . cars play a big part in our life . everywhere you look you can see cars . more and more people are learning how to drive and choosing to travel by car , because it saves a lot of time compare compared to travelling by public transport . cars are also more reliable than other types of transport . you don't have to wait at a bus stop in cold and windy weather for a late bus , or be stuck on a train for an hour due to some track repairs . you can just jump into a car , tune your radio to your favourite station and have a pleasant drive to your destination . 
cars are even more important for emergency situations such as fire in a house or if somebody is critically ill . could you imagine if our police , doctors or fire-fighters had to get somewhere quickly on foot ? i don't think i need to comment on this . 
cars are even more important for emergency situations such as a fire in a house or if somebody is critically ill . could you imagine if our police , doctors or fire-fighters had to get somewhere quickly on foot ? i don't think i need to comment on this . 
from my personal experience i realised how it's important to drive a car when i was living in johanesburg in south africa . i arrived there with my family when my daughter was only 4 months old and i couldn't drive at that time . johanesburg is a very dangerous place to live . i couldn't just go for a walk , it was too dangerous . there was no public transport and i had to stay in the complex where we lived most of the time , and relay on other people to take me to a shop or the doctors or anywhere else . there i soon realised that i had to learn how to drive if i wanted a quality life for my daughter and myself . 
from my personal experience i realised how it's important to drive a car when i was living in johanesburg in south africa . i arrived there with my family when my daughter was only 4 months old and i couldn't drive at that time . johanesburg is a very dangerous place to live . i couldn't just go for a walk , it was too dangerous . there was no public transport and i had to stay in the complex where we lived most of the time , and rely on other people to take me to a shop or the doctors or anywhere else . there i soon realised that i had to learn how to drive if i wanted some quality of life for my daughter and myself . 
since i passed my driving test i can not understand how i used to live without a car before . i use my car every day everywhere i go and i absolutelly love it ! 
since i passed my driving test i cannot understand how i used to live without a car before . i use my car every day everywhere i go and i absolutely love it ! 
12th june 2001
12th june 2001
dear mrs smith , 
dear mrs smith , 
i am writing to inform you some information about an international student conference . 
i am writing to give you some information about an international student conference . 
first of all , the hotel which the group has been booked into is the princes hotel . it is very near york railway station which you can get there easily . by rail: get off at york station and you can walk from the station turn left and the hotel is on your left hand side . by bus: most of the buses in york city centre pass the station , or you can take a taxi . 
first of all , the hotel which the group has been booked into is the princes hotel . it is very near york railway station , from which you can get there easily . by rail: get off at york station and you can walk from the station . turn left and the hotel is on your left-hand side . by bus: most of the buses in york city centre pass the station , or you can take a taxi . 
secondly , the conference is very important event for all of us , we agree to wear formal dresses . for example , men should wear suits , ties and the so on . in addition , at the end-of-conference party , we also have a country dancing show . it could be very special because all the dancers are from our group . 
secondly , the conference is a very important event for all of us . we agree to wear formal dress . for example , men should wear suits , ties and so on . in addition , at the end-of-conference party , we also have a country dancing show . it could be very special because all the dancers are from our group . 
finally , on the last day we have an afternoon free . it would be grateful if we could go for a walk around the city of york and visit the historic buildings . if you could think of any other ideas it would be very kind of you . i would be grateful if my idea and all the information could help you . 
finally , on the last day we have an afternoon free . it would be great if we could go for a walk around the city of york and visit the historic buildings . if you could think of any other ideas it that would be very kind of you . i will be pleased if my idea and all this information can help you . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
inventions have affected all our lives ! 
inventions have affected all our lives ! 
nowadays , a lot of things are invented and make our lives are more convenient than those days . a car is one of the invention which is very useful . 
nowadays , a lot of things are invented and make our lives more convenient than in the old days . a car is one of the inventions which are very useful . 
i think a car is very important to me because it's very convenient for everyday life . for example , i can travel to many places in the u . k . especially , i live in whitwell-on-the-hill ( a village near malton in north yorkshire ) . can you imagine if i hadn't got a car how could i go shopping , go to college and so on ? 
i think a car is very important to me because it's very convenient for everyday life . for example , i can travel to a lot of places in the u . k . especially since i live in whitwell-on-the-hill ( a village near malton in north yorkshire ) . can you imagine how i could go shopping , go to college and so on if i hadn't got a car ? 
in fact , there are buses ( number 843 and 845 ) which go pass my village but the bus fares is very expensive for me . apart from that it takes long time to go somewhere . 
in fact , there are buses ( number 843 and 845 ) which go past my village but the bus fares are very expensive for me . apart from that it takes a long time to go somewhere . 
the car has largely affected my own life . i can go anywhere by car a lot quicker than use public transports . i can listen to the radio and sometimes can listen to thai music which i brought some cassets with me from thailand . i took a car driving theory test last october and i passed it and i will take a pratice driving test very soon . i think i have to drive the car myself , so that it will know more about the advantages of using the car . 
the car has significantly affected my life . i can go anywhere by car a lot quicker than by using public transport . i can listen to the radio and sometimes can listen to thai music , as i brought some cassettes with me from thailand . i took a driving-theory test last october and i passed it and i will take a practical driving test very soon . i think i have to drive the car myself , so that i will know more about the advantages of using a car . 
in conclusion , i think car is very important to me and it has affected my own life . if i have more money i will buy another car . i think it has more advantages than disadvantages . so , we should say many thanks to the person who invented a car ! 
in conclusion , i think a car is very important to me and it has affected my own life . if i had more money i would buy another car . i think it has more advantages than disadvantages . so , we should say many thanks to the person who invented the car ! 
dear mrs smith
dear mrs smith
it was such a pleasure to receive your letter , and we will be extremely glad to see you at the conference , we have been organising . let me give you some further information concerning the event . 
it was such a pleasure to receive your letter , and we will be extremely glad to see you at the conference we have been organising . let me give you some further information concerning the event . 
firstly i would like to inform you about the hotel we have already booked for you . is called palace hotel , and we hope that is going to satisfy your expectetions . the conference is not too far from your hotel . i strongly reccommend you to use the public transportation in order to get there , cause you may be find other types of transportation quite expensive . 
firstly i would like to inform you about the hotel we have already booked for you . it is called the palace hotel , and we hope that it is going to meet your expectations . the conference is not too far from your hotel . i strongly recommend you to use public transport in order to get there , because you may find other types of transportation quite expensive . 
moreover , you must be aware of the fact that the conference is going to last two hours , untill 10:00 pm . after that our college has organised a barbequiou night , with traditional local music that you must not miss . you don't need to wear formal clothes . just every day clothes . 
moreover , you must be aware of the fact that the conference is going to last two hours , until 10:00 pm . after that our college has organised a barbecue night , with traditional local music that you must not miss . you don't need to wear formal clothes , just everyday clothes . 
finally , i am aware of the fact that the last day you have some hours free before you catch your plane . don't miss the chance to visit our famous tourist attractions . there is also huge shop centre , where you can buy some souvenirs or taste some of our traditional food . 
finally , i am aware of the fact that on the last day you have some hours free before you catch your plane . don't miss the chance to visit our famous tourist attractions . there is also a huge shopping centre where you can buy some souvenirs or taste some of our traditional food . 
i hope that you will find my information helpfull 
i hope that you will find my information helpful . 
i'am looking forward to seeing you 
i am looking forward to seeing you . 
your sincerely 
yours sincerely 
the hystorical museum
the historical museum
welcome to athens ! ! without any doubt , a hystorical place which provides it's visitors with the opportunity to discover different aspects of the greek history during the passing of centuries . 
welcome to athens ! ! without any doubt , it is a historical place which provides its visitors with the opportunity to discover different aspects of greek history during the passing of the centuries . 
don't miss the chance to visit the hystorical museum , located in the heart of the capital city . a traditional building which was built at the beginning of the century . the hystorical museum is simply a symbol , a proof of what greek have always considered as main principal : their freedom . there are five diffrent floors , each of them presents a diffrent chronical period of greek history , starting from the period before the birth of juisus and concluding to the revolution of 1967 . the museum provides the visitor with the opportunity to see original pieces of writing , famous paintings having as main subject the revolution of 1821 , and aspects of the greek religion that has always considered to be vital part of greek history . there is a small amount of money that visitors should pay for entry . inside the museum there is bookshop having a large variety of hystorical books , maps etc . 
don't miss the chance to visit the historical museum , located in the heart of the capital city . a traditional building which was built at the beginning of the century , the historical museum is simply a symbol , a proof of what the greek greeks have always considered as a fundamental principle : their freedom . there are five different floors , each of them presents a different chronological period of greek history , starting from the period before the birth of jesus and concluding with the revolution of 1967 . the museum provides the visitor with the opportunity to see original pieces of writing , famous paintings having as their main subject the revolution of 1821 , and aspects of the greek religion that have always been considered to be a vital part of greek history . there is a small entry fee . inside the museum there is a bookshop with a large variety of historical books , maps etc . 
if you really want to discover what greek history means , we strongly recommend you to visit the hystorical museum ! ! ! 
if you really want to discover what greek history means , we strongly recommend you to visit the historical museum ! ! ! 
dear maria smith , 
dear maria smith , 
thank you for your letter and i will try to help you . i will remind you that the international student conference will be the next month on the first of july . 
thank you for your letter and i will try to help you . i must remind you that the international student conference will be next month on the first of july . 
the hotel that we booked was the palace hotel which is near the bus station . when you are in the bus station you will catch the bus number 37 which will go to town center . from there you will walk until the college because it is easier to get there than to get with another bus . anyway the college is the first road on your right from town center . 
the hotel that we booked is the palace hotel , which is near the bus station . when you are in the bus station you will catch bus number 37 , which will go to the town centre . from there you will walk to the college because it is easier to get there that way than to get another bus . anyway the college is the first road on your right from the town centre . 
after the conference some drink and food will be available in the sport-center which is well equipped for disco-party . our party has a special subject 'western' . so we suggest to wear western clothes . 
after the conference some food and drink will be available in the sport center sports center sports centre , which is well equipped for disco discos . our party has a special theme : 'western' . so we suggest wearing cowboy-style clothes . 
on your last day you could go to the sport-musseum which is grateful and famous around the world or only go for a walk around reconvillier-park . 
on your last day you could go to the sport-museum sport museum sports museum , which is great and famous around the world , or just go for a walk around reconvillier park . 
i hope that i had answer all of your question and that the conference will be grateful . 
i hope that i have answered all of your questions and that the conference will be great . 
yours sincerely . 
yours sincerely . 
from:
from:
to: the group leader
to: the group leader
subject: old roman school . 
subject: old roman school . 
introduction: i am writing to explain you about the location , the architecture and the story of the old roman school from courtelary . i hope that you will get there with your group because it has a lot of beautiful thing to see . it is the unique old roman school in the world . 
introduction: i am writing to describe you about the location , the architecture describe the location and architecture for you and tell the story of the old roman school of courtelary . i hope that you will go there with your group because it has a lot of beautiful things to see . it is the only old roman school in the world . 
location: courtelary is situated in switzerland and the school is on the top of the town's hill . this place is very important because it is there that an emperor had growing up . 
location: courtelary is situated in switzerland and the school is on the top of the town's hill . this place is very important because it is there that an emperor grew up . 
architecture: it is a typical from this epoque with beautiful draw on the wall and first kind of writing in the sport center . the door is enormous because for them the entry was the most important . 
architecture: it is a typical from this epoch with beautiful drawing on the wall and first kind of writing in the sports centre . the door is enormous because for them the entrance was very important . 
history: all began when ogus micius said that roman need to go at school . they decided to build more school specially in switzerland because the people were considerated clever . during the second world war all school were demolished only our is left . 
history: it all began when ogus micius said that romans needed to go to school . they decided to build more schools , especially in switzerland because the people there were considered clever . during the second world war all the schools were demolished and only ours is left . 
conclusion: i gave you a lot of reason to get in this building and i hope you will enjoy your trip in my town . 
conclusion: i have given you a lot of reasons to go to this building and i hope you will enjoy your trip to my town . 
dear mrs maria smith , 
dear mrs maria smith , 
thank you for your letter . 
thank you for your letter . 
i am writing to answering our question . 
i am writing to answer your question . 
firstly , i already have booked palace hotel for the students . there is the hotel near my college . it takes five minutes to get my college by walking . i will copy the map around the college . 
firstly , i have already booked the palace hotel for the students . that is the hotel near my college . it takes five minutes to get to my college on foot . i will copy the map around the college . 
secondly , i will tell you about the end-of-conference party . it will start at six o'clock . the party will be held in the dinning room . people who will attend the party are many professers , semi-professers and faculties . so i suggest that the students should wear formal clothes . 
secondly , i will tell you about the end-of-conference party . it will start at six o'clock . the party will be held in the dining room . the people who will attend the party include many professors , semi-professors and faculties . so i suggest that the students should wear formal clothes . 
finally , i will give you some ideas for an afternoon free time . the city in which there is my college is traditional in my country . for example , there are many shrines , temples , and castles . i suggest that you should visit these places . you will have a good time . in addition , there are many other colleges . you will be able to see many japanese students . 
finally , i will give you some ideas for an afternoon free time . the city in which there is my college is traditional in my country . for example , there are many shrines , temples , and castles . i suggest that you should visit these places . you will have a good time . in addition , there are many other colleges . you will be able to meet many japanese students . 
i am looking forward to seeing you at the conference . if you would like to gain more information , you will ask me everytime . 
i am looking forward to seeing you at the conference . if you would like to get more information , you will ask me every time . 
yours sincerely . 
yours sincerely . 
i suggest that you should visit one building . 
i suggest that you should visit one building . 
my town is the capital of japan . so there are many higher buildings . i think it is like new york . however , i have only one building which i want you to visit . 
my town is the capital of japan . so there are many high tall buildings . i think it is like new york . however , there is only one building which i want you to visit . 
the name of the building is 'sunshine 60' . this is the highest building in tokyo . i recommend to visit . i have three reasons for my recommendation . 
the name of the building is 'sunshine 60' . this is the tallest building in tokyo . i recommend visiting it . i have three reasons for my recommendation . 
firstly , there is the acquerium in the building . in addition , this is the 60th floor , i went there first time i couldn't believed it . 
firstly , there is the aquarium in the building . in addition , there is the 60th floor , when . when i went there the first time i couldn't believe it . 
secondly , if you visit there , you will see everywhere in tokyo . the scene of tokyo is not beautiful , but you think that this city is a developing place . on the other hand you may think what a small city it is ! ! 
secondly , if you go there , you will see everything in tokyo . the view of tokyo is not beautiful , but you will think that this city is a developing place . on the other hand you may be surprised at what a small city it is ! ! 
finally , there are many shops inside the building . you will have a good time for shopping . 
finally , there are many shops inside the building . you will have a good time shopping . 
i hope when you visit , you will be favorite place . you should visit there . 
i hope when you visit you will be favourite place . you should go there . 
12 . 06 . 2001
12 . 06 . 2001
dear mrs smith , thank you for your letter of asking for my help to the conference . i would like to help you with my best . 
dear mrs smith , thank you for your letter asking for my help with the conference . i would like to do my best to help you . 
firstly , palace hotel has been booked into for the group accomodation and i spoke with the hotel manager for traveling to the conference . the hotel has their own buses , they will pick us from hotel to the conference saloon . 
firstly , palace hotel has been booked for the group's accommodation and i spoke with the hotel manager about travelling to the conference . the hotel has its own buses , they will take us from the hotel to the conference saloon . 
secondly , i would like to tell more about end-of-conference party . i booked palace hotel's restaurant for our party and it is big enough for your students . it is going to be very lovely and enjoyable because i have lots of surprises for students . in addition , i suggest that they should wear sporty and comfortable clothes . 
secondly , i would like to tell you more about the end-of-conference party . i booked the palace hotel's restaurant for our party and it is big enough for your students . it is going to be very lovely and enjoyable because i have lots of surprises for the students . in addition , i suggest that they should wear sporty and comfortable clothes . 
finally , you would like to know some activities for three hours free time . i think you can go to the 'dreamland' . in this place there is video games , some little competitions and small zoo available . students can enjoy their time in this place and it is on the way of the airport . 
finally , you would like to know about some activities for three hours of free time . i think you can go to the 'dreamland' . in this place there are video games , some little competitions and a small zoo available . students can enjoy their time in this place and it is on the way to the airport . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
your sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
to: american students group leader
to: american students' group leader
from: . . . 
from: . . . 
re: information on an interesting building to visit
re: information on an interesting building to visit
introduction
introduction
here is my report for american students who want information on an interesting building to visit in ankara . i would like to describe 'anitkabir'
here is my report for american students who want information on an interesting building to visit in ankara . i would like to describe 'anitkabir'
findings
findings
1 . this building's name is 'anitkabir' and it is the biggest building in ankara . it built in 1953 . it is placed in the middle of the forest . there is different kind of bird and different kind of trees present . 
1 . this building's name is 'anitkabir' and it is the biggest building in ankara . it was built in 1953 . it is located in the middle of the forest . there are different kinds of birds and different kinds of trees present . 
2 . it has very big museum inside the building and all building made from stone . 
2 . there is a very big museum inside the building and all the building is made from stone . 
3 . this building's security guards are very special soldiers . their aim is to protect the building from the enemies because there is also very big army museum available . 
3 . this building's security guards are very special soldiers . their aim is to protect the building from enemies because there is also a very big army museum available . 
4 . it has no charge for entrance and it has a good view for tourists to seeing ankara from the hill . it opens at 8 . 00 am to 5 . 00 pm 
4 . there is no charge for entrance and it has a good view for tourists to see ankara from the hill . it opens from 8 . 00 am to 5 . 00 pm . 
recommendations
recommendations
i recommend that it is the best building in ankara to visit because it includes all turkish history and very good sight seeing . 
i think that it is the best building in ankara to visit because it includes turkish history and very good sightseeing . 
dear mrs . smith , 
dear mrs . smith , 
i am writing in reply to your letter about the internation student conference . 
i am writing in reply to your letter about the international student conference . 
the hotel which we have reserved for your group is the palace hotel . it is not far from our college , taking 20 minutes by car . it would be a good idea to take a taxi from the hotel to the college because the total members of your group are 4 and taxi fare would not be expensive . there is a taxi rank opposite the hotel . 
the hotel which we have reserved for your group is the palace hotel . it is not far from our college , taking 20 minutes by car . it would be a good idea to take a taxi from the hotel to the college because the total number of members in your group is 4 and a taxi fare would not be expensive . there is a taxi rank opposite the hotel . 
regarding the end-of-conference party on thursday , it starts at 7 p . m . in the garden of the college . you can wear either casual dresses or fancy ones because we have a fancy-dress competition and the raffle is a bottle of french champaign . 
regarding the end-of-conference party on thursday , it starts at 7 p . m . in the garden of the college . you can wear either casual dress or fancy dress because we are having a fancy-dress competition and the prize is a bottle of french champagne . 
on friday afternoon , it has set to be a free time . therefore , you can go shopping in the town centre which is near the college . many beautiful and traditional souvenirs can be found there . the other suggestion is going to the flower market where is very famous for tourists because it covers 2 acres and there are plenty of flowers to buy . moreover , it is the biggest flower market in this area . 
on friday afternoon , it has set to be some free time . therefore , you can go shopping in the town centre , which is near the college . many beautiful and traditional souvenirs can be found there . the other suggestion is going to the flower market , which is very famous for tourists because it covers 2 acres and there are plenty of flowers to buy . moreover , it is the biggest flower market in this area . 
i look forward to meeting you soon and hope you have a safe journey . 
i look forward to meeting you soon and hope you have a safe journey . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
invented light
invented light
there are many sources of light in this world such as sunlight , moonlight , candle light . some of them are natural whereas the others are not . owing to increasing demand of light for more activities , the natural source is not adequate . there , electric light has invented . 
there are many sources of light in this world , such as sunlight , moonlight and candlelight . some of them are natural whereas the others are not . owing to an increasing demand for light , for more activities , the natural source is not adequate . therefore , electric light was invented . 
nowadays , the electric light has been becoming part of our lives , especially during the night . whatever we do at night , we need the electric light . 
nowadays , the electric light has become part of our lives , especially during the night . whatever we do at night , we need electric light . 
have you ever imaged how this world would be if there was no electric light ? it must have been a big impact on industry , agriculture and our lifestyle . think about when the electricity in your house got a short circuit . do you feel uncomfortable ? could you do anything much without light ? 
have you ever imagined how this world would be if there was no electric light ? it must have made a big impact on industry , agriculture and our lifestyle . think about when the electricity in your house got short circuited . did you feel uncomfortable ? could you do anything much without light ? 
in addition , the electric light is the manuscript of other electric equipments and they has become an important part of our life , too . i think we should be grateful that we have got the electric light for comforting our lifestyle . 
in addition , the electric light is the manuscript of other electric equipment and they have become an important part of our life , too . i think we should be grateful that we have got the electric light for comforting our lifestyle . 
dear mrs smith , 
dear mrs smith , 
i was very please to receive your letter . it is my pleasure to help you organising the international student conference . 
i was very pleased to receive your letter . it is my pleasure to help you with organising the international student conference . 
firstly , for your information , the group has been booked into the palace hotel , which is located on the town centre . students can take the airport bus to the hotel directly when you arrive . and the best way to get from there to the conference is to by coach , as there are about 35 internation students , they are all strangers here . therefore it is no good taking a bus . i will help you to book the coach . 
firstly , for your information , the group has been booked into the palace hotel , which is located in the town centre . students can take the airport bus directly to the hotel when you arrive . and the best way to get from there to the conference is by coach , as there are about 35 international students , and they are all strangers here . therefore it is no good taking a bus . i will help you to book the coach . 
secondly , the end-of-conference party will be held at college main hall , at 8:00 pm to 11:30 pm on 20th june . there will be various kinds of food and drinks provided . moreover , students can dance and enjoy different sorts of music , for instance , rock , jazz , pop , garage and so on . furthermore , i suggest you and the students wearing pub-wears to it , as it is suitable for dancing . 
secondly , the end-of-conference party will be held at the college's main hall , from 8:00 pm to 11:30 pm on 20th june . there will be various kinds of food and drinks provided . moreover , students can dance and enjoy different sorts of music , for instance , rock , jazz , pop , garage and so on . furthermore , i suggest you and the students wear pub-wears to it , as they are suitable for dancing . 
finally , on the last day , i suggest you could go the market at town during the 3-hour gap . it is a nice place to buy the british style gifts to your family and friends . you could also enjoy the tea at the cafs nearby . 
finally , on the last day , i suggest you go to the market in town during the 3-hour gap . it is a nice place to buy british-style gifts for your family and friends . you could also enjoy the tea at the cafs nearby . 
i would be grateful to give any help if you need . i am looking forward to seeing you . 
i would be pleased to give any help you need . i am looking forward to seeing you . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
from: genevieve chiu
from: genevieve chiu
to: group leader of american students
to: the group leader of the american students
subject: interesting building to visit in hong kong
subject: interesting building to visit in hong kong
visiting po lin temple
visiting po lin temple
the purpose of this is to give information to the american students , describing po lin temple is worth-visited . 
the purpose of this is to give information to the american students describing po lin temple , which is worth visited worth visiting . 
1 . brief history of po lin temple:
1 . brief history of po lin temple:
it was found in 1910 . it is a traditional type of chinese temple . because of the 2nd world war , it was re-built in 1960 . a big buhha was built in 1997 just next to the temple , which is the largest outdoor buhha in the world . 
it was founded in 1910 . it is a traditional type of chinese temple . because of the 2nd world war , it was re-built in 1960 . a big buddha was built in 1997 just next to the temple , and it is the largest outdoor buddha in the world . 
2 . location:
2 . location:
the location of po lin temple is in lotus island , which is the second biggest island in hong kong . 
the location of po lin temple is on lotus island , which is the second biggest island in hong kong . 
3 . opening and closing time:
3 . opening and closing time:
po lin temple is opened to public from 8:00 am to 6:00 pm on monday to friday , and 9:00 am to 5:30 pm on saturday and sunday . 
po lin temple is open to the public from 8:00 am to 6:00 pm on monday to friday , and 9:00 am to 5:30 pm on saturday and sunday . 
4 . transports 
4 . transport 
you could take the mtr ( hk underground ) straight to lotus island or take the ferry to get there . then you need to take the bus a110 , a111 or a112 to po lin temple . it is quite convenient . all the buses and mtr have air-condition . 
you could take the mtr ( hk underground ) straight to lotus island or take the ferry to get there . then you need to take the bus , an a110 , a111 or a112 , to po lin temple . it is quite convenient . all the buses and the mtr have air-conditioning . 
5 . attractive points:
5 . attractive points:
you could go sightseeing around the temple and take photos . of course , you may get more knowledge about hong kong , as the temple have been here for nearly 100 years . the well known big buhha you mustn't miss it , or you will be sorry . the temple also provide free chinese traditional style meals for visitors . 
you could go sightseeing around the temple and take photos . of course , you may acquire a greater knowledge of hong kong , as the temple has been here for nearly 100 years . the well-known famous big buddha you mustn't miss it you mustn't miss the famous big buddha , or you will be sorry . the temple also provides free chinese traditional-style meals for visitors . 
6 . conclusion:
6 . conclusion:
to sum up , i think po lin temple is a nice place to visit , especially for americans students . easy to get there and free amittion . on the other hand , hong kong is known as a highly commerical city , but you could find something different in po lin temple . 
to sum up , i think po lin temple is a nice place to visit , especially for americans students . it is easy to get there and free admission . on the other hand , hong kong is known as a highly commercial city , and you could find something different in po lin temple . 
dear mrs smith , 
dear mrs smith , 
first of all i'm sorry to hear that richard brown is ill . as you are the leader of a group instead of him , i'm delighted to give all the information you have asked for . 
first of all i'm sorry to hear that richard brown is ill . as you are the leader of the group instead of him , i'm delighted to give you all the information you have asked for . 
the palace hotel has been booked for the group , and from there to the conference , we have organized with the hotel's bus service to take the student to the conference . we will meet at the lobby at 9 . 00 am . 
the palace hotel has been booked for the group , and , from there to the conference , we have organized the hotel's bus service to take the students to the conference . we will meet in the lobby at 9 . 00 am . 
the conference party will last at 1 . 00 am , but every body do not need to stay until the end . there will be a bus taking students who do not need to stay at the party until the end . the bus will be service at 9 . 30 pm and 11 . 30 pm then at the end of the party will be the last one . everybody are free to dress for the party but be considering to be appropriate . 
the conference party will last until 1 . 00 am , but everybody does not need to stay until the end . there will be a bus taking students who do not want to stay at the party until the end . the bus will be service at 9 . 30 pm and 11 . 30 pm , then at the end of the party there will be the last one . everybody is free to dress for the party but consider what is appropriate . 
on the last day at noon , you could go to the craft centre near by the airport . there are lots of thing there you will enjoy watching or buying for friends . 
on the last day at noon , you could go to the craft centre nearby the airport . there are lots of things there you will enjoy watching or buying for friends . 
if there is any information you need to know about the conference , please let me know . i look forward to see you at the conference . 
if there is any information you need to know about the conference , please let me know . i look forward to seeing you at the conference . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
telephone saved my friendship
telephone saved my friendship
it's very hard to decide which invention is the best . because all of them are so important in difference way . 
it's very hard to decide which invention is the best . because all of them are so important in different ways . 
as now i'm being away from home , telephone is very important to me . having telephone i can call my mother , my friends which helping me from home sick , not completely but i think it's better than other ways . to hear the voice from the person you love is the feelling that hard to describe , it's wonderful and so real , you can imagine their face clearly . 
as now i'm away from home , the telephone is very important to me . having a telephone i can call my mother and my friends , which helps prevents me from feeling homesick ; not completely but i think it's better than other ways . to hear the voice of the person you love is a feeling that is hard to describe ; it's wonderful and so real . you can imagine their face clearly . 
i had a problem with my best friend once when we keep in tuch through e-mail . the problem is the language , we used english but we both were not very good at it by the time which made us misunderstand each other . however , the problem solved by a telephone . we are now still friend . thanks to the invention of the telephone . 
i had a problem with my best friend once when we kept in touch through e-mail . the problem was the language . we used english but neither of us were very good at it at the time , which made us misunderstand each other . however , the problem was solved by a telephone . we are now still friends . thanks to the invention of the telephone . 
dear mrs smith
dear mrs smith
with reference to the information that you had requested , the hotel that had been booked is the holiday inn , in new port and to get to the university of wales wich is not far from the hotel , you only need to take a divertion where clearly indicate carleon and once that you are on the main road all you need to do is to follow the country road which take you direct to the place . concerning to the party at the end of the conference , this will be formal there fore you will need formal clouding as you know there will be company directors , managers etc . 
with reference to the information that you have requested , the hotel that has been booked is the holiday inn , in new port and to get to the university of wales , which is not far from the hotel , you only need to take a diversion where clearly indicate carleon and once you are on the main road , all you need to do is to follow the country road which takes you directly to the place . concerning the party at the end of the conference , this will be formal , therefore you will need formal clothing , as you know there will be company directors , managers etc there . 
as for the last day i would suggest you to take a visit to the locall museum and the ruin's castle . in the fist you will find a very intresting collection of roman vestiges , also you can visit another section wich it supoused to be a roman cite . 
as for the last day , i would suggest you take make a visit to the local museum and the ruins of the castle . in the first you will find a very interesting collection of roman vestiges remains , also you can visit another section which is supposed to be a roman site . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
i always had consider myself been very looky to be born in the century because all the amaizing human inventions . 
i always had considered myself to be very lucky to be born in the century because of all the amazing human inventions . 
as an example let's have a look and we will see of this nation how it has developed . we just need to think about the first world wold and all the inventions created thanks to the industrial revolution to these day . 
as an example let's have a look and we will see this nation and how it has developed . we just need to think about the first world wold and all the inventions created thanks to the industrial revolution to this day . 
however i feel that at the moment there should emerge more grups to control this development because the industrial polution that it has been created and it seems that its very little what has been done at the moment in relation to our embiroment . 
however , i feel that at the moment there should emerge more groups to control this development because of the industrial pollution that has been created and it seems that it's very little , what is being done at the moment in relation to our environment . 
i hope in the future there will be more and more people interested in this important issue . 
i hope in the future there will be more and more people interested in this important issue . 
dear mrs maria smith , 
dear mrs maria smith , 
i read your letters and i'm ready to help you . 
i read your letters and i'm ready to help you . 
i think that we have to think which hotel is better for the students . i have an idea and i think that you will agree with me . i was thinking about the palace hotel because it's very nice and cheap . it has comfortable bedrooms and place for parties . you can book this hotel it's the best and it's near to conference it's only 15 minutes by walk . 
i think that we have to think about which hotel is best for the students . i have an idea and i think that you will agree with me . i was thinking about the palace hotel because it's very nice and cheap . it has comfortable bedrooms and a place for parties . you can book this hotel . it's the best and it's near to the conference . it's only 15 minutes on foot . 
i think that it will be nice about the end-of-conference party if you will invite somebody to sing and give to the student the time to enjoy theirselves and to dance . the party it will be nice . the clothes now that they will wear it has to be smart , not how you are going to casino for example but nice casual , not with sports shoes or t-shirts . 
i think that it will be nice for the end-of-conference party if you invite somebody to sing and give the students the time to enjoy themselves and to dance . the party will be nice . now the clothes that they will wear have to be smart , not the kind you would wear if you were going to a casino for example but nice casual , not with sports shoes or t-shirts . 
on the last day in the afternoon that you have three ours free you can go for coffee or to visit some places . 
on the last day in the afternoon when you have three hours free you can go for coffee or visit some places . 
those are my ideas for the conference . i hope that you will like it . 
those are my ideas for the conference . i hope that you will like them . 
your sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
today our article it will be about an inventions that we need inour life . i think that all this things we need in our life because it can give us a lot of things . 
today our article will be about inventions that we need in our life . i think that all these things we need we need all these things in our life because they can give us a lot of things . 
first of all we need the telephone in our house because it's important to make call if you need something of if it something happend to your house and nobody is next to you . 
first of all we need the telephone in our house because it's important to make a call if you need something or if something happened happens to your house and nobody is with you . 
the second one is the lamp , the electricity that is very important in our life . in the past the people didn't have electicity and if they wanted for example to read or to cook something they used to do in the fire . it's important to have electricity because without this you can't do anything . 
the second one is the lamp , the electricity that is very important in our life . in the past people didn't have electricity and if they wanted , for example , to read or to cook something they used to light a fire . it's important to have electricity because without it you can't do anything . 
the other one is the television . you must have tv because you can liten what it happend in the world and you can watch some places that you didn't go . you can enjoy you time to watch a film if you have free time . 
the other one is the television . you must have a tv because you can listen learn about what happened is happening in the world and you can see some places that you haven't been to . you can enjoy watching a film if you have some free time . 
the boat it's not so important but you can use it for fishing and to see some places . 
a boat is not so important but you can use one for fishing and to see some places . 
the car now is very important in our life you can go wherever you want . in this year the familys they have 3 cars in one family one by one person . 
the car is now very important in our life . you can go wherever you want . this year the families they have 3 cars in one family one by one person . 
for me the most important thing is the telephone because without this you can't do anything , it's part of my life . 
for me the most important thing is the telephone because without this you can't do anything . it's part of my life . 
dear maria smith , 
dear maria smith , 
first of all , the group has been booked into the palace hotel . it is a big hotel because there will be a lot of people . it has a swimming-pool and a nice bar . 
first of all , the group has been booked into the palace hotel . it is a big hotel because there will be a lot of people . it has a swimming pool and a nice bar . 
the hotel is ten minutes far from the conference and there will be a bus available to go directly over there . 
the hotel is ten minutes away from the conference centre and there will be a bus available to go directly over there . 
at the end of the conference , there will be a dinner in a luxurious restaurant so people must have nice clothes; jean's is not allowed . next to the restaurant , there is a disco for people who like dancing . 
at the end of the conference there will be a dinner in a luxurious restaurant , so people must have nice clothes; jeans are not allowed . next to the restaurant , there is a disco for people who like dancing . 
we can do a lot of things in my area . we have the possibility to visit the old town , it's very nice and there is a lot of shops . we can visit the old castle or the painting museum too . 
we can do a lot of things in my area . we have the opportunity to visit the old town . it's very nice and there are a lot of shops . we can visit the old castle or the painting museum too . 
i find television the most important invention . i think it's good for old people because some of them cannot go to the cinema anymore . in one hand it 's because they have not enough money to pay it and in the other hand it's because they can't move very well for example if they are disabled . with television , old people are less alone because most of old woman have not her husband anymore . 
i find television the most important invention . i think it's good for old people because some of them cannot go to the cinema any more . on the one hand that 's because they haven't enough money to pay for it and on the other hand it's because they can't move very well , for example if they are disabled . with television , old people are less alone because most old women don't have their husbands any more . 
television is a good way to be informed with the news . i prefer being informed by television than by newspapers , it's more relaxing . 
television is a good way to be informed about the news . i prefer being informed by television than by newspapers ; it's more relaxing . 
i think television is a good invention for children when they have free time and while they are watching television , we don't have to look after them if we have something important to do . 
i think television is a good invention for children , for when they have free time while . while they are watching television , we don't have to look after them if we have something important to do . 
dear mrs smith , 
dear mrs smith , 
i'm very glad to be able to help you out with such sutiation . 
i'm very glad to be able to help you out with such a situation . 
first of all , the group has been booked into 'the palace hotel' . you won't have any problem to find the college because it's in front of the hotel , and the conference will be there . 
first of all , the group has been booked into 'the palace hotel' . you won't have any problem finding the college because it's opposite the hotel , and the conference will be there . 
as you know , the conference will start at 11:00 and it will finish at 13:00 , but we will have lunch altogether at 13:30 in the college's hall until 14:30 . 
as you know , the conference will start at 11:00 and it will finish at 13:00 , but we will have lunch altogether at 13:30 in the college's hall until 14:30 . 
you'll have to wear a white shirt and blue trousers , if you want you will be able to wear a blue jacket . 
you'll have to wear a white shirt and blue trousers . if you want you will be able to wear a blue jacket . 
when we had finished you'll be able to enjoy yourself in our cinema or television room , but if you prefer other things , we've got a swimming pool and a library , it will your own choice . 
when we have finished you'll be able to enjoy yourself in our cinema or television room , but if you prefer other things , we've got a swimming pool and a library . it will be your own choice . 
i hope it was useful for you . 
i hope it was useful for you . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
dear group leader , 
dear group leader , 
in order of your request , i'm going to give you some information about which is the best place to visit in this town , fuengirola . 
with regard to your request , i'm going to give you some information about which is the best place to visit in this town , fuengirola . 
fuengirola has a wonderful and beautiful castle which is right on the sea front . it is placed on the top of a little hill which is part of the beach . 
fuengirola has a wonderful and beautiful castle which is right on the seafront . it is situated on the top of a little hill which is part of the beach . 
you can't lose the chance to see this castle because it is an excellent view and always there are a lot of people there and there are little shops where you can buy souvenirs . 
you shouldn't miss the chance to see this castle because there is an excellent view and there are always a lot of people there and there are little shops where you can buy souvenirs . 
at the same time you are enjoying the castle you can take a breake to go to the beach and you can look at the castle from the sea , it is also amazing . also , there is a museum of history inside . as you see , you have to visit the castle , you won't feel regret about that . 
at the same time you are enjoying the castle you can take a break to go to the beach and you can look at the castle from the sea , that . that is also amazing . also , there is a museum of history inside . as you will see , you have to visit the castle . you won't feel regret about that . 
your sincerley , 
yours sincerely , 
dear mrs smith , 
dear mrs smith , 
i am writting to answer your letter where you asked for information about the conferents and other points in relation with . 
i am writing to answer your letter where you asked for information about the conference and other points in relation to it . 
the hotel where your group has been booked is the palace hotel . it is a very nice hotel in the centre of the city , and that is very near of the college which the conference is into , five minutes walking . going walking is quicker than waiting for a taxi or a bus . when you arrive to the colleges there will be people indicating the way to the conference room . 
the hotel where your group has been booked is the palace hotel . it is a very nice hotel in the centre of the city , and that is very near to the college where the conference is being held - five minutes' walk . walking is quicker than waiting for a taxi or a bus . when you arrive at the colleges there will be people indicating the way to the conference room . 
at the end of the conference we are doing a party with some cold good and some drinks . there will be music as well for dancing . the director of the college has suggested to wear smart clothes for that occasion and i give you the same advice . 
at the end of the conference we are throwing a party with some cold food and some drinks . there will be music as well for dancing . the director of the college has suggested wearing smart clothes for that occasion and i give you the same advice . 
about the afternoon before leaving i have some suggestions . in the area of the hotel there are two interesting places to visit . one is the picasso museum and the other is an important gallery where you can enjoy seeing differents kinds of paintings . 
regarding the afternoon before you leave i have some suggestions i have some suggestions regarding the afternoon before you leave . in the vicinity of the hotel there are two interesting places to visit . one is the picasso museum and the other is an important gallery where you can enjoy seeing different kinds of paintings . 
i hope my information can help you and it has been useful for you . 
i hope my information will help you and it has been useful for you . 
i am looking forwards to see you at the conference . 
i am looking forwards to seeing you at the conference . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
there is an invention that i think that has been very important: the computer . 
there is an invention that i think has been very important: the computer . 
the computer is very useful and it has affect our own lifes , in differents meanings . the computer has done easy a lot of works . for works that you needed , for example three hours you can do them in ten minutes; the same ! but computers don't have affected only in a good way because thank you to computers the number the places of work for the persons is minor . but , definetely they has been a very important invention . 
the computer is very useful and it has affected our own lives in different ways . the computer has made easier a lot of jobs a lot of jobs easier . for jobs that you needed , for example three hours jobs that you needed , for example , three hours for you can do in ten minutes; the same ! but computers haven't only affected us in a good way because thanks to computers the number the jobs available for people is smaller . but definitely they have they have definitely been a very important invention . 
the last relationed with computers is internet . by internet you can comunicate with people of differents places of the world at the same moment . and you can take lots of informations about a lot of things . every thing that you need you can find it in internet . 
the last relationed with computers is the internet . with the internet you can communicate with people in different places of the world at the same moment . and you can get lots of information about a lot of things . everything that you need you can find it you can find everything that you need on the internet . 
nowadays computer are very developmented and it is increasing . what will be the next ? 
nowadays computers are very advanced and they are increasing . what will be next ? 
dear mrs maria smith , 
dear mrs smith , 
i have received your letter and i am glad i can help you . 
i have received your letter and i am glad i can help you . 
you have been booked to stay in the palace hotel which is a very pleasant hotel not far away from here . the best way to get here is ; once you have gone out of the hotel , turn right , then follow the signs to the hospital , because it is just by our college . when you are in the college ask for me . 
you have been booked to stay in the palace hotel , which is a very pleasant hotel not far away from here . the best way to get here is : once you go out of the hotel , turn right , then follow the signs to the hospital , because it is just beside our college . when you are in the college , ask for me . 
the conference will take one hour , and , at 8 o'clock the party will start , it is a formal party and you should wear formal stuff . the dress code is : no jeans . we will prove you with food and drinks . 
the conference will last one hour , and , at 8 o'clock the party will start . it is a formal party and you should wear formal clothes . the dress code is no jeans . we will provide you with food and drinks . 
for your free hours i have quite a few ideas . there are lots of things to do here . we have got a museum which is just at two minutes from your hotel . you can also go to a nearby park and eat something in the caf . if you go to the main street you will find a street full of shops and i am sure the students would like that . 
for your free time i have quite a few ideas . there are lots of things to do here . we have got a museum which is just two minutes from your hotel . you can also go to a nearby park and eat something in the caf . if you go to the main street you will find a street full of shops and i am sure the students would like that . 
i hope this information will be helpful . if you have any other questions , please , do contact me . 
i hope this information will be helpful . if you have any other questions , please , do contact me . 
looking forward to seeing you soon . 
i'm looking forward to seeing you soon . 
your sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
the mobile phone
the mobile phone
the mobile phone has completely changed our lives , it is an instrument which i cannot imagine myself living without . 
the mobile phone has completely changed our lives , it is an instrument which i cannot imagine myself living without . 
apart from being in-fashion it is also a very helpful machine . do you remember that day when you got stuck in the middle of the road with your car which wouldn't work ? what would you have done in that moment without a mobile phone ? you were at home in less than ten minutes just because you had a mobile phone with you , amazing , isn't it ? 
apart from being in fashion , it is also a very helpful machine . do you remember that day when you got stuck in the middle of the road with your car which wouldn't work ? what would you have done at that moment without a mobile phone ? you were at home in less than ten minutes just because you had a mobile phone with you , amazing , isn't it ? 
nowadays , everyone has a mobile phone . i am fifteen years old and everybody in my year has got a mobile phone . five years ago you wouldn't have even thought about it . it has been a plus for me . for example , now my parents allow me to go to more places just because i have my mobile with me , and , sending text messages is an addiction which every teenager is obsessed with . 
nowadays , everyone has a mobile phone . i am fifteen years old and everybody in my year has got a mobile phone . five years ago you wouldn't have even thought about it . it has been a plus for me . for example , now my parents allow me to go to more places just because i have my mobile with me , and , sending text messages is an addiction which every teenager is obsessed with . 
all over , the invention of this little device is a big plus for everyone . 
all in all , the invention of this little device is a big plus for everyone . 
dear mrs smith , 
dear mrs smith , 
i am writing to inform you that i have recieved a letter from you about helping you to organise an international student conference in my college . 
i am writing to inform you that i have received a letter from you about helping you to organise an international student conference in my college . 
your group has been booked into the palace hotel which is not very far from my college . however , due to the congestions and delay near the hotel , the best way to get from there to the conference is by underground , victoria street station . you would arrive at the other station opposite my college in approximately 15 minutes . 
your group has been booked into the palace hotel , which is not very far from my college . however , due to the congestion and delays near the hotel , the best way to get from there to the conference is on the underground , from victoria street station . you will arrive at the other station opposite my college in approximately 15 minutes . 
at the end-of-conference party , you may either leave the party or stay in the college for more activities . all different types of clothing could be worn however jean wears and t-shirts would be common on that day . 
at the end-of-conference party , you may either leave the party or stay in the college for more activities . different types of clothing can be worn . however , jean wears and t-shirts will be common on that day . 
instead staying in the hotel for the last three hours , i suggest that you could perhaps visit our town centre . the popular attractions in our town , including the art gallery , museum , aquarium , market square , could be found near our monument of our town , the saltisy bridge . 
instead of staying in the hotel for the last three hours , i suggest that you perhaps visit our town centre . the popular attractions in our town , including the art gallery , museum , aquarium , and market square , can be found near the monument of our town , the saltisy bridge . 
i am looking forward to see you soon . 
i am looking forward to seeing you soon . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
the little woods shopping mall
the little woods shopping mall
location
location
the little woods shopping mall is an idea place for you and your group to visit . it is located very close to the town centre next to the town museum . it can be accessed by the nearby train station . 
the little woods shopping mall is an ideal place for you and your group to visit . it is located very close to the town centre next to the town museum . it can be accessed by the nearby train station . 
facilities
facilities
for those students who are very interested in shopping , clothes shops , jewellery , stationary , book shops , fashion and beauty departments and many more are availiable . for those who want something more exciting and advanturous , you are recommanded to visit the fun fair and amusement on the top floor of the building . other facilities such as cinemas , theatres , large department stores could also be found . there is a little souvenir shop for tourists and a special discount for tourists from aboard to enter the car park . 
for those students who are very interested in shopping , clothes shops , jewellery , stationery , bookshops , fashion and beauty departments and many more are available . for those who want something more exciting and adventurous , you are recommended to visit the fun fair and amusement arcade on the top floor of the building . other facilities such as cinemas , theatres , and large department stores can also be found there . there is a little souvenir shop for tourists and a special discount for tourists from abroad who want to use the car park . 
conclusion
conclusion
not only the tourist information centre would provide the information you might need , you could also visit the ict block which allows you to access onto anything you want to know from the computers . a special trip could also be organized . 
not only the tourist information centre will will the tourist information centre provide any information you might need , you can also visit the ict block , which allows you to access onto anything you want to know from the computers . a special trip could also be organized . 
dear marie , 
dear marie , 
i am writting in connection with your letter bout the international student conference . i appreciate if i can offer you my help . i would like to give you necessary details , which can help you to organise the conference . 
i am writing in connection with your letter about the international student conference . i appreciate if i can offer you my help . i would like to give you the necessary details , which will help you to organise the conference . 
richard brown booked the palace hotel for the students , which is a very comfortable and close to our college . you need only 5 minutes by walking to catch the college . 
richard brown booked the palace hotel for the students , which is very comfortable and close to our college . you need only spend 5 minutes walking to get to the college . 
after conference we are planning to organise a big party with barbecue . the party will take place on forest close to camping place . i hope we will have a nice weather . therefore , i suggest to wear some casual clothes . on the last day an afternoon if you have some free time i would recommend you to visit a very famous exposition of leonardo devinci . the exposition will take place on " gribaldi museum " , which you can find on the crariden street n 5 . you will never regred about my suggestion . if you need more information let me knowe . 
after the conference we are planning to organise a big party with a barbecue . the party will take place in a forest close to a campsite . i hope we will have nice weather . therefore , i suggest wearing casual clothes . on the last day of the afternoon afternoon of the last day , if you have some free time , i would recommend you visit a very famous exhibition of leonardo devinci . the exhibition will take place at the " gribaldi museum " , which you can find on crariden street , n 5 . you will never regret about my suggestion . if you need more information let me know . 
best regards , 
best regards , 
report on the building at the berkeley square . 
report on the building at berkeley square . 
in order to prepare this report i visited the business college and interviewed some students , i asked them only one question " which building do you find more beautiful and more interesting in our city ? " 
in order to prepare this report i visited the business college and interviewed some students , i asked them only one question : " which building do you find most beautiful and most interesting in our city ? " 
the students , who were questioned said that there are a lot of interesting buildings in our city . however the majority of people point out one a very old building , which you can find at barkeley square . most of the students found this building very particular , because it reflects our history , tradition and culture . if you visit the building , you will get impression , feeling , that you are in past times . this building attracts a lot of people , - because it has a very particular style with majestic , antique windows . 
the students who were questioned said that there are a lot of interesting buildings in our city . however , the majority of people point out one very old building , which you can find at barkeley square . most of the students found this building very special , because it reflects our history , tradition and culture . if you visit the building , you will get the impression , the feeling , that you are in the past . this building attracts a lot of people - because it has a very special style with majestic , antique windows . 
in addition , i also visited this place - and i was very impressed . 
in addition , i also visited this place - and i was very impressed . 
finally i would recommend you visited barkely square area . in this area you could also find another different buildings , which would you attract . 
finally i would recommend you visit the barkely square area . in this area you can also find other different buildings , which would you attract . 
report on the group leader
report by the group leader
from
from
12 . 06 . 01
12 . 06 . 01
dear maria , 
dear maria , 
i've recieved your letter asking me for further information about the conference that you going to organise very soon , here yo have a little help for it . 
i've received your letter asking me for further information about the conference that you are going to organise very soon . here you have a little help for it . 
at first , i'd like to tell you that the hotel where you going to stay is " the palace hotel " , wich is situated at the center of the town . it can't be difficult to find , because is very near of the conference . also there is a bus provided for the organisation to take all the students at the hotel . at the end of the conference it will be a party . i might suggest you to wear a casual dress , because many students feels relaxing after the whole day sitting and listening all the conference . the party is amazed by a group of musicians , and as i remembered from last year it was unforgiven , because all the people where dancing and having a lot of fun . 
first , i'd like to tell you that the hotel where you are going to stay is " the palace hotel " , which is situated at the centre of the town . it can't be difficult to find , because it is very near to the conference . also there is a bus provided by the organisation to take all the students to the hotel . at the end of the conference there will be a party . i might suggest you wear a casual outfit , because many students feel like relaxing after a whole day sitting and listening at the conference . the party will be amazed by a group of musicians , and i remember last year it was unforgettable , because all the people were dancing and having a lot of fun . 
it is a well-situated town with a lot of museums to visit especially " the history museum " wich i visited last year , and i think you can enjoy as well . it doesn't take a lot of time to visit and the entrance is free . 
it is a well-situated town with a lot of museums to visit , especially " the history museum " , which i visited last year , and i think you will enjoy it . it doesn't take a lot of time to visit and entrance is free . 
whising i've been very helpful to you . 
wishing hoping i've been very helpful to you . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
telephone change our lifes 
the telephone changes has changed our lives 
it's imposible nowdays to think a life without that invention how quickly affects our life especially in business . we can't imagine a big company without a phone , that can makes business more quickly than anything else . 
it's impossible nowadays nowadays to imagine a life without that invention how quickly affects our life especially in business . we can't imagine a big company without a phone , which can make business more quick than anything else . 
also , i was asking too many people in the street . could you live without telephone ? the answer was all the same " imposible " . an old woman told me how important was the phone when her only son was abroad studing computers in the " chicago university " , she told me that every night was expecting a call from her son , for her was the line of the hapiness . 
also , i have been asking a lot of people in the street : could you live without a telephone ? the answer was always the same : " impossible " . an old woman told me how important the phone was when her only son was abroad studying computers at " chicago university " . she told me that every night she expected a call from her son , because her was the line of the happiness . 
however it was one persone wich he told me , it wasn't happy at all with the phone , because he used to writte a lot , especially at christmas to wish all his friends a very nice christmas but now everybody phone him losing a very old fashion . 
however , there was one person which who told me he wasn't happy at all with the phone , because he used to write a lot , especially at christmas when he wanted to wish all his friends a very nice christmas but now everybody phones him , ending a very old tradition . 
in my opinion this little " box " that everybody has at home can safe your life , especially if you need to ring a doctor in an emergency situation . 
in my opinion this little " box " that everybody has at home can save your life , especially if you need to ring a doctor in an emergency situation . 
in conclusion don't make a very long phone calls and you won't have to pay a very expensive bill . 
in conclusion don't make very long phone calls and you won't have to pay a very expensive bill . 
dear mrs maria smith
dear mrs maria smith
thank you for your letter . it's a shame that i won't see richard because of his illness , but i'm willing to help you as much as i can . then i will give you some information which you asked for in your letter . 
thank you for your letter . it's a shame that i won't see richard because of his illness , but i'm willing to help you as much as i can . so i will give you some information which you asked for in your letter . 
firstly , about your accomodation , our college which i belong to offers visitor free accomodations with full of facilities . ( for example bath , car park , free internet access , etc . ) they also are located in our campus so you can get to the conference by walk . 
firstly , about your accommodation , the college which i belong to offers visitors free accommodations accommodation with full of facilities ( for example , bath , car park , free internet access , etc . ) . they also are located on our campus so you can get to the conference by walking . 
secondly , as you know we'll have a party after the conference , which will be taken place at our student council hall with some meals . this party is unlikely to be that formal , but i recommend you not to wear jeans and trainners . 
secondly , as you know , we'll have a party after the conference , which will take place at our student council hall with some meals . this party is unlikely to be that formal , but i recommend you don't wear jeans and trainers . 
at last , if you have free time for couple of ours , you'd better visit kamakura city , which is 30 minutes from our campus by train . that is very traditional japanese city where so many temple and heritages are there . i'm sure you'll enjoy it and maybe get familier with our culture . 
last , if you have some free time for a couple of hours , you should visit kamakura city , which is 30 minutes from our campus by train . that is a very traditional japanese city where many temples and heritage monuments are there there are many temples and monuments . i'm sure you'll enjoy it and maybe become familiar with our culture . 
by the way , if you have any other questions , please send me a letter again . 
by the way , if you have any other questions , please send me a letter again . 
oh baby , i can't live without you ! 
oh baby , i can't live without you ! 
these days , we've been sorrounded with so any different kinds of products which our ancestors invented . in our daily life , however , we seldom notice how much convinient life we've got , what is more , how much inconvinient our grandparents had got . how nasty we are ! let us try to appreciate thier importance again . 
these days , we're surrounded with so many different kinds of products which our ancestors invented . in our daily life , however , we seldom notice how convenient easy a life we've got or , what is more , how inconvenient difficult our grandparents found it . how nasty we are ! let us try to appreciate their importance again . 
as for me , the invention which is most important to me is a personal computer . i have been a full time student in the university at home , and their classes all requires us to have personal computer and use them at any times . when you take the class on computer programming , you will definetly need one and it holds true for the class on politics , because you have to study statistic on your computer for doing social research and some analysys . my professor said ' go and get familier with your computer , otherwise you'll fail' . 
as for me , the invention which is most important to me is the personal computer . i have been a full-time student in the university at home , and their classes all require us to have personal computers and use them at all times . when you take the class on computer programming , you will definitely need one and that holds true for the class on politics , because you have to study statistics on your computer to do social research and some analyses . my professor said , ' go and get familiar with your computer , otherwise you'll fail' . 
i find it amazingly easy to forget the importance of inventions which we useually use without any questione . that's the nature of human being . but , i think it's not only our fault but the evidence of how much they integrate in our life . 
i find it amazingly easy to forget the importance of inventions which we usually use without question thinking . that's the nature of human beings . but i think it's not only our fault but evidence of how much they have integrated themselves into our life . 
dear mrs smith 
dear mrs smith 
i received your letter asking some information about conference 
i received your letter asking for some information about the conference . 
i am glad to provide all information 
i am glad to provide all the information . 
the group has been booked the place hotel which is near the train station . it is really easy to reach to the conference from the hotel . the bus running front of the hotel . if you catch the red bus that will drop you front of the conference building . 
the group has been booked into the palace hotel which is near the train station . it is really easy to get to the conference from the hotel . the bus runs from in front of the hotel . if you catch the red bus it will drop you in front of the conference building . 
in the conference you should wear formal dress but you are free to choose its colour or style . 
at the conference you should wear formal dress but you are free to choose the colour or style . 
at the end of the conference there will be reseption at the hotel . we have arranged some tours in the city . you will be visit some interesting places and towers . 
at the end of the conference there will be a reception at the hotel . we have arranged some tours of the city . you will be visiting some interesting places and towers . 
i look forward to seeing you . 
i look forward to seeing you . 
yours faithfully . 
yours sincerely . 
computer magic . 
computer magic . 
can you imagine the life before computer . lots of books , papers , many things on the tabels . 
can you imagine life before computers ? lots of books , papers , lots of things on the tables . 
computer is really claver machine . he store all information , never say enough and it never forget any information , whenever we want them from him he dosn't refuse . 
a computer is a really clever machine . it stores all the information , never says enough , and it never forgets any information . whenever we want it from it , it doesn't refuse . 
he saves time for humankind people don't need to spend a lot time to record everything , it makes space in offices . 
it saves time for humankind . people don't need to spend a lot of time recording everything . it makes space in offices . 
many bosses or in the factories not being needed to employ many claver workers because we don't need them a lot a lot them . this saves a lot money for companies . 
a lot of bosses or workers in factories do not need to employ many clever workers because we don't need a lot of them . this saves a lot of money for companies . 
computer has been helping to improve health because in this century we can use it in medical operation doctors can manage the extreemest operation easyly and confedantly . 
computers have helped to improve health because in this century we can use them in medical operations . doctors can manage the most extreme operation easily and confidently . 
in general computer has brought human life two century ahead . it makes life easier for us . 
in general computers have brought human life two centuries forward . they make life easier for us . 
dear mrs smith , 
dear mrs smith , 
i am writing in reply to your letter , which i received yesterday . below is a piece of information you will need for the next international student conference at bournemouth college and some recommendations , which might be useful for the students . 
i am writing in reply to your letter , which i received yesterday . below is some information you will need for the next international student conference at bournemouth college and some recommendations , which might be useful for the students . 
first of all , the hotel booked for the group is the palace hotel , which is very impressive in terms of comfort and facilities . this is a very central hotel located not far away from the conference hall . you will be able to get there either by bus ( no 150 ) or on foot . 
first of all , the hotel booked for the group is the palace hotel , which is very impressive in terms of comfort and facilities . this is a very central hotel located not far away from the conference hall . you will be able to get there either by bus ( no 150 ) or on foot . 
next you are welcome to attend the party organized at the end of the conference . it will begin at elevenish p . m . and may last the whole night . people are going to be disguised there and it would be a good idea to wear extravagant multi-coloured clothes . 
next you are welcome to attend the party organized at the end of the conference . it will begin at elevenish p . m . and may last the whole night . people are going to be in costume there and it would be a good idea to wear extravagant multi-coloured clothes . 
finally i think that you should jump at opportunity to go to the historical pergam's museum before leaving . some of the most amazing masterpieces are exposed there . 
finally i think that you should jump at the opportunity to go to the historic pergam's museum before leaving . some of the most amazing masterpieces are exhibited there . 
i wish you in advance a wonderful trip and look forward to meeting you in bournemouth . 
i wish you a wonderful trip and look forward to meeting you in bournemouth . 
your sincerely
yours sincerely
to: ( group leader ) 
to: ( group leader ) 
from:
from:
subject: bournemouth national museum
subject: bournemouth national museum
as requested i visited the bournemouth national museum , which is , to my mind , one of the most interesting buildings of the area . below is a summary of the most important relevant points and some recommendations you may need . 
as requested i visited the bournemouth national museum , which is , to my mind , one of the most interesting buildings of the area . below is a summary of the most important points and some recommendations you may need . 
1 . architecture
1 . architecture
the architecture of the building in itself is really breathtaking in terms of luxury and ornamentation choice . even if the architectural style may seem a bit ' heavy , this building is really a masterpiece with no similar comparison all over the world . 
the architecture of the building in itself is really breathtaking in terms of luxury and ornamentation . even if the architectural style may seem a bit heavy , this building is really a masterpiece with no real comparison anywhere in the world . 
2 . exposition
2 . exposition
although i have to admit that it is very tiring to visit the whole museum in one day , it is such a rewarding and enriching time that people get never tired of looking at the paintings and sculptures of each section of the museum . 
although i have to admit that it is very tiring to visit the whole museum in one day , it is such a rewarding and enriching experience that people never get tired of looking at the paintings and sculptures in each section of the museum . 
3 . restaurant
3 . restaurant
the adjoining restaurant is very enjoyable as well . the waiters are friendly and always ready to give advice . in fact it is just what visitors need after their trip through the museum . 
the adjoining restaurant is very good as well . the waiters are friendly and always ready to give advice . in fact it is just what visitors need after their trip through the museum . 
to sum up , i would say that this museum is more interesting than the other museums , because you can enjoy not only wonderful masterpieces but also a very uncommon architecture and a quiet restaurant to have a rest if you need to . 
to sum up , i would say that this museum is more interesting than the other museums , because you can enjoy not only wonderful masterpieces but also very unusual architecture and a quiet restaurant where you will be able to have a rest if you need to . 
dear mrs . smith , 
dear mrs . smith , 
in reply to your letter , i would like to answer your questions and give you more information . 
in reply to your letter , i would like to answer your questions and give you more information . 
firstly , the hotel in which the group is going to stay is 'palace hotel' . secondly , the easiest way to travel from the hotel to the conference is by a local bus . there is a bus stop in front of the hotel and no . 31 or 3 will take you directly to the conference . thirdly , the end-of-conference party would be a small disco , with a variety of drinks and food provided . therefore , you could wear something quite casual . 
firstly , the hotel in which the group is going to stay is the 'palace hotel' . secondly , the easiest way to travel from the hotel to the conference is by a local bus . there is a bus stop in front of the hotel and a no . 31 or 3 will take you directly to the conference . thirdly , the end-of-conference party will be a small disco , with a variety of drinks and food provided . therefore , you can wear something quite casual . 
lastly , on the last day , i would suggest you to visit the edinburgh castle and the national scottish museum , as both of them are very interesting and have the student discount . 
lastly , on the last day , i would suggest you visit the edinburgh castle and the national scottish museum , as both of them are very interesting and have a student discount . 
i hope this letter should help you with enough information . 
i hope this letter can help you with enough information . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
could modern people live without a light bulb ? well , i don't think so . only people who could live without it , must be extremely weird or somebody in a very difficult situation ! 
could modern people live without a light bulb ? well , i don't think so . the only people who could live without one would be extremely weird or in a very difficult situation ! 
we are nearly always surrounded by the 'man-made' light . with it , we read , study , walk , and so on . in the past people relied on the sunlight , moonlight and the light from fire . these were , however , very unreliable when the weather was bad and when the fuel ran out . they had to read , study and walk in the dark . today , this kind of thing hardly happens ! well , unless there wasn't anything wrong with the power supply . 
we are nearly always surrounded by 'man-made' light . with it , we read , study , walk , and so on . in the past people relied on the sunlight , moonlight and the light from fire . these were , however , very unreliable when the weather was bad and when the fuel ran out . they had to read , study and walk in the dark . today , this kind of thing hardly ever happens ! well , unless there is something wrong with the power supply . 
i remember when i was about 5 , i visited a museum with my family . while i was in toilet , all the light was turned off ! i screamed and cried since i'd never experienced being in a complete darkness before . when the light was turned on again , i realised how important even a single light bulb would be , and i was sure i can never , ever live without it . 
i remember when i was about 5 , i visited a museum with my family . while i was in the toilet , all the lights went off ! i screamed and cried since i'd never experienced being in complete darkness before . when the light was turned on again , i realised how important even a single light bulb can be , and i was sure i could never , ever live without one . 
june 12 , 2001
june 12 , 2001
dear mrs smith , 
dear mrs smith , 
in replied of your letter , i will try to give you some advices . 
in reply to your letter , i will try to give you some advice . 
concerning the hotel , the group has been booked into the palace hotel . the conference will take place not far from the hotel so you will see indications to follow . 
concerning the hotel , the group has been booked into the palace hotel . the conference will take place not far from the hotel so you will see directions to follow . 
for the conference , i suggest you to wear a beautiful dress , because there will be important persons of others colleges . at the end of the conference , all students and leader will have a drink . 
for the conference , i suggest you wear a beautiful dress , because there will be important people from other colleges . at the end of the conference , all students and leaders will have a drink . 
to finish , if you have spare time , you could walk on the center of poitiers which is very beautiful . 
to finish , if you have spare time , you could walk in the centre of poitiers which is very beautiful . 
i hope i give you enough details . 
i hope i have given you enough details . 
i look forward to meeting you on the conference . 
i look forward to meeting you at the conference . 
yours faithfully , 
yours faithfully , 
the building called in french " le centre pompidou " is a very surprising monument . 
the building called in french " le centre pompidou " is a very surprising monument . 
it's a modern building with an architecture that you can't see in other place . 
it's a modern building with an architecture that you can't see in any other place . 
what is impressive on this building is the number of tubes that you can see outside and inside the building . 
what is impressive about this building is the number of tubes that you can see outside and inside the building . 
on the pompidou's center , there are different expositions on different themes . in general , there are paintings , videos and sculptures . this expositions are often very attractive and they change every year . 
in the pompidou centre , there are different exhibitions on different themes . in general , there are paintings , videos and sculptures . these exhibitions are often very attractive and they change every year . 
another good point , if you go there you will have an extraordinary view on the city . 
another good point , if you go there you will have an extraordinary view over the city . 
so if you visit paris , the pompidou's center is a very interesting building to visit , even if in paris there are many others buildings . 
so if you visit paris , the pompidou centre is a very interesting building to visit , even if in paris there are many other buildings . 
dear maria , 
dear maria , 
first of all , i am sorry to hear that richard is ill . as the conference must go on , i will give you the information you asked for in order to work on with this conference . 
first of all , i am sorry to hear that richard is ill . as the conference must go on , i will give you the information you asked for in order to work on this conference . 
according to the hotel , the group has been arranged to stay in a hotel which is very near the place we are going to have the conference . the hotel is the palace hotel . it'is just only 5 minutes walk from there to the conference and i would like to suggest that this is the best way to get to the conference . 
concerning the hotel , the group has been booked to stay in a hotel which is very near the place where we are going to have the conference . the hotel is the palace hotel . it is only 5 minutes' walk from there to the conference and i would like to suggest that this is the best way to get to the conference . 
about the party , we will have a party at the end of the conference at the hotel you will stay . the party will be in a friendly atmosphere so don't worry about what to wear . there will be only our group , so dress whatever you want and enjoy ourselves . 
regarding the party , we will have a party at the end of the conference at the hotel where you will stay . the party will have a relaxed atmosphere so don't worry about what to wear . there will be only our group , so wear whatever you want and enjoy yourself . 
lastly , what you could possibly do while you will be waiting for three hours , for some people who want to go shopping . the shopping centre is just right opposite of the hotel , however , some people may want to just wait at the hotel , having a cup of coffee . the cafe in the hotel is available . 
lastly , what you could possibly do while you will be waiting for three hours , for some people who want to go shopping . the shopping centre is just opposite the hotel . however , some people may want to just wait at the hotel , having a cup of coffee . the cafe in the hotel is available . 
i hope that information will be useful . if you have any questions i am more than happy to help . i look forward to seeing you at the conference . 
i hope that this information will be useful . if you have any questions i am more than happy to help . i look forward to seeing you at the conference . 
yours sincerely . 
yours sincerely . 
could you live without this ? 
could you live without this ? 
imagine how your life would be if you woke up one morning and found that all the electricity had gone . how would you manage to get yourself ready to go to work . how would you know what happens in the whole wide world or even how you would get yourself breakfast without toaster ! ! ! how would you cope with all those ? 
imagine how your life would be if you woke up one morning and found that all the electricity had gone . how would you manage to get yourself ready to go to work ? how would you know what happens in the whole wide world or even how to get yourself breakfast without a toaster ! ! ! how would you cope with all that ? 
thank god for those who had created the electricity and had applied applied it into every appliances . the electricity is a clever invention . everything bases on the use of electricity , for instance from a little bulb light to the most complicated computer system which stored priceless information ! life wouldn't be easy if we didn't have electricity . the electricity is very important in keeping our lives go . no matter where you are , what you do , apparantly , you need the electricity . let's think this way , if we didn't have the electricity , there would be no other inventions at all ! ! 
thank god for those who created our electricity and had applied applied it into every appliance . electricity is a clever invention . everything is based on the use of electricity , for instance from a little light bulb to the most complicated computer system which stores priceless information ! life wouldn't be easy if we didn't have electricity . electricity is very important in keeping our lives going . no matter where you are , what you do , apparently , you need electricity . let's think about it this way : if we didn't have electricity , there would be no other inventions at all ! ! 
i , personally , couldn't live without the electricity . it has already affected and play a great role in my life . i watch the television and use the computer everyday . moreover , other facilities in my house , telephone , air-conditioner , fridge , for example , they are all need the electricity . that'is why it is very important to my life . 
i , personally , couldn't live without electricity . it has already affected and played a great role in my life . i watch the television and use the computer every day . moreover , other facilities in my house , the telephone , air-conditioner , fridge , for example , they all need electricity . that is why it is very important to my life . 
dear mrs . smith
dear mrs . smith
my name is . . . , i am a local student and i will give you the requested information . the rooms for your students have been booked at the palace hotel near the city-centre . the hotel is just three busstops away from our college . so you and your students can take the bus from the central busstation that is right in front of your hotel to get to the conference . 
my name is . . . , i am a local student and i will give you the requested information . the rooms for your students have been booked at the palace hotel near the city centre . the hotel is just three bus stops away from our college so you and your students can take the bus from the central bus station that is right in front of your hotel to get to the conference . 
the end-of-conference party starts just one our after the end of the conference . it is located in our sports hall . there will be live music and a midnight dinner . so you don't have to appear very noble dressed , just as you like it ( there is no order - you may wear what you want ) . 
the end-of-conference party starts just one hour after the end of the conference . it is located in our sports hall . there will be live music and a midnight dinner . you don't have to appear very noble dressed , just as you like ( there is no dress code - you may wear what you want ) . 
for your last day i think it would be interesting to vistit our historical and famous city-centre . i will organize a tourist guide to give us information about the old buildings and sights . 
for your last day i think it would be interesting to visit our historic and famous city centre . i will organize a tourist guide to give us information about the old buildings and sights . 
if you have any more questions write me a short letter . 
if you have any more questions , write me a short letter . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
the invention of the car was a great point in history . from there on people got mobile and had the possibility to travel wherever they wanted . of course within the physical barriers . people now had the chance to move to far away places to spend their leassure time , to relax , or just to see something different than their home-countryside . 
the invention of the car was a great point in history . from there on people were mobile and had the opportunity to travel wherever they wanted . within of course the physical barriers . people now had the chance to move to faraway places to spend their leisure time , to relax , or just to see something different than their home . 
in my life the car has an enormous influence . i come from a rural area . the next city is 15 km away and there is no acceptable bus - or rail connection to go there . it has been quiet hard to me not to have the opportunities for my free time like my friends that lived in or near the city . i just had no possibility to meet them after school , because i had no vehicle to get there . i always needed my mom or my dad to take me where i wanted to go . 
in my life the car has an enormous influence . i come from a rural area . the next city is 15 km away and there is no acceptable bus or rail connection to go there . it was quite hard for me not to have the opportunities for my free time like my friends who lived in or near the city . i just had no way to meet them after school , because i had no vehicle to get there . i always needed my mom or my dad to take me where i wanted to go . 
today i have my own car and i use it daily to get to work and to meet my friends at any place and any time . so with my car i achieved a great freedom . 
today i have my own car and i use it daily to get to work and to meet my friends at any place and any time . so with my car i achieved great freedom . 
dear mrs smith , 
dear mrs smith , 
i am applying your letter where you asked for some information about the conference in peterborough regional college . 
i am replying to your letter in which you asked for some information about the conference in peterborough regional college . 
your group has been booked into the palace hotel which is situated in the city center , at 15 minutes walking from where the conference take place in . in the next page there is a map showing you the best way to get to the conference that will be at the regional college . 
your group has been booked into the palace hotel , which is situated in the city centre , 15 minutes' walk from where the conference takes place . on the next page there is a map showing you the best way to get to the conference that will be at the regional college . 
the conference will start at 7 p . m , the same day we expect , the 18th of june . our director will make a speech afterwards and there will be a party with some snacks , drinks and music . for the people interested in , there will be also an amusement karaoke . 
the conference will start at 7 p . m . , the same day we expect , the 18th of june . our director will make a speech afterwards and there will be a party with some snacks , drinks and music . for the people who are interested in it , there will also be karaoke . 
everybody should wear formal clothes , at least , a little bit formal . no jeans and tee-shirts . 
everybody should wear formal clothes , at least , a little bit formal . no jeans or tee shirts . 
there is a lot of places you can visit in peterborough . we have a cathedral you can visit anytime and the river side , which is the best if it is a nice day , sunny an warm , for take a walk . for any details look in the next page map . 
there are a lot of places you can visit in peterborough . we have a cathedral you can visit anytime and the riverside , which is best if it is a nice day , sunny and warm , for taking a walk . for details , look at the map on the next page . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
alice knew that is was going to be a very special day for her . she had a dream where somebody told her that that day would be special . so , she took the bus , like every morning , and she went to school . but that day was a little bit different: she had her maths exam . she had never passed an maths exam and she was really nervous . 
alice knew that is was going to be a very special day for her . she had a dream where somebody told her that that day would be special . so , she took the bus , like every morning , and she went to school . but that day was a little bit different: she had her maths exam . she had never passed a maths exam and she was really nervous . 
half an hour before the exam she went to the cafeteria to take a cup of tea . she sat down and what a surprise she found a lottery ticket . nobody was around her , so she took the ticket . drank her cup of tea and she went to the classroom where the exam took place . she did the exam really well , she was very surprised , and after the exam she went home . 
half an hour before the exam she went to the cafeteria to have a cup of tea . she sat down and , what a surprise , she found a lottery ticket . nobody was around her , so she took the ticket , drank her cup of tea and went to the classroom where the exam took place . she did really well in the exam , she was very surprised , and after the exam she went home . 
she spend the rest of the day listening to music while she was thinking about the lottery ticket and waiting for the tv show at 8 o'clock . at the time , she turned on the tv and while the lottery's man was shouting the winning numbers , she checked hers and what was the surprise that the last 4 numbers were the same ! ! she win 500 ! ! ! 
she spent the rest of the day listening to music while she was thinking about the lottery ticket and waiting for the tv show at 8 o'clock . at that time , she turned on the tv and while the lottery man was shouting out the winning numbers , she checked hers and what a surprise it was that the last 4 numbers were the same ! ! she won 500 ! ! ! 
dear mrs maria smith , 
dear mrs maria smith , 
i have just received a letter from you . i am really appreciate your interesting about our conference . 
i have just received a letter from you . i really appreciate your interest in our conference . 
firstly , the palace hotel is your accommodation which you have booked . this is very nice hotel and i am sure you will be very pleased with staying there . 
firstly , the palace hotel is your accommodation which you have booked . this is a very nice hotel and i am sure you will be very pleased about staying there . 
secondly , you will have no problems finding the conference . obviously , using a taxi is the best but unfortunately it is quite expensive for student . however , we have already prepared a mini-bus for you . the bus will be in front of your hotel at 1 p . m . and it will take you to the conference . 
secondly , you will have no problems finding the conference . obviously , using a taxi is the best but unfortunately it is quite expensive for a student . however , we have already arranged a mini-bus for you . the bus will be in front of your hotel at 1 p . m . and it will take you to the conference . 
thirdly , we will have the end-of-conference party at 6 p . m . you can have dinner with wine which is very famous in our area and also you can enjoy the semi-classical concert which we have prepared for 3 months . but i hope you will wear formal suit and dress . you will not be allowed to enter this party unless you wear casual clothes . lastly , you do not have any problem spending your extra time in cambridge because we have a lot of attraction . cambridge bus tour , for example , will be very nice time for you because it is the best and the easiest way of knowing cambridge . but if you do not like it , you can enjoy city centre by walking tour and then you can enjoy going punting which is the most pleasant attraction in cambridge . 
thirdly , we will have the end-of-conference party at 6 p . m . you can have dinner with wine which is very famous in our area and also you can enjoy the semi-classical concert which we have been preparing for 3 months . but i hope you will wear a formal suit and dress . you will not be allowed to enter this party unless you wear casual clothes . lastly , you will not have any problem spending your extra time in cambridge because we have a lot of attractions . cambridge bus tour , for example , will be very nice for you because it is the best and the easiest way of getting to know cambridge . but if you do not like it , you can enjoy the city centre with a walking tour and then you can enjoy going punting which is the most pleasant attraction in cambridge . 
i hope you will be happy with our conference and party and etc . we have prepared all of them for a long time . please oblige us with your attendance . if you want more information , please let me know . 
i hope you will be happy with our conference and party etc . we have been preparing all of them for a long time . please oblige us with your attendance . if you want more information , please let me know . 
your sincerely
your sincerely
dear mr or miss , 
dear mr or miss , 
welcome to my town and i am really appreciate your visiting . i would like you to visit 'coex' building which is located in samsung-dong south of seoul . 
welcome to my town and i really appreciate your visiting . i would like you to visit 'coex' building which is located in samsung-dong south of seoul . 
i will tell you some information about this building . this building consists of a world exposition centre , a multiplex cinema , a huge shopping mall , a huge food court and an aquarium . now there is holding 'the world software for linux' exposition in exposition centre . if you are interested in computer , it will give you big pleasant . for a multiplex cinema , it is the biggest cinema in asia and it has 18 screens . therefore you can enjoy all latest films there . 
i will tell you some information about this building . this building consists of a world exhibition centre , a multiplex cinema , a huge shopping mall , a huge food court and an aquarium . now is being held 'the world software for linux' exhibition the world software for linux exhibition is being held in the exhibition centre . if you are interested in computers , it will give you great pleasure . for a multiplex cinema , it is the biggest cinema in asia and it has 18 screens . therefore you can enjoy all the latest films there . 
if you want to buy something , specially clothes , shopping mall , which is called 'coex mall' , will be the best place: very cheap and lots of designed clothes . 
if you want to buy something , especially clothes , the shopping mall , which is called 'coex mall' , will be the best place: very cheap and lots of designer clothes . 
also , you'd better not miss the food court . it is providing all kinds of food . korean food , italian food . . . you can enjoy them all . lastly , i really want you to go to the aquarium . actually i have been there three times but i still want to go there again . i am sure you will like this very much . 
also , you'd better not miss the food court . it provides all kinds of food . korean food , italian food . . . you can enjoy them all . lastly , i really want you to go to the aquarium . actually i have been there three times but i still want to go there again . i am sure you will like this very much . 
i hope you will enjoy yourself in my town . i would be very happy if you could be satisfied with my recommendation . and if you need someone to guide you , please send me e-mail or give me a call . i look forward to hearing from you . 
i hope you will enjoy yourself in my town . i would be very happy if you could be satisfied with my recommendation . and if you need someone to guide you , please send me an e-mail or give me a call . i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours faithfully , 
yours faithfully , 
dear mrs maria smith , 
dear mrs maria smith , 
thank you for your letter . i am writing to give some information on the conference as you required . 
thank you for your letter . i am writing to give some information on the conference as you requested . 
first of all , your group has been booked into palace hotel which is very convenient to stay and has beautiful landscape . i would recommend you get to the conference by subway , because subway station is situated in 5 minutes' walk from the hotel . it will take you about 15 minutes to arrive at the college . 
first of all , your group has been booked into palace hotel which is very convenient to stay in and has a beautiful landscape . i would recommend you get to the conference by subway , because the subway station is situated 5 minutes' walk from the hotel . it will take you about 15 minutes to arrive at the college . 
there will be a party after the conference . we will serve you dinner and some college students are going to sing , play musical instruments and so on , but you can join if you wish . therefore , you had better wear casual and comfortable clothes . 
there will be a party after the conference . we will serve you dinner and some college students are going to sing , play musical instruments and so on , but you can join in if you wish . therefore , you had better wear casual and comfortable clothes . 
finally , this area has its reputation for shopping centres , so it might be a good idea to buy some clothes , local food , and so on . you will be able to buy them in reasonable price . 
finally , this area has its reputation for shopping centres , so it might be a good idea to buy some clothes , local food , and so on . you will be able to buy them at a reasonable price . 
i hope you will enjoy your stay in my country . i look forward to meeting all of you . 
i hope you will enjoy your stay in my country . i look forward to meeting all of you . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
amusement centre
amusement centre
introduction
introduction
the aim of this report is to give information on the amusement centre in seoul . it is based on my experience and on views expressed by local people who were interviewed . 
the aim of this report is to give information on the amusement centre in seoul . it is based on my experience and on views expressed by local people who were interviewed . 
facilities
facilities
it was found that the amusement centre is the most popular building in seoul to enjoy yourself . there is a wide range of facilities including theatres , game centres , korean restaurants . in particular , the people seemed to be satisfied with theatres , because the screen is massive . the korean restaurants appeared to be the most popular to foreigners . 
it was found that the amusement centre is the most popular building in seoul to enjoy yourself . there is a wide range of facilities including theatres , game centres , korean restaurants . in particular , people seemed to be satisfied with the theatres , because the screen is massive . the korean restaurants appeared to be the most popular with foreigners . 
things to buy
things to buy
it seemed you can buy everything you want in reasonable price in the building . especailly , korean souvenir shops were felt to be extremely cheap . however , you can buy luxurious things as well if you wish . 
it seems you can buy everything you want at a reasonable price in the building . especially in particular , korean souvenir shops were felt to be extremely cheap . however , you can buy luxurious things as well if you wish . 
conclusion
conclusion
in short , the amusement centre is fascinating place and it deserves a visit . i would highly recommend this building , because not only you can you can not only enjoy yourself but also experience korean culture which might be exotic to foreign visitors . 
in short , the amusement centre is a fascinating place and it deserves a visit . i would highly recommend this building , because you cannot only enjoy yourself but also experience korean culture which might be exotic to foreign visitors . 
dear mrs . smith
dear mrs . smith
thank you very much for your letter , which i received yesterday . i am sure , together we can spent a good student conference in my college . i will give you now some useful information . 
thank you very much for your letter which i received yesterday . i am sure that together we can spend a good student conference at my college . i will now give you some useful information . 
first of all , we come to some important points for the organisation . the group has been booked into a comfortabel and well situatet hotel , whose name is , , palace hotel " . the hotel is on the right hand side of the parker piece , which you can find on the map , which i will send you . the , , palace hotel " is 5 minutes walking from the station . the conference is situatet in the building opposite the bus stop . 
first of all , we come to some important points about the organisation . the group has been booked into a comfortable and well situated well-situated hotel , whose name is the " palace hotel " . the hotel is on the right-hand side of parker piece , which you can find on the map which i will send you . the " palace hotel " is 5 minutes' walk from the station . the conference is situated taking place in the building opposite the bus stop . 
after a short speech from our director , the evening entertainment will be begin . in a well know and enjoyable pub in the city centre we consume same food and drinks . furthermore there will be a very famous life band . you do not have to wear some speciall clothes . 
after a short speech from our director , the evening entertainment will begin . in a well-known and pleasant pub in the city centre we will consume have some food and drinks . also , there will be a very famous live band . you do not have to wear special formal clothes . 
you asked me for some suggestions for your free afternoon . naturally we have a lot of interesting things to visit but some thing specially is our cathedrale . the architecture bring you back into the old time . as well as the stained glass windows which are really amazing . we have also an interesting museum and a modern theatre . 
you asked me for some suggestions for your free afternoon . naturally we have a lot of interesting things to visit but something that is special is our cathedral . the architecture brings takes you back to the old times . as well as the stained glass windows which are really amazing . we also have an interesting museum and a modern theatre . 
finally , i am sure you and your group will spent some funny realaxing days . please do not hesitate to contact me for some more information . 
finally , i am sure you and your group will spend some enjoyable , relaxing days here . please do not hesitate to contact me for more information . 
i look forward to meeting each other soon . 
i look forward to meeting you soon . 
yours sincerely . 
yours sincerely . 
inventions have affected all our lives ! 
inventions have affected all our lives ! 
what is it what we use every day many hours ? sometime's early in the morning until late in the evening . yes it is the tv . it is well know in almost all family , often with a lot of different cannels . 
what is it that we use every day for many hours ? sometimes from early in the morning until late in the evening . yes , it is the tv . it is well known in almost all families , often with a lot of different channels . 
first of all , the tv can tell us news in a short time , what happened all over the world . another point in favour of the invention for the tv is , that they telling about interesting reports , for instance about animals or different culture from other countrys . furthermore they have a lot of different programme , usually something for everybody . it could be also relaxing to sit on the sofa after a busy day at work . finally , the tv is in my opinion very useful for getting important information , you can watching the weather and all of them were present in wonderful colour . 
first of all , the tv can bring us news in a short time , about what is happening all over the world . another point in favour of the invention of the tv is that it tells shows interesting reports , for instance about animals or the different culture of other countries . furthermore there are a lot of different programmes , usually something for everybody . it can also be relaxing to sit on the sofa after a busy day at work . finally , the tv is in my opinion very useful for getting important information , you can watch the weather and all of them were presented are presented in wonderful colour . 
to sum up , in my opinion the tv is a very good and useful invention . however , they send a lot of violence which is not good for the children . i can not imagine to live without televison , it is something what we need for our education , for getting news and other helpful information . 
to sum up , in my opinion the tv is a very good and useful invention . however , it sends shows a lot of violence which is not good for children . i cannot imagine living without television , it is something that we need for our education , and for getting news and other helpful information . 
dear mrs smith , 
dear mrs smith , 
thank you for your letter . surely i'll try to help you as good as i can . 
thank you for your letter . certainly i'll try to help you as well as i can . 
first , i tell you the name of the hotel , it's the palace hotel . fortunately , it is not far from our college . for getting from the hotel to the conference , you only have to take bus no . 7 and get off at st . james college , where the conference will take place . 
first , i can tell you the name of the hotel . it's the palace hotel . fortunately , it is not far from our college . for to get to get from the hotel to the conference , you only have to take bus no . 7 and get off at st . james college , where the conference will take place . 
about the end-of-conference party i can only say that a band will be playing the whole night , and a special guest i still don't know will be expected . i suggest to wear casual clothes , i think there's no need of school uniforms . 
about the end-of-conference party i can only say that a band will be playing the whole night , and a special guest , i still don't know who , will be expected . i suggest wearing casual clothes . i think there's no need for school uniforms . 
to answer your last question , i would propose you to attend the local zoo , because many baby animals were born in the past few days . 
to answer your last question , i would propose you attend the local zoo , because many baby animals have been born in the past few days . 
dear mrs smith , i hope the given information is useful for you . i'm looking forward to seeing you at the conference . 
dear mrs smith , i hope the information given is useful for you . i'm looking forward to seeing you at the conference . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
the telephone
the telephone
could you imagine there's no telephone ringing in an office ? or to live your live without chatting for hours with your best friend ? could you ? i can't ! 
could you imagine no telephone ringing in the office ? or living your life without chatting for hours with your best friend ? could you ? i couldn't ! 
the telephone was invented by alexander graham bell in the end of the 19th century . it was an invention nobody thought how important and how widespread it would be in future . nowadays almost every household in the western world owns a telephone , and calling to relatives or friends spread all over the world is no strange thing . people need the telephone not only for chatting , but also for exchanging information in a very short and direct way with the possibility to answer immediately . 
the telephone was invented by alexander graham bell at the end of the 19th century . it was an invention nobody realized how important and how widespread it nobody realized how important and how widespread an invention it would be in the future . nowadays almost every household in the western world owns a telephone , and calling relatives or friends spread all over the world is no strange thing . people need the telephone not only for chatting , but also for exchanging information in a very quick and direct way with the possibility of getting an answer immediately . 
when i was a child , we had no telephone at home , and i always had to go to a phone box in the centre of our village . now i have my own flat , and the first piece of furniture i've bought was the telephone . i'll never take it away from my home . 
when i was a child , we had no telephone at home , and i always had to go to a phone box in the centre of our village . now i have my own flat , and the first piece of furniture i bought was the telephone . i'll never remove it from my home . 
dear mrs maria smith , 
dear mrs smith , 
i want to inform you that i had already talked to richard brown and he informed me about the conference . next week i will be start organising some events for this conference . 
i want to inform you that i have already talked to richard brown and he informed me about the conference . next week i will start organising some events for this conference . 
the event will organize at the palace hotel . the same hotel that will you stay . palace hotel is opposite the park ` clifton ' , which is near the college . we chose that hotel because is it near the college and we don't need to use a transport . because you know where is the college and you need to bring with me some things at the college to hotel i think that is better to come all the group in college and then we can go all together to the ` palace hotel ' . the conference start at 9:00 o'clock you need to be at the college half an hour before . 
the events will take place at the palace hotel , the same hotel that you will stay you will be staying at . the palace hotel is opposite park clifton clifton park , which is near the college . we chose that hotel because it is near the college and we don't need transport . because you know where the college is and you need to bring some things from the college to the hotel , i think that it is better for all the group to come to the college and then we can all go together to the palace hotel . the conference starts at 9:00 o'clock , you need to be at the college half an hour before . 
concerning the end-of-conference i'm thinking about some dance and singing events . tell me your idea . about the clothes that we need to wear , must be uniform , because is the best conference to london and every year are coming lectures from other colleges . 
concerning the end-of-conference party , i'm thinking about some dance and singing events . let me know what you think . about the clothes that you need to wear , it must be your uniform , because it is the best conference in london and every year are come lecturers lecturers come from other colleges . 
finally on the last day we have organised a seeing-crossing around london . you will have the opportunity visiting some museums and zoo parks . i think it is a nice idea . 
finally , on the last day , we have organised a sightseeing tour around london . you will have the opportunity of visiting some museums and the zoo . i think it is a nice idea . 
if you want more information you can call me my telephone number is 047*** . please if you have more ideas send me a letter . 
if you want more information you can call me , my telephone number is 047*** . please , if you have any more ideas , send me a letter . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
nowdays all the people have a telephone . telephone is part of our life . it is one of the most important investigation all over the world . 
nowadays everyone has a telephone . the telephone is part of our life . it is one of the most important investigations inventions all over the world . 
telephone is type of communication . if you want to talk with your friends , parents , partner or to ask something , you can call them without wondering how can be communicate with them . especial if some of your relatives or friends are living in other country you can communicate with them and everyday and you don't feel that they are far a way from you . 
the telephone is a means of communication . if you want to talk to your friends , parents , or partner to ask something , you can call them without wondering how you can communicate with them . especially if some of your relatives or friends live in another country you can communicate with them every day and you don't feel that they are far away from you . 
today with the development of technology has been improved and the abilities of the telephone . they are telephones that you have the opportunity to talk with more than one people at the line . also you can leave a message if you call and can't find someone . the last type of telephone , is the mobile phone . you can use it everywhere and at anytime . 
today , with the development of technology , have been improved and the capabilities of the telephone the capabilities of the telephone have been improved . there are telephones that you give give you the opportunity to talk with more than one person on the line . also you can leave a message if you call and can't reach someone . the latest type of telephone is the mobile phone . you can use it everywhere and anytime . 
finally telephone except|apart from type of communication , is type and socialisation . nowadays who are so bussy and we don't have free time to see our friends , we can call them and talk or chat with them . especial the young people are using many hours the telephone and that is trouble for their parents . 
finally , the telephone , except|apart from being a means of communication , is a means of socialisation . nowadays we are very busy and we don't have free time to see our friends , but we can call them and talk or chat with them . especially young people young people especially are spending spend many hours on the telephone and that causes trouble for their parents . 
telephone is very important investigation if we can use it correct without use it as type of entertaiment as they are doing nowadys many people . 
the telephone is a very important invention if we can use it correctly without using it as a type of entertainment as do nowadays many people many people do nowadays . 
dear mrs smith
dear mrs smith
i have received your letter , which was about that you would like me to inform you . 
i have received your letter , which was about that you would like me to inform you . 
as you know , a hotel whose name is palace hotel has been booked for your group . the best way to get from there to the conference is to take a taxi . i am afraid there are no buses to get there . 
as you know , a hotel called the palace hotel has been booked for your group . the best way to get from there to the conference is to take a taxi . i am afraid there are no buses to get there . 
we will have a great party at the end of the conference . the party will be formal , therefore you have to wear formal clothes like a suit or a dress . as you know , it is not suitable to wear a jean or something . 
we will have a great party at the end of the conference . the party will be formal , therefore you will have to wear formal clothes like a suit or a dress . as you know , it is not suitable to wear jeans or something similar . 
on your last day you have an afternoon free . in my area there is a fantastic park , which is the most famous park in the country . you can find a lot of things to do or to see . you can visit the zoo or walk around the amazing lake in the park . 
on your last day you have the afternoon free . in my area there is a fantastic park , which is the most famous park in the country . you can find a lot of things to do or to see . you can visit the zoo or walk around the amazing lake in the park . 
i hope you will find all the details , which you would like to have in the letter . if you need any information , please let me know . 
i hope you will find all the details which you would like to have in the letter . if you need any more information , please let me know . 
your sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
power of computurs . 
the power of computurs . 
how much can a computer affect your life ? i think it effects more than you think . 
how much can a computer affect your life ? i think it affects you more than you think . 
when i was a child i always wanted to get the lyrics of the songs that i liked , but it was nearly impossible to have them . i felt lack of them . i first bought a computer as i was in university . it was so necessary for me because i wanted to be a computer programmer . that time i met the magic world of computers . linking to the internet was so popular . internet was something amazing for me . can you think you have every information you need whenever you want ? can you think you contact with anyone who is from any country whenever you want ? 
when i was a child i always wanted to get the lyrics of the songs that i liked , but it was nearly impossible to have them . i felt the lack of them . i first bought a computer when i was in university . it was very necessary for me because i wanted to be a computer programmer . at that time i entered the magic world of computers . linking to the internet was so popular . the internet was something amazing for me . can you imagine you have every piece of information you need whenever you want it ? can you imagine you can contact anyone who is from any country whenever you want to ? 
i meet a lot of people on internet and it really interest me . i learn a lot about their culture by speaking them on internet . i wasn't able to imagine this before . in addition this , today companies can do nothing without a computer . everything in this world works with computers from now on . 
i meet a lot of people on the internet and it really interests me . i learn a lot about their culture by speaking to them on the internet . i wasn't able to imagine this before . in addition to this , today companies can do nothing without a computer . everything in this world will work with computers from now on . 
computers changed my life style , my opinion about the world . and they effect everyone's life directly or indirectly . 
computers have changed my lifestyle , my opinions about the world . and they affect everyone's life directly or indirectly . 
dear mrs m . smith , 
dear mrs m . smith , 
i am writing in order to reply to your letter and to give you all the information that you requested . 
i am writing in order to reply to your letter and to give you all the information that you requested . 
first of all the hotel is the palace hotel , 82 regent street , so that it is very easy to reach the conference . in fact you can take the bus number 3 ; as you can see , the bus stop is just in front of the hotel , then you can get off immediately after the church that you pass , on your right hand . 
first of all the hotel is the palace hotel , 82 regent street , so it is very easy to reach the conference . in fact you can take the number 3 bus ; as you can see , the bus stop is just in front of the hotel , then you can get off immediately after the church that you pass , on your right . 
secondly , we will have the party in the hotel at 8 . 00 o'clock and a buffet will be served at 8 . 30 p . m . it would be also possible to get some vegetarian food and drink cocktails free of charge . i would recommend your students to bring their identity card to prove their age . what is more , i would suggest to wear very smart dress and for men it is oblidged the tie . 
secondly , we will have the party in the hotel at 8 . 00 o'clock and a buffet will be served at 8 . 30 p . m . it will also be possible to get some vegetarian food and drink cocktails free of charge . i would recommend your students bring their identity cards to prove their age . what is more , i would suggest wearing very smart clothes and for men it is obliged obligatory a tie a tie is obligatory . 
finally , if i were you i would go shopping to the city centre to spend your last hours . however , if you re interested in archeology you should vitis the history museum in garden square . 
finally , if i were you i would go shopping in the city centre in your last hours . however , if you're interested in archaeology archaeology you should visit the history museum in garden square . 
i hope you will find my letter of interest and i look forward to seeing you . 
i hope you will find my letter of interest and i look forward to seeing you . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
have you ever thought to live without your car ? 
have you ever thought of living without your car ? 
how can you manage your daily life without it ? 
how can you manage your daily life without it ? 
i the last fourty years people seem to be completely addicted by using their own car . it is said that the majority of the citizens has got a car and unfortunately this is the reason why cities are getting more polluted . 
in the last forty years people seem to have become completely addicted to using their car . it is said that the majority of citizens have got a car and unfortunately this is the reason why cities are becoming more polluted . 
on the other hand , this kind of facility has made our life more comfortable and easy . in fact we can go everywhere sitting either with friends or with our family and carring lugguage and shopping bags . cars are able to cover not only short distance but also can be used for long journey . for example , in the past it would had been extremely exhausting travelling riding a hourse but nowadays we have lots of big and spacious cars and a wide range of optionals to choose with . 
on the other hand , this kind of facility has made our life more comfortable and easier . in fact we can go everywhere sitting either with friends or with our family and carrying our luggage and shopping bags . cars are able to cover not only short distance but also can be used for long journeys . for example , in the past it would had been extremely exhausting to travel on a horse but nowadays we have lots of big and spacious cars and a wide range of options to choose from . 
however , i have to say that it has made people be lazy and at the same time stressed due to the traffic . on the other hand one of the main advantages is that we can save time and money as cars have long last and allowe us travelling quickly . 
however , i have to say that it has made people lazy and at the same time stressed due to the traffic . on the other hand one of the main advantages is that we can save time and money as cars have long last and allow us to travel to get about quickly . 
that's why i couldn't image my life without it . 
that's why i couldn't imagine my life without one . 
dear mrs maria smith , 
dear mrs maria smith , 
thank you for your letter which i received last week . 
thank you for your letter which i received last week . 
if student is ill , we will return the money but you should tell us untill one week before we start . and you are staying the palace hotel , which is located in town centre . you can take buses or our school buses . it costs forty pence . if you take public buses , it costs more expensive than school bus . 
if a student is ill , we will return the money but you should tell us one week before we start . and you are staying at the palace hotel , which is located in the town centre . you can take buses or our school buses . it costs forty pence . if you take public buses , it costs more than the school bus . 
the end-of-conference party is going to start from seven o'clock . one of our teacher , who will be voted by student is making speech for one hour . after , student is making speech about what he or she have learned . and diner . in my opinion , you should wear normal cloth . i would like to suggest that you should visit building of sixty two which is consisted on sixty second floor . there are eye-max cinema , museums , garelty . this is very famous in our city . 
the end-of-conference party is going to start from seven o'clock . one of our teachers , who will be elected by students will make a speech for one hour . after , a student will make a speech about what he or she has learned , and dinner . in my opinion , you should wear normal clothes . i would like to suggest that you should visit building sixty two which is on the sixty second floor . there are eye-max cinema , museums , a gallery . this is very famous in our city . 
i hope that my advice will help you . 
i hope that my advice will help you . 
i look forward to hearing soon from you . 
i look forward to hearing from you soon . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
pusan castle
pusan castle
pusan castle is locted in south of pusan . this is the biggest and oldest in pusan . there are exhibited historcall things , picthurs and clothes . it was built four hundread ago . when you go up to the top of castle you can see the whole town . and there are very big park in the castle . pusan castle show about korea history from when one of our king made our country . etc . and there are a lot of facilities in pusan castle . restuarant . shop specially for group . they can be given discount . what is more , every places is explained by english . so you do not need pamplat , but , the entrance fee is a little expensive . it cost ten pounds . fortunately if somebody visit castle over ten people , they give them discount . 
pusan castle is located in the south of pusan . this is the biggest and oldest in pusan . there are exhibited historical things , pictures and clothes historical things , pictures and clothes are exhibited there . it was built four hundred years ago . when you go up to the top of the castle , you can see the whole town , and there is a very big park in the castle . pusan castle shows korean history from when one of our kings made our country . etc . and there are a lot of facilities in pusan castle . a restaurant . a shop specially for groups . they can be given a discount . what is more , every place is explained in english . so you do not need pamplat , but , the entrance fee is a little expensive . it costs ten pounds . fortunately if visit the castle over ten people over ten people visit the castle , they give them a discount . 
dear mrs maria smith
dear mrs smith
with reference to your letter which i recived yesterday , i would like to give you some details about the international student conference , also the acomodation and activities that are planed during this week . 
with reference to your letter which i received yesterday , i would like to give you some details about the international student conference , also the accommodation and activities that are planned during this week . 
the hotel that is booked for the students it is one of the beast in the area , it has great facilities and it is situated near to the place where the conference is going to be . the best way to get there from the hotel is by bus and it is already booked for the next day you arrive , at 8:30 am . 
the hotel that is booked for the students is one of the best in the area , it has very good facilities and it is situated near to the place where the conference is going to be . the best way to get there from the hotel is by bus and it is already booked for the day after you arrive , at 8:30 am . 
about the party which is just at the end of the conference , a good it would be a dance party and the students don't really need to wear special clothes , it's just to have a little dance and meet all the students , after the party there is a small trip to the old part of the city and i think it would be a good choice to spend the last three hours that you have left before go back . 
about the party which is just at the end of the conference , a good it would be a dance party and the students don't really need to wear special clothes , it's just to have a little dance and meet all the students . after the party , there is a small trip to the old part of the city and i think it would be a good choice for spending the last three hours that you have left before going back . 
i hope this letter aswer all your questions , if you whant to know more about it just give me a call or send me a letter . 
i hope this letter answer answers all your questions , if you want to know more about it just give me a call or send me a letter . 
your sincerely
yours yours sincerely
the aim of this report is to give some information about the new acapulco resart buildings which was build 10 years ago and it is one of the first buildings that was build with the latest tecnonology and made by a important mexican arquitector . 
the aim of this report is to give some information about the new acapulco resort buildings which were built 10 years ago they are some . they are some of the first buildings that were built with the latest technology and designed by an important mexican architect . 
in addition the resort has an interesting history background about arquitectory and the best facilities and activities that you could have in mexico for example , it provides differents kinds of tours around mexico . on the contrary it is far away from the city and it has difficult transport facilities . 
in addition , the resort has an interesting history historical background concerning the architecture and the best facilities and activities that you could have in mexico , for example , it provides different kinds of tours around mexico . on the other hand it is far away from the city and it has difficult transport facilities . 
in spite of the disadvantages , i would strongly recomended to students and public to visit the new acapulco resort buildings . and have a great experience knowing about buildings history and at the same time traveling around mexico . 
in spite of the disadvantages , i would strongly recommended recommend students and the public to visit the new acapulco resort buildings and have a great experience learning about the buildings' history and at the same time travelling around mexico . 
dear mrs maria smith , 
dear mrs maria smith , 
i am afraid to hear that mr. brown is ill i hope it won't be grave . however , i will be glad to give you as much information as you need and i hope you will find it helpful . 
i am sorry to hear that mr. brown is ill . i hope it isn't serious . however , i will be glad to give you as much information as you need and i hope you will find it helpful . 
the name of the hotel in which the group is going to stay in is palace hotel , to get there you must go to the centre of town , all buses are going there , once you are in the centre palace hotel is right in front of the tourism information office . 
the name of the hotel in which the group is going to stay is the palace hotel . to get there you must go to the centre of town . all the buses go there . once you are in the centre , the palace hotel is right in front of the tourism information office . 
for the end-of-conference party we have booked one of the halls of the hotel and they will provide us life music and cattering . due the hotel is such an elegant place i would suggest to dress up in night clothes . 
for the end-of-conference party we have booked one of the halls of the hotel and they will provide us with live music and catering . due the hotel being such an elegant place i would suggest dressing up in evening dress . 
finally , to fill your free afternoon i would hardly recomend to visit the cathedral and have a walk arround the old part of the city , if you like it will be my pleasure to show you the souroundings . 
finally , to fill your free afternoon i would definitely recommend visiting the cathedral and having a walk around the old part of the city . if you want , it will be my pleasure to show you the surroundings area . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
chairs are not only part of the forniture , they are also objects of decoration and you can even find some in museums as art symbols . 
chairs are not only part of the furniture , they are also objects of decoration and you can even find some in museums where they are art objects . 
who could have invented such a useful item ? in fact , nobody has got this clue , but it must have been the most clever person on earth ! 
who could have invented such a useful item ? in fact , nobody has got an idea , but it must have been the most clever person on earth ! 
the world is packed with so many tipes of chairs , from the common woden ones to the most sophisticate and comfortables others finding a baste range of prices . 
the world is packed with so many types of chairs , from the common wooden ones to the most sophisticated and comfortable others finding a basic range of prices . 
from my point of view the chair is without a doubt the most usefull gadget ever invented . some people use them in their work , others are wishing to get one by the end of the day and for some other people a while chair represents the possibility of mouvement . although is worth to say that not everybody can chose his ideal chair there is a special one for each of us . 
from my point of view the chair is without a doubt the most useful gadget ever invented . some people use them in their work , others wish to sit in one by the end of the day and for some other people a wheel chair wheelchair represents the possibility of movement . although it is worth saying that not everybody can choose his ideal chair there is a special one for each of us . 
dear mrs smith , 
dear mrs smith , 
thank you for your letter . i am glad to help you for the organisation of the conference . 
thank you for your letter . i am glad to help you with the organisation of the conference . 
i phoned to the tourist information last week and i got some information about the accomodation of the students . 
i phoned the tourist information office last week and i got some information about the accommodation for the students . 
i think we should book at the palace hotel . it is an outstanding building situated in the city centre . 
i think we should book the palace hotel . it is an outstanding building situated in the city centre . 
the hotel is in a good position , 10 minutes walk from the conference and i think the best way to reach it is on foot . 
the hotel is in a good position , 10 minutes' walk from the conference , and i think the best way to reach it is on foot . 
i am sure the students will enjoy walking in the streets of the town . 
i am sure the students will enjoy walking in the streets of the town . 
the conference starts at 5 o'clock in the afternoon and finishes at 7 pm . 
the conference starts at 5 o'clock in the afternoon and finishes at 7 pm . 
i think they should wear smart dress , because there will be lots of interesting people and important meeting . 
i think they should wear smart clothes , because there will be lots of interesting people and it is an important meeting . 
in conclusion , for the last day , i thought it will be very interesting for the students to visit the town and appreciate its monuments and art . 
in conclusion , for the last day , i thought it would be very interesting for the students to visit the town and admire its monuments and art . 
on the other hand , if you prefer to have a relaxing day , you could have a pic-nic in the wonderful park . 
on the other hand , if you prefer to have a relaxing day , you could have a picnic in the wonderful park . 
i hope my suggestion and idea will help you to organise the meeting . 
i hope my suggestion and idea ideas will help you to organise the meeting . 
i look forward to receiving your confirmation . 
i look forward to receiving your confirmation . 
yours , 
yours , 
report:
report:
to: mr
to: mr
from:
from:
date: 21st june 2000
date: 21st june 2000
introduction:
introduction:
as requested , the aim of this report is to assess the suitbility for a group of american students for the visit at the etruscan museum . 
as requested , the aim of this report is to assess the suitability for a group of american students of the visit to the etruscan museum . 
general information:
general information:
the museum is situated in the centre of populoniou , the picturesque fishing village on the etruscan coast . populoniou is about 15 km . from piombino and it can be reached by well-organised means of transport . 
the museum is situated in the centre of populoniou , the picturesque fishing village on the etruscan coast . populoniou is about 15 km . from piombino and it can be reached by a well-organised means of transport . 
description:
description:
the etruscan museum is one of the most attractive building in my town . it contains lots of archeological etruscans founded and some remains about etruscans neoropolis . 
the etruscan museum is one of the most attractive buildings in my town . it contains lots of archaeological etruscans founded and some remains from the estruscans' necropolis . 
the entrance fee is 7 each student . 
the entrance fee is 7 for each student . 
positive aspects
positive aspects
1 . the museum is well-organised for tourists . there are some shops , caf and toilets . also there are some free handphones , that explain the history of the museum . 
1 . the museum is well organised for tourists . there are some shops , a caf and toilets . also there are some free headphones that explain the history of the museum . 
2 . after their visit into the museum , they could enjoy the superb view of the sea and the tuscan archipelago , and they could have a pic-nic on the beach . 
2 . after their visit to the museum , they could enjoy the superb view of the sea and the tuscan archipelago , and they could have a picnic on the beach . 
negative aspects
negative aspects
1 . the negative aspect of the museum is that is quite expensive for students . 
1 . the negative aspect of the museum is that it is quite expensive for students . 
conclusion:
conclusion:
although the entrance fee is quite expensive for a group of students , i strongly reccomend it for their excursion and their interests . 
although the entrance fee is quite expensive for a group of students , i strongly recommend it for their excursion and because of their interests . 
dear mrs maria smith , 
dear mrs smith , 
i am writing to give you some information asked in your letter , which i received this morning . 
i am writing to give you some information that you asked for in your letter , which i received this morning . 
your group has been booked in palace hotel which is one of the most comfortable hotels in london . personally , i am glad that you will have this opportunity to use its various facilities . it is based in the city centre and is about half an hour by underground from the conference . in my oppinion the easiest way to get there from the conference would be by taking the picadelly line . however you would take bus number 150 , if you would like to have a look at the city centre and you have some free time also . 
your group has been booked into the palace hotel which is one of the most comfortable hotels in london . personally , i am glad that you will have this opportunity to use its various facilities . it is located in the city centre and is about half an hour by underground from the conference . in my opinion the easiest way to get there from the conference would be by taking the picadelly line . however you could take bus number 150 , if you would like to have a look at the city centre and you also have some free time . 
regarding to the end-of-conference party , i would suggest to wear some dress for a woman and an elegant suit for a man , though , it is no formal do . the party will finish quite late so we've decided to provide a bus which would take you to the hotel safely . 
regarding the end-of-conference party , i would suggest wearing a dress for a woman and an elegant suit for a man , though it is not a formal do . the party will finish quite late , so we've decided to provide a bus which will take you to the hotel safely . 
basicaly , during three hour time in the afternoon nobody is able to visit all of interesting places of london . however you would have a long walk along the river to take some essential photos . 
basically , during three hours in the afternoon nobody is able to visit all of the interesting places in london . however , you could take a long walk along the river to take some essential photos . 
i look forward to welcoming you . 
i look forward to welcoming you . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
are you always happy when your telephon ring ? 
are you always happy when your telephone rings ? 
as far as i am concerned the telephone was invented in 19th century . it has been affecting our lifes very quickly , although there were some different ways of communication as tv , for instance . since the internet was introduced , many of us wouldn't have imagined the lifes without this . we were able even to have our own telephone kept in our pocket for a some time . 
as far as i know , the telephone was invented in the 19th century . it affected our lives very quickly , although there are some different means of communication such as tv , for instance . since the internet was introduced , many of us couldn't have imagined can't imagine lives life without it . we have even been able to have our own telephone kept in our pocket for some time . 
however , are you always happy when your personal phone rings . on the other hand i wonder whether you have experienced some situations when you wouldn't have your mobile switched on . 
however , are you always happy when your personal phone rings ? i wonder whether you have experienced some situations when you wouldn't have your mobile switched on . 
this invention has affected my life completely . since i have been traveling around the world i would have imagined beeing in tough with my family or friends without internet or my mobile phone . 
this invention has changed my life completely . since i have been travelling around the world , i would have imagined being in touch with my family or friends without the internet or my mobile phone . 
in spite of having the opportunity of keeping contact with friends at the time we are far away from home , we should have been knowledge how to use it without interrupting others . 
in spite of having the opportunity of keeping in contact with friends at times when we are far away from home , we should have knowledge know how to use it without disturbing others . 
dear maria:
dear maria:
thank you for your letter . i will be pleasure to help you . 
thank you for your letter . it will be pleasure to help you . 
the following are some information about the international student conference . 
the following is some information about the international student conference . 
the party will be take place in palace hotel . the hotel is very close town hall . from park square , just go straight . you can see the sign of hotel . 
the party will be in the palace hotel . the hotel is very close to the town hall . from park square , just go straight . you can see the sign for the hotel . 
this is a international student party , so i suggest you wear tradional clothes . it looks nice and have good meaning . 
this is an international student party , so i suggest you wear traditional costume . it looks nice and has good meaning . 
you can notice every students what they could make some tradional food to the party . after meal , you can play some games and prepare some gift to the winner . at the end of conference you can dance and singing together . 
you can inform all the students that they can take some traditional food to the party . after the meal , you can play some games and prepare a prize for the winner . at the end of the conference you can dance and sing together . 
there is my suggestion about this party . if you still have some problem , you can call me . 
these are my suggestions for this party . if you still have a problem , you can call me . 
love from , 
love from , 
report building of luton university 
report on the luton university building 
i heard that a group of america students has just arrived in our town . i want to introduce an interesting building for them to visit . 
i heard that a group of american students has just arrived in our town . i want to introduce an interesting building for them to visit . 
it is main building of luton university at park square . there is a academic building . it inculds labrary . ii suit , academic rooms a gym club and a restuarant . 
it is the main building of luton university in park square . it is an academic building . it includes a library , ii suit , academic rooms , a gym club and a restaurant . 
there is a very big labrary . you can find any information from it what you want . at the rest of time , you can go to it suit use internet . if you feel hungry , you don't need go out . just at the same building , you could find restuarant . 
there is a very big library . you can find any information from it that you want . for the rest of the time , you can go to the it suite to use the internet . if you feel hungry , you don't need to go out . just in the same building , you can find a restaurant . 
i recommen this buiding to visit . because american students will know british students is how to study and different campus life . they can also talk with british students to communiate study experience . 
i recommend this building to visit recommend visiting this building , because american students will know british students is how to study and different campus life . they can also talk with british students to communicate study experience . 
i think it will be interesting . for american students . 
i think it will be interesting for american students . 
dear mrs smith , 
dear mrs smith , 
i am writing with reference on your letter concerning an organization of an international student conference in wimbledon art college . below i am clarifying some information you asked about . 
i am writing with reference to your letter concerning the organization of an international student conference at wimbledon art college . below i clarify provide some information you asked about . 
first of all , i would like to give you more information about name and location of the hotel . the group has been booked into " maria luisa " hotel which is situated on the center of wimbledon called wimbledon village . this hotel is the next building after art college , so it will be easy for your group to find the place . 
first of all , i would like to give you more information about the name and location of the hotel . the group has been booked into the " maria luisa " hotel , which is situated in the centre of wimbledon called wimbledon village . this hotel is the next building after the art college , so it will be easy for your group to find the place . 
secondly turning to the end-of-conference party , it is planed to be in wimbledon common - nice piece of england nature . so , it may be a good idea to take some very comfortable and informal clothes . 
secondly turning to the end-of-conference party , it is planned meant to be on wimbledon common - a nice piece of english countryside . so , it may be a good idea to wear very comfortable and informal clothes . 
thirdly , talking about your free afternoon before leaving the area , i would suggest you to visit wimbledon museum of tennis . where is quite good exposition their , giving interesting information about the history of wimbledon tennis tournaments . 
thirdly , talking about your free afternoon before leaving the area , i would suggest you visit the wimbledon museum of tennis . there is quite a good exhibition there , giving interesting information about the history of wimbledon tennis tournaments . 
i look forward to meeting your group in our conference . 
i look forward to meeting your group at our conference . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
report . 
report . 
introduction:
introduction:
the purpose of this report is to give a brief discription of the academy of art in st . -petersburg . from my point of view this building is the best option to visit . 
the purpose of this report is to give a brief description of the academy of art in st petersburg . in my opinion this building is the best place to visit . 
location:
location:
this building is situated on the magnificent embankment of niva river with an exellent view on the hermitage museum . 
this building is situated on the magnificent bank of the niva river with an excellent view of the hermitage museum . 
history:
history:
the building was built by very famious russian architect and is a marvellouse example of russian classic architerture of xviiith century . 
the building was built by a very famous russian architect and is a marvellous example of russian classic architecture of the xviii century . 
facilities:
facilities:
in the academy of art you can find the oldiest art libarary with a wide range of books , the museum of russian art with a huge collection of painting , sculpture and architectural projects from early eighteenth to late twentieth centuries . it is also a good chance to be introduced with russian system of art education . 
in the academy of art you can find the oldest art library , with a wide range of books , and the museum of russian art , with a huge collection of paintings , sculpture and architectural projects from the early eighteenth to late twentieth centuries . it is also a good opportunity to be introduced to the russian system of art education . 
conclusion:
conclusion:
the building of academy of art in st . -petersburg is worth visiting and interesting as historical as educational aspects . 
the building of the academy of art in st petersburg is worth visiting and interesting because of its historic and educational aspects . 
dear mrs smith : 
dear mrs smith , 
i have received your letter which informs me you are now in charge of the group of students attending the international conference . 
i have received your letter which informs me you are now in charge of the group of students attending the international conference . 
it is my pleasure to help you with the information you need . 
it is my pleasure to help you with the information you need . 
your group has been booked into the palace hotel , located on the high street , opposite to the post office . 
your group has been booked into the palace hotel , located on the high street , opposite the post office . 
the conference will be hold in the royal hall , and the best way to get there from the hotel is by bus . take the 67 route and it will take you just in front of the royal hall . 
the conference will be held in the royal hall , and the best way to get there from the hotel is by bus . take the 67 route and it will take you just in front of the royal hall . 
the end-of-conference party will be hold in francescos restaurant , just by the royal hall . you should wear casual clothes . 
the end-of-conference party will be hold in francescos restaurant , just by the royal hall . you should wear casual clothes . 
about what you can do in the area for the free time you have , i would suggest you to visit the modern art museum which has now a new exhibition . another suggestion could be to visit the zoo , or just walk through the spring gardens which are beautiful in this time of the year . 
about what you can do in the area in the free time you have , i would suggest you visit the modern art museum which now has a new exhibition . another suggestion could be to visit the zoo , or just walk through spring gardens , which are beautiful at this time of the year . 
i hope all this information is helpful for you . 
i hope all this information is helpful for you . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
the telephone : a great invention . 
the telephone : a great invention . 
imagine your life without a telephone . yes , i know , it is just hard to imagine our lives without this invention . 
imagine your life without a telephone . yes , i know , it is very hard to imagine our lives without this invention . 
think about the people living in the time it was invented . must had been such a exciting thing being able to talk to someone living thousands of miles for . . . . . . . . and now for us is just as simple as dial a number and talk to whoever we want to . 
think about the people living at the time it was invented . it must have been such an exciting thing being able to talk to someone living thousands of miles away . . . . . . . . and now for us it is just as simple as dialling a number and talking to whoever we want to . 
of course is nice to have a phone conversation with friends or family , but the telephone is also very important for business and emergencies . 
of course it is nice to have a phone conversation with friends or family , but the telephone is also very important for business and emergencies . 
for example , i work for a bank , and we need to have weekly meetings with our director living 800 kilometers far , and he doesn't have to come here , we just have a phone conference where everybody can talks , and that is it ! 
for example , i work for a bank , and we need to have weekly meetings with our director living 800 kilometres away , and he doesn't have to come here , we just have a phone conference where everybody can talk , and that is it ! 
what about emergencies ? a phone call in time for an ambulance can save the life of many people having a heart attack . 
what about emergencies ? a phone call in time for an ambulance can save the lives of many people having a heart attack . 
we sometimes don't realize the importance of some inventions we use in our everyday life . 
we sometimes don't realize the importance of some inventions we use in our everyday life . 
but think . . . . , what would we do without them ! 
but think . . . . what would we do without them ! 
dear mrs maria . 
dear mrs maria , 
i am one of all students and i am going to give you an information , all you need . we have been booked the hotel for you and the name of hotel is " palace hotel " quite near shopping centre . it is not far aways , you just go along park road about ten minutes . then you will arrive at palace hotel on the left handside of you . 
i am one of the students and i am going to give you some information , all you need . we have booked the hotel for you and the name of the hotel is the " palace hotel " , it is quite near the shopping centre . it is not far away . you just go along park road for about ten minutes . then you will arrive at the palace hotel , which is on the left-hand side . 
about the end-of-conference party . we are going to have a dinner before the end and at the end we are going to bring you to the hotel , you need to wear a night-dress or suit and bow tie . 
regarding the end-of-conference party , we are going to have a dinner before the end and at the end we are going to take you to the hotel . you need to wear an evening dress or suit and bow tie . 
finally , on the last day you have three hours before you catch the plane so we suggestion , you can go to shopping centre and buy something for your special person or go to museam because this museam is the biggest in the world now it is up to you . 
finally , on the last day you have three hours before you catch the plane so we suggest you go to the shopping centre and buy something for your special person or go to the museum because this museum is the biggest in the world now . it is up to you . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
to group leader
to group leader
i am the student leader . we are greatful that your group has just arrived so i am going to give information about an interesting building to visit . we recommend you to go to bbc building . 
i am the student leader . we are grateful pleased that your group has arrived so i am going to give you information about an interesting building to visit . we recommend you go to the bbc building . 
first of all , about bbc building is the news building of england . on the ground floor , they have a video camera everywhere around the building and police officer walk around the building as well . up to the first floor , they have a huge radio room , for send and receipt the information all over the world because they have a small bbc building all over the world either ; for example , thailand , united state of america , indonisia and canada . 
first of all , the bbc building is the news building of england . on the ground floor , they have video cameras everywhere around the building and police officers walk around the building as well . on the first floor , they have a huge radio room , for sending and receive receiving information from all over the world , because they have small bbc buildings all over the world also ; for example , thailand , the united states of america , indonesia and canada . 
and the second floor is the news room where they get on-air to show on the t . v . that is not finish , i just give you some information but they have more interesting thing you do not know . 
and the second floor is the newsroom where they go on air on the t . v . that is not everything . i have just given you a little information but they have more interesting things you do not know about . 
i recommend you this building because this building is the main of london and this building is the second most beautiful building in london so that why i recommend you this building . 
i recommend this building because this building is the main of london and this building is the second most beautiful building in london so that is why i recommend this building . 
from student leader . 
from the student leader . 
dear mrs smith , 
dear mrs smith , 
thank you very much for your letter . i would be very pleased if i can help you answering all your enquiries . 
thank you very much for your letter . i will be very pleased if i can help you with all your enquiries . 
the hotel which your students' group has been booked into is the palace hotel . it is fairly easy to get there from the conference . i would suggested you to walk along new street , which is the one next to river , and in 10 minutes you will see the hotel in your right hand side . the hotel is just opposite to the city hospital . 
the hotel which your students' group has been booked into is the palace hotel . it is fairly easy to get there from the conference . i would suggest you walk along new street , which is the one next to the river , and in 10 minutes you will see the hotel on your right-hand side . the hotel is just opposite the city hospital . 
as you already possibly know , the end-of-conference party will take place at the main reception room at the same hotel . you should be there by 7 o'clock in the evening . answering your question , you should be fine wearing casual clothes . however , if you wish to dress smarter , there is no problem at all . 
as you possibly already know , the end-of-conference party will take place in the main reception room at the same hotel . you should be there by 7 o'clock in the evening . to answer your question , you should be fine wearing casual clothes . however , if you wish to dress smarter , there is no problem at all . 
with reference to the last afternoon , if i were you i would visit the city museum . there are many interesting works of art by famous painters of this country . if you have any time left you ought to go to the high street , where you could go shopping . 
with reference to the last afternoon , if i were you i would visit the city museum . there are many interesting works of art by famous painters of this country . if you have any time left you ought to go to the high street , where you could go shopping . 
please , do not hesitate to contact me at the above address if you need any further information . 
please , do not hesitate to contact me at the above address if you need any further information . 
i look forward to meeting you at the conference . 
i look forward to meeting you at the conference . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
inventions have affected all our lives ! 
inventions have affected all our lives ! 
the invention without no doubt , that has affected my own life by far is the car . cars have definitely changed all our lives , and i am not refering only in a positive way , but in a negative way as well . picture this: a big city such as london or new york with no cars on their streets . could you imagine it ? to be honest , i can't . cars are part of our daily lives . traffic jams make people nervous , sometimes really upset and violent . but , anyway , people use cars . 
the invention without any doubt without any doubt the invention that has affected my own life the most is the car . cars have definitely changed all our lives , and i am not referring only in a positive way , but in a negative way as well . picture this: a big city such as london or new york with no cars on their streets . can you imagine it ? to be honest , i can't . cars are part of our daily lives . traffic jams make people irritable , and sometimes really upset and violent . but people use cars , anyway . 
if we don't use them we suffer from them . in my case i use public transport during the week to go to work but i could hardly imagine my weekends without my beloved car . i really need it to escape from the pollution , mainly caused by cars and any other four-wheel motored vehicle . isn't that contradictorious ? to go to the countryside and being able to breath fresh , non-polluted air , i use my car , which , as far as i am concerned does not help to maintain a clean air at all . 
if we don't use them we suffer because of them . in my case i use public transport during the week to go to work but i could hardly imagine my weekends without my beloved car . i really need it to escape from the pollution , mainly caused by cars and other four-wheel motor vehicles . isn't that contradictory ironic ? to go to the countryside and be able to breathe fresh , unpolluted air , i use my car , which , in my opinion , does not help to maintain a clean atmosphere at all . 
therefore i am thinking in selling my car , which has changed my life over the last 10 years , which has given me a kind of freedom , which has gone with me to all sort of fantastic places , and change my life for a new life: whithout car . 
therefore i am thinking of selling my car , which has changed my life over the last 10 years , which has given me a kind of freedom , which has gone with me to all sorts of fantastic places , and changed my life for a new life: without a car . 
dear mrs smith . 
dear mrs smith . 
i am writing in response to your letter in order to give you some further information about the international student conference in our college . 
i am writing in response to your letter in order to give you some further information about the international student conference at our college . 
i would like to inform you that your group has been booked into palace hotel . it is situated in the center of our town and it takes five minutes to get to the college , where the conference is going to be held . i think that the best choise for you is to take the 234 bus . the bus stop you should get off is called " the green man " . 
i would like to inform you that your group has been booked into the palace hotel . it is situated in the centre of our town and it takes five minutes to get to the college , where the conference is going to be held . i think that the best choice for you is to take the 234 bus . the bus stop where you should get off is called " the green man " . 
with reference to the end-of-conference party , which is going to take place on tuesday from 8:00 until midnight , i would like to mention the necessary dress code . it is an evening dress for women and black trousers , a white shirt and a black bow tie for men . 
with reference to the end-of-conference party , which is going to take place on tuesday from 8:00 until midnight , i would like to mention the necessary dress code . it is evening dress for women and black trousers , a white shirt and a black bow tie for men . 
lastly , i would like to give you some suggestions about way in which you can spend your free time in our town . i am strongly convinced , that you should visit local science museum . also there is a very good shopping center next to the museum . 
lastly , i would like to give you some suggestions about ways in which you can spend your free time in our town . i am strongly convinced that you should visit the local science museum . also there is a very good shopping centre next to the museum . 
i look forward to seeing your at the conference and hope that you will have a good time in our town . 
i look forward to seeing you at the conference and hope that you will have a good time in our town . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
as it is widely known , lots of different and important things were invented during the 20th century , nevertheless i believe that the most important one is the computer . 
as is widely known , lots of different and important things were invented during the 20th century , nevertheless i believe that the most important one is the computer . 
it is a fact , that the modern society have created the demand for the ability to cope with the vast amounts of information . taking it into consideration i would like to say that the computer is the priceless invention for an accountants , designers , engineers and so on and on . another point in favour is the possibility to connect to the internet . it allows you to have all the necessary information " on your fingertips " . also not least importantly is the role of computers in the process of production in factories around the world . 
it is a fact that modern society has created the demand for an ability to cope with vast amounts of information . taking that into consideration i would like to say that the computer is a priceless invention for accountants , designers , engineers and so on . another point in their favour advantage is their ability to connect to the internet . it allows you to have all the necessary information " at your fingertips " . also not least importantly is the role of computers in the process of production in factories around the world . 
on the other hand there are some disadvantages . for instance a lot of children nowadays replace their real life with the virtual world , which computers create . another drawback is that in industry computers replace people's labour , which leads to the increasing of unemployment . 
on the other hand there are some disadvantages . for instance a lot of children nowadays replace their real life with a virtual world which computers create . another drawback is that in industry computers replace people's labour , which leads to increasing unemployment . 
to conclude i would like to say that the goverments of all developed countries wouldn't have been so concerned about so-called " problem 2000 " if the computer had not been so important for the modern society . 
to conclude i would like to say that the governments of all developed countries wouldn't have been so concerned about the so-called " problem 2000 " if the computer had not been so important for modern society . 
dear mrs smith . 
dear mrs smith , 
i have just received your letter . it was very sorry news to richard brown . i have given much information of the international student conference . 
i have just received your letter . it was very sad news about richard brown . i have given a lot of information about the international student conference . 
firstly , the conference will take place in the palace hotel and we get from our college to there by bus . number 45 bus runs to there every 5 minutes . it takes 25 minutes that is convenient to us . secondly , there are some programme that are very great . first time , the conference's head make a short speech and then we have dinner and drinks . finally we enjoy a disco party so you wear a suiteable dress . 
firstly , the conference will take place in the palace hotel and we get from our college to there by bus . number 45 bus goes there every 5 minutes . it takes 25 minutes , which is convenient for us . secondly , there are some items on the programme that are great . first of all , the conference's head makes a short speech and then we have dinner and drinks . finally we enjoy a disco party so you should wear a suitable dress . 
on the last day i go to your house and then we think about our's conference plane . 
on the last day i will go to your house and then we think about our's conference plane . 
i hope it will be a successful conference . 
i hope it will be a successful conference . 
see you soon . 
see you soon . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
alice knew that it was going to be a very special day for her . alice and jane came back her home . alice is jane's boy friend . in the morning they have met and then they went to beach . it was nice weather and beautiful time . in the evening they were going to the disco party that was jane's friend's birthday party . 
alice knew that it was going to be a very special day for her . alice and jane came back home . alice is jane's boyfriend . in the morning they met and then they went to the beach . it was nice weather and they had a beautiful time . in the evening they were going to the disco party that was jane's friend's birthday party . 
jane suddenly thought about her house key that left inside her house and alice could see the her house and he found the bathroom window was opening . so he crimbed on the radder up to the window and he opened the door but policemen came there " what happened ? " 
jane suddenly thought about her house key that she had left inside her house and alice could see her house and he found the bathroom window was open . so he climbed on the ladder up to the window and he opened the door but policemen came there " what happened ? " 
jane expained that situations and they under stood him . so they could go to the disco party . it was a very wonderful party and they have never forgot that day . it was a very very special day . 
jane explained that situation and they understood her . so they could go to the disco party . it was a very wonderful party and they have never forgotten that day . it was a very very special day . 
dear mrs maria smith : 
dear mrs smith , 
i am writting to give you the information that you asked me for . 
i am writing to give you the information that you asked me for . 
the group has been booked into the harris hotel . this hotel is very good placed . from there you can get a taxi , catch the buses seven and eleven , wich both have you very close to the conference place , and also you can go by underground to get there . 
the group has been booked into the harris hotel . this hotel is very well placed . from there you can get a taxi , catch the number seven and eleven buses , which both take you very close to the conference centre , and also you can go by underground to get there . 
the conference starts at 5:30 pm and it finishes at 8:00pm . then , after the conference , there will be a formal party at the group's hotel , wich starts at 9:00 pm and finishes at 12:00 am . this party is a formal one , so you should be casual dressed . 
the conference starts at 5:30 pm and it finishes at 8:00 pm . then , after the conference , there will be a formal party at the group's hotel , which starts at 9:00 pm and finishes at 12:00 midnight . this party is a formal one , so you should not be casually dressed . 
in this area you could visit the central park . it is very beautiful and a very good place to relax . another place that would be interesting to visit is the old cathedral of the city . 
in this area you can visit the central park . it is very beautiful and a very good place to relax . another place that would be interesting to visit is the old cathedral of the city . 
i hope these information could be useful for you . 
i hope this information would will be useful for you . 
yours sincerelly 
yours sincerely sincerely 
hampton court palace
hampton court palace
introduction:
introduction:
i have been asked for information on an interesting building to visit . i went to hampton court last year , and i think it is a great place to visit . 
i have been asked for information on an interesting building to visit . i went to hampton court last year , and i think it is a great place to visit . 
location:
location:
hampton court palace is localizated in hampton court . in addition to that , i think this town is wonderful and it has a magical beauty . 
hampton court palace is located in hampton court . i think this town is wonderful and it has a magical beauty . 
transport :
transport :
to get to hampton court palace , you need to take a train from waterloo train station . from there depart the trains to hampton court . moreover , i think by train is the best way to get there , because hampton court train station is very close to hampton court palace . 
to get to hampton court palace , you need to take a train from waterloo train station . from there , the trains to hampton court depart . moreover , i think going by train is the best way to get there , because hampton court train station is very close to hampton court palace . 
price:
price:
there is a great price for children , students , adults and families . they are between three and six pounds each . 
there is a great price for children , students , adults and families . tickets are between three and six pounds each . 
conclusion:
conclusion:
hampton court palace is a building with lots of history and interesting things to see . and also it would be an excellent chance for this group of american students to see it . 
hampton court palace is a building with lots of history and interesting things to see . and also this would be an excellent chance for this group of american students to see it . 
to: mrs . smith
to: mrs . smith
thank you for your letter , which arrived on second . june . i am very pleased to help to organize this conference in our college , which will hold at conference centre at bromley college starting on 20th june for 3 days . please find information your required as follows :
thank you for your letter , which arrived on the second of june . i am very pleased to help to organize this conference in our college , which will be held at the conference centre at bromley college starting on 20th june for 3 days . please find the information you requested as follows :
we have booked the hotel for the group . called " palace hotel " which is about 10 miles away from our college , the hotel will have a coach to pick the group up from the airport on 19th of june and then take the group to conference and return to hotel every day . 
we have booked the hotel for the group . it is the " palace hotel " , which is about 10 miles away from our college . the hotel will have a coach to pick the group up from the airport on the 19th of june and then take the group to the conference and return to the hotel every day . 
regarding to the end-of-conference party . we have planed a barbecue at 5 oo pm . on our most idyllic play field which is over looking the endless countryside and farms . at 7:00pm . we can move to our student hall to have a disc dance until 10:00pm . 
regarding the end-of-conference party , we have planned a barbecue for 5 oo pm on our most idyllic playing field , which is overlooking overlooks the endless countryside and farms . at 7:00pm we can move to our student hall to have a disco dance until 10:00pm . 
on the last day , we have arranged a small party in the hotel , then we all set up to have a sightseeing bromley town center for about two hours before you leave for airport . bromley town center is the most beautiful shopping centre in south east london . there are many historical buildings remain . i think the students will enjoy this sightseeing . 
for the last day , we have arranged a small party in the hotel . then we all set off to go on a sightseeing tour of bromley town centre for about two hours before you leave for the airport . bromley town centre is the most beautiful shopping centre in south east london . there are many historic buildings . i think the students will enjoy this sightseeing tour . 
if any further discussion , please let me know . 
if any further discussion , please let me know . 
yours . sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
how wonderful " light " 
how wonderful " light " 
we need light every day , not just night time . we need lamp light in offices or schools or some places during the day time . how is the wonderful life after invention the light . here we just talk about the light we invented apart from nature light . 
we need light every day , not just at nighttime . we need lamplight in offices and schools and other places during the daytime . how wonderful life is since the invention of electric light . here we are just talking about the light we invented apart from natural light . 
when i was small , we lived in country yard , i remembered , we used to have oil lamps which used a cotton string dipping in the oil in the small bottle and made it burned the tip of the cotton string to give us light during the night time , it was very little light on , and many things we couldn't do under the oil lamps because the light range was very small . there was no any light outside our house , no light on the road or field either . i was always very scared whenever or wherever . because most places . covered by dark , dark and dark . this scaring dark is still affecting my life now . i never stayed out after dark today except accompanying by my family . 
when i was small , we lived in country yard . i remember , we used to have oil lamps which used a cotton string dipping in the oil in the small bottle and made it burned the tip of the cotton string to give us light during the nighttime night . it gave very little light , and there were many things we couldn't do in the light from the oil lamps because the light range was very small . there was not any light outside our house , and no light on the road or field either . i was always very scared whenever or wherever i was , because most places covered by dark , dark and dark . this scary dark is still affecting my life now . i never stay out after dark today except accompanying by my family . 
what a biggest person on the earth , who invented the light , einstein was . he created another day time after sunset , people use it to do anything they want to do , we believe we can't live without light today , specially in city life , we have a long time to spend for the activities after sun going to bed . which we definately need light to keep on . i dare to say , without light , our life will go into a dark , dark hell . 
what a big person einstein was , who invented light . he created another daytime day after sunset . people use it to do anything they want to do . we believe we can't live without light today , especially in the city . we have a long time to spend on our activities after the sun goes to bed . we definitely need light to keep on . i dare say , without light , our life would go into a dark , dark hell . 
dear mrs smith , 
dear mrs smith , 
i am writting you to reply your question about the conference in london . thank you for your letter . i am very pleasant to know you decided to come to the " ii international conference of human rights " which will be celebrated in albert hall college next 25 of june . 
i am writing to you to answer your question about the conference in london . thank you for your letter . i am very pleased to know you decided to come to the " second international conference on human rights " which will be held at albert hall college on 25 june . 
i would like to inform you that the group you belong to , has been booked in palace hotel , in the center of london from the 24 june until 25 of june . the albert hall college , the building where will be taken part the conference is sited near green park avenue ; so , to get it from the palace hotel you can take the bus number 26 , otherwise , you can take the picadilly line from south kensigton station to green park station . it takes about 10 minutes . therefore , that's the faster way of transport you can choose . the conference will start at 9 am of 25 june and will finish about 6 pm in the same day . during the day is supposed having a break of half and hour at 12 p . m and finally , a party for all the people who will be there . that will be a smart party and because of this , it will be required a well-dressed and immaculate presence . ladies should wear an evening dress and gentlman a dark suit . 
i would like to inform you that the group you belong to has been booked into the palace hotel in the centre of london from the 24th of june until the 25th of june . the albert hall college , the building where will be held the conference the conference will be held is situated near green park avenue ; to . to get to it from the palace hotel , you can take the number 26 bus , otherwise , you can take the picadilly line from south kensigton station to green park station . it takes about 10 minutes , that's the fastest quickest means of transport you can choose . the conference will start at 9 am on 25 june and will finish about 6 pm on the same day . during the day you are supposed to have a break of half an hour at 12 p . m . noon and finally , there will be a party for all the people who will be there . that will be a formal party and because of this , you will be required to be smartly dressed . ladies should wear an evening dress and gentleman gentlemen a dark suit . 
as i can see from your letter , you will have about three hours before you catch your plane , so , i would suggest to visit the tate modern museum , where you will can find several interesting pictures such as dali's warhols . 
as i can see from your letter , you will have about three hours before you catch your plane , so , i would suggest you visit the tate modern museum , where you will find several interesting pictures such as dalis and warhols . 
if you need some more information or details about he conference , you can contact alexia on 0033*** phone . 
if you need some more information or details about the conference , you can contact alexia on 0033*** . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
introduction
introduction
the aim of this report is giving some suggestions to a group of american students who has just arrived in rome and want some information about an interesting building to visit . 
the aim of this report is to give some suggestions to a group of american students who have just arrived in rome and want some information about an interesting building to visit . 
rome is a big city where they can find several moments and important buildings , for this reason i would suggest them to visit 
rome is a big city where they can find several moments and important buildings , for this reason i would suggest they visit : 
1 ) " fontana di trevi " sited in trevis square in the center of rome . that's a small square where there is a fountain very big . it was built by canovas architect in 1638 . that is the fountain which " dolce vita " film was taken place . 
1 ) " fontana di trevi " sited in trevis square in the centre of rome . that's a small square where there is a very big fountain . it was built by the architect canovas in 1638 . that is the fountain in which the film " dolce vita " took place . 
2 ) for other hand , there is villa borghese building , that is a museum where they can find the most important sculptures and pictures of antonio canovas and , bernini , who stayed for a long time working in rome . 
2 ) on the other hand , there is the villa borghese building . that is a museum where they can find the most important sculptures and pictures of antonio canovas and , bernini , who lived for a long time in rome . 
conclusion
conclusion
i would recommend them the buildings because:
i would recommend to them these buildings because:
1 ) first of all , there are sited in the center of rome so , they can take a bus to get them move and around the city . 
1 ) first of all , they are located in the centre of rome so they can take a bus to get to them move and around the city . 
2 ) secondly , they can enjoy visiting museums , and afterwards they can take something to eat or to drink in the " pizzerias' and restaurants near these famous places . in conclusion , they could combine art , the history and the night visiting one only place without spend much money . 
2 ) secondly , they can enjoy visiting museums , and afterwards they can have something to eat or to drink in the " pizzerias' and restaurants near these famous places . in conclusion , they could combine art , history and nightlife by visiting only one place and without spending much money . 
dear marie , 
dear marie , 
i am sorry to hear that our friend mr brown is ill . as our conference is due to start next week i respond straight away . there are some informations you have asked me about . we booked rooms for your group at the palace hotel . that is the best option because it is placed less than 5 minutes walk from the conference center . 
i am sorry to hear that our friend mr brown is ill . as our conference is due to start next week i will respond straight away . there is some information you have asked me about . we booked rooms for your group at the palace hotel . that is the best option because it is situated less than 5 minutes' walk from the conference centre conference centre . 
when you live a hotel you have to turn right and you bloun the street . at the first traffic lights turn right again and you should see a big blue building . that's our conference center . at the hotel reception you will find printed information how to get over there . 
when you leave the hotel you have to turn right and you bloun the street . at the first traffic lights turn right again and you should see a big blue building . that's our conference centre conference centre . at the hotel reception you will find printed information about how to get there . 
as you know at the end-of-conference there is a party . party is due to start at 8 p . m until 3 a . m . there is 2hr break between end-of-conference and party . at this time you and your group can refresh yourself . i would like to mention that because our conference that is dress-code party . 
as you know at the end of conference end of the conference there is a party . the party is due to start at 8 p . m . and will last until 3 a . m . there is a 2hr break between the end of conference end of the conference and the party . at this time you and your group can refresh yourselves . i would like to mention that because our conference that is dress-code party . 
hope you will enjoy it . we prepared some special attraction like live dance music and hot or cold buffet . 
i hope you will enjoy it . we prepared some special attractions , like live dance music and a hot and cold buffet . 
about you're the last question i can sugest to visit the royal castle . that will give you and your guests an impression about our country and history . 
regarding your last question i can suggest visiting the royal castle . that will give you and your guests an impression about our country and history . 
your sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
in our town there is so many interesting places to see that there is hard to choose one . in my opinion the most interesting is the castle . it is placed on a hill so it is very easy to recognize when is it . 
in our town there are so many interesting places to see that it is hard to choose one . in my opinion the most interesting is the castle . it is situated on a hill so it is very easy to see where it is . 
just look up and you will see that huge building . 
just look up and you will see that huge building . 
actually it is a whole complex , the old and the new castle , cathedrall and the most interesting undergroud part with it's amazing crypts . 
actually it is a whole complex , the old and the new castle , the cathedral cathedral and the very interesting underground part with its amazing crypts . 
and if you climb on the top of the main tower - the keep you will see unforgetable view on a white toun . after that you can explore our great museum at the old castle . you will find there an amazing collection of old weapon , armores and , we are especially pround of it , the great collection of swords . 
and if you climb to the top of the main tower - the keep - you will see unforgettable views of a white town . after that you can explore our great museum at the old castle . you will find there an amazing collection of old weapons , armours armour and , we are especially proud of it , the great collection of swords . 
after that i am sure you will be happy to find a few restaurands located at the new castle . i am sure that should be enought for one day trip . for you information i can say that at this time we have five weeks festival and this night there will be a great display . that should complete that amazing day . 
after that i am sure you will be happy to find a few restaurants located at the new castle . i am sure that should be enough for a one-day trip . for your information i can say that at this time we have a five-week festival and that night there will be a great display . that should complete an amazing day . 
dear mrs smith , 
dear mrs smith , 
i am writing this letter in reply to your letter which arrived yesterday . i do welcome you and your group , and i am willing to help you by giving the informations that you have asked me . 
i am writing this letter in reply to your letter which arrived yesterday . i do welcome you and your group , and i am willing to help you by giving the information that you have asked me for . 
firstly , let me explain the way from the palace hotel , where your group will be staying , to the conference . the hotel is located in the centre of seoul , therefore there many ways to get to the conference . the easiest way to get there is to take the underground , which takes about 20 minutes . the map will be given to you on the day of your arrival . 
firstly , let me explain the route from the palace hotel , where your group will be staying , to the conference . the hotel is located in the centre of seoul , therefore there are many ways to get to the conference . the easiest way to get there is to take the underground , which takes about 20 minutes . the map will be given to you on the day of your arrival . 
secondly , the end-of-conference party will be held in the palace hotel's percel room and starts at 6 o'clock in the evening . professor kim from my college is going to give a speech , and after that dinner will be served . the party is not very formal , so you can wear any kind of dress , as long as it is suitable for dinner . 
secondly , the end-of-conference party will be held in the palace hotel's percel room and starts at 6 o'clock in the evening . professor kim from my college is going to give a speech , and after that dinner will be served . the party is not very formal , so you can wear any kind of dress , as long as it is suitable for dinner . 
finally , i would like you to recommend the visit to a traditional korean palace kyong bok for the last day's free time . it must be a very interesting visit for the students who has never experienced an oriental atmosphere . it is just 5 minutes walk from the hotel , and in front of the hotel gate , an airport bus will be waiting for you to take you to the airport after finishing the outing . 
finally , i would like to recommend the visit to a traditional korean palace kyong bok for the last day's free time . it must be a very interesting visit for the students who have never experienced an oriental atmosphere . it is just 5 minutes walk from the hotel , and in front of the hotel gate , an airport bus will be waiting for you to take you to the airport after finishing the outing . 
i hope you will enjoy your stay in korea , and do not hesitate to contact me for any further information . 
i hope you will enjoy your stay in korea , and do not hesitate to contact me for any further information . 
i look forward to seeing you soon , 
i look forward to seeing you soon , 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
. report on kyoung bok palace - the glory of chosun kingdom . 
. report on kyoung bok palace - the glory of chosun kingdom . 
. introduction . 
. introduction . 
this report provides the information about kyong bok palace , which is highly recommended to visit for visitors from foreign countries . it highlights the background history and considers the interest of young peoples , and makes a final recommendation . 
this report provides the information about kyong bok palace , which is highly recommended for visitors from foreign countries to visit . it highlights the background history and considers the interest of young people , and makes a final recommendation . 
. history . 
. history . 
the kingdom chosun has a history for 500 years and lasted until the beginning of 20th century . kyong bok palace was the main residence of the royal family , so you will be able to imagine its size . 
the kingdom chosun has a history of 500 years and lasted until the beginning of the 20th century . kyong bok palace was the main residence of the royal family , so you will be able to imagine its size . 
as the kings of chosun loved to be a part of the nature , the palace had a huge garden , however it was destroyed by the army of japan , and now there remains only a part of the original palace . there is a special monument for the last queen of chosun who was killed by the japanese army . 
as the kings of chosun loved to be a part of nature , the palace had a huge garden , however it was destroyed by the japanese army , and now there remains only a part of the original palace . there is a special monument to the last queen of chosun who was killed by the japanese army . 
. activity . 
. activity . 
the reason that this palace is also popular for the youngsters , who tends to dislike the historical visit , would be the various activity . you can try the traditional games of korea and there is a chance to wear the traditional clothes of the royals . also there are performances which helds daily in the front gate of the palace . 
the reason that this palace is also popular for the youngsters , who tend to dislike historical visits , would be the various activities . you can try the traditional games of korea and there is a chance to wear the traditional clothes of the royals . also there are performances which are held daily at the front gate of the palace . 
. final recommendation . 
. final recommendation . 
it is out of question not to visit kyong bok palace unless you do not want to know about korean history . you will find many interesting points there , therefore , i urge you to visit the place , if you want to experience the tradition of korea . 
it is out of the question not to visit kyong bok palace unless you do not want to know about korean history . you will find many interesting points there , therefore , i urge you to visit the place , if you want to experience the tradition of korea . 
dear mrs smith , 
dear mrs smith , 
i am writing in response to your letter where you asked me to give you more information about international student conference and give some ideas and suggestions of what you and your students can do during your free time here . 
i am writing in response to your letter where you asked me to give you more information about the international student conference and give some ideas and suggestions about what you and your students can do during your free time here . 
the group has been booked into the palace hotel which is located in the central area of the city , so it will not take you and your students too much time to get to the town hall where the conference is supposed to be progressed . the easiest way to get there from your hotel is to take buses 461 or 176 ( the bus stop is opposite to the hotel ) or we can hire a minibus for you but there is an extra charge for it . 
the group has been booked into the palace hotel , which is located in the central area of the city , so it will not take you and your students too much time to get to the town hall where the conference is supposed to be held . the easiest way to get there from your hotel is to take bus 461 or 176 ( the bus stop is opposite the hotel ) or we can hire a minibus for you but there is an extra charge for it . 
there is a party on the last day of the conference . special awards will be given to the students whose reports are the best . less of the party is likely to be as our night club so a lots of music , dancing and fun are provided . please note that the alchocholich drinks are only sold untill 11pm . you can wear whatever you like for this kind of party . 
there is a party on the last day of the conference . special awards will be given to the students whose reports are the best . less of the party is likely to be as our nightclub so a lot of music , dancing and fun are provided . please note that alcoholic drinks are only sold until 11pm . you can wear whatever you like for this kind of party . 
coming back to ideas and suggestions i'v promised to give you about free afternoon befor you catch your plane i can advise you to visit our zoo or to for a picnik in a park befor you will go to the night party . 
coming back to ideas and suggestions , i've promised to give you a free afternoon before you catch your plane . i would advise you to visit our zoo or to go for a picnic in a park before you go to the party . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
can you see how many inventions you are surrounded with in your life ? such a simple and usuall things like a telefone , a car , a computer so only seem to be normal and usuall for us ( or we have got used ) as we use them every day . hundred years before people couldn't even use an electric lump not saying about a car or computer . they have intentions improved our life a lot since they had appeared , but not every one beleives it is really so . 
can you see how many inventions you are surrounded with in your life ? such simple and usual everyday things like a telephone , a car , a computer only seem to be normal and usual everyday for us as we use them every day . a hundred years ago people couldn't even use an electric lamp , to say nothing of a car or computer . these inventions have improved our life a lot since they appeared , but not everyone believes it is really so . 
some people say that many of important inventions in our live are not so good and useful as we have got used to see them . first of all they say about enviroment pollution which cars and other vechicles make , overspending the electricity using electric equipment and some others . but to my opinion if peoples inventions take a place in our lifes they are right then . i think the telefone is the most important thing in many people's lifes as it makes you to be able to get in touch with anyone doesn't matter wherever you are ( i am talking about mobile phones which now have a majority of our choice ) . computers make everything much faster so everything is now based on computer systems . an electric lamp was an important invention hundred years before ( but for that time it was like a revolution ) . i think it wouldn't be possible to survive for us without an eclectric life . because of shipbuilding development people could make all the geographical discoveries , and an automobile transport is undenyable neccecerity in our life . 
some people say that many important inventions in our life are not so good and useful as we have got used to think thinking them . first of all they talk about the environment environmental pollution which cars and other vehicles create , overspending the electricity using electric equipment and some other problems . but in my opinion if people's inventions have a place in our lives they are right then . i think the telephone is the most important thing in many people's lives as it allows you to get in touch with anyone and it doesn't matter where you are ( i am talking about mobile phones , which a majority now have through choice ) . computers make everything much faster so everything is now based on computer systems . the electric lamp was an important invention a hundred years ago ( at that time it was like a revolution ) . i think it wouldn't be possible for us to survive without electric light . because of shipbuilding developments people were able to make all those geographical discoveries , and automobile transport is an undeniable necessity in our life . 
in case of all said i am more likely to think that the benefits of advantages of peopel's inventions are much higre the all their disadvantages . 
because of everything i have said i am more likely to think that the benefits of people's inventions are much higher greater than all their disadvantages . 
dear mrs smith , 
dear mrs smith , 
i have just read your letter and i am happy to help with giving you some further information . 
i have just read your letter and i am happy to help by giving you some further information . 
according to your first question , for the time of conference the students will be staying at the palace hotel , where the reservation has been already made . it is situated near to our college , about five minutes walk from the nearest tube station , which is south wimbledon . 
in reply to your first question , for the time of the conference the students will be staying at the palace hotel , where the reservation has already been made . it is situated near to our college , about five minutes' walk from the nearest tube station , which is south wimbledon . 
as you were informed , there will be a party for all attendants of the conference , which will take place afterwards at the hotel restaurant . minding the fact that it will be entirely sociable meeting i believe that casual clothes are the most suitable option for this event . 
as you were informed , there will be a party for all participants of the conference , which will take place afterwards in the hotel restaurant . bearing in mind the fact that it will be a purely social occasion , i believe that casual clothes are the most suitable option for this event . 
finally , answering your last question about student's day-out , i suggest visiting a local lawn tennis museums and wimbledon tennis courts as it is one of the best international tourists attractions . 
finally , to answer your last question about the students' day out , i suggest visiting the local lawn tennis museums and the wimbledon tennis courts as they are one of the best international tourist attractions . 
if you have any further questione , please do not hesitate to contact me . i look forward to seeing you . 
if you have any further questions , please do not hesitate to contact me . i look forward to seeing you . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
to: leader of the group of american students
to: leader of the group of american students
from:
from:
date: 12 . 06 . 2001 . 
date: 12 . 06 . 2001 . 
subject: recomnendations of a place to visit
subject: recommendations for a place to visit
introduction:
introduction:
the aim of this report is to give description and recommendation of the most interesting building in the town . 
the aim of this report is to give a description and make a recommendation concerning the most interesting building in the town . 
general information:
general information:
the place i would like to recommend is the seventienth -century royal palace . it is situated in a heart of warsaw and surrounded by the buildings of an old town . there is a square old market with the magnificent statue of the king zygmunt , in the centre of it . 
the place i would like to recommend is the seventeenth -century royal palace . it is situated in the heart of warsaw and surrounded by the buildings of the old town . there is a square old market an old market square with the magnificent statue of king zygmunt in the centre of it . 
facilities:
facilities:
. inside the palace , there is a museum of an antique collection of porcalaine . 
. inside the palace , there is a museum with an antique collection of porcelain a collection of antique porcelain . 
. there is also a portrait gallery in the left wing of the palace . 
. there is also a portrait gallery in the left wing of the palace . 
. the old town is the best place for afternoon stroll with a great deal of restaurants , caffes and street performers . 
. the old town is the best place for an afternoon stroll , with a great deal of restaurants , cafes and street performers . 
. there is an easy reach to cashpoints , lavatories , emergency services , etc . 
. there is an easy reach to cashpoints , toilets , emergency services etc cashpoints , toilets , emergency services etc are within easy reach . 
positive points
positive points
. it is easy to get there by any sort of public transport 
. it is easy to get there by any sort of public transport . 
. there are numbers of hotels or youth hostels to stay overninight , if necessary 
. there are a number of hotels or youth hostels to stay overnight , if necessary . 
. most of the admissions are absolutely free . 
. admission to most places is absolutely free . 
negative points
negative points
. a part of the palace might be closed , due to the constant renovations . 
. a part of the palace might be closed , due to the ongoing renovations . 
. all the facilities are usually overcrowded during a summer holiday . 
. all the facilities are usually overcrowded during the summer holiday . 
conclusion:
conclusion:
despite the few drawbacks , i would strongly recommend the royal palace as the most suitable place to visit for the foreign students . 
despite the few drawbacks , i would strongly recommend the royal palace as the most suitable place to visit for the foreign students . 
dear : mrs maria smith
dear mrs smith
i am replying your letter for the help you're being need . i am plece to tell the information do you need for the group . 
i am replying to your letter concerning the help you need . i am pleased to provide the information you need for the group . 
the hotel i was be booked is palace hotel wiche is in the center of london just tow blokes from victoria stations . i think it is verey convenit for the group . you know victoria area is easy to travel from there to the rest of the city . about the hotel is cling , and have a good serves the rooms are dobuels and neche have owe bathroom ant for the nomber of student we get a good valud . and the best way to get the college for the conference is walking to the victoria station get the tram to glouster road and 3 blokes to the letur hand you will found the college . howeve i am goign to make a plan for acche student with all of the diteil and adres . 
the hotel i booked is the palace hotel which is in the centre of london just two blocks from victoria station . i think it is very convenient for the group . you know the victoria area , it is easy to travel from there to the rest of the city . about the hotel , it is clean , and has provides a good service . the rooms are doubles and each has its own bathroom and for the number of students we are getting good value value . and the best way to get to the college for the conference is to walk to victoria station , get the tram to glouster road and after 3 blocks on the left hand left-hand side you will find the college . however i am going to make a plan for each student with all of the detail details and the address . 
about the party in the end of conference we organise in the same hotel whict have a nice salon . will b good for yor group you don't need move to anoder place . we'll have drink and food and music for dance . it is not a formal party so i thing is faind wear somethig no too formal . 
about the party at the end of conference , we are organising it in the same hotel which has a nice salon . it will be good for your group because you don't need to move to another place . we'll have food and drink and music for dancing . it is not a formal party so i think it is fine to wear something not too formal . 
i whant to suggestions for the last day you and your group may be go to green park and visite the queen house and the parlamente this area is very nice and the group would engoin aftha the conference get freche ear ore another obction could be the new tell galery i never been there but could be a good esxuse for visite it with you . i have been hearing about the ave they have in exivicuion is interesting . 
i want to suggestions for the last day . you and your group could maybe go to green park and visit the queen's house and parliament , this area is very nice and the group would engoin after the conference to get some fresh fresh air or another . another option could be the new tell gallery tell gallery . i have never been there but it could be a good excuse visit to visit it with you . i have been hearing about the ave they have in the exhibition exhibition , it is interesting . 
i hope you found thes letter uselfuel and if you have nay question let my know . 
i hope you found this letter useful and if you have any questions , let me know . 
i am looking forway to see you soon . 
i am looking forward to seeing you soon . 
yoors sincerely
yours sincerely
inventions have affected all our lives
inventions have affected all our lives
the computer was invented 30 year or mor ago and estart lake a procesing information with a big cad was perfored and maked a smol hold and aeche hold mean something lake a codig . the maching was used for read this cad was too big you use to need a room for our computer . i remember when i had the fare lesson in the univerty and the ticher took as to the computer center an i sow these machins all my college an my were lofing was very dificul imagent how you can work in these kan of computer . 
the computer was invented 30 years or more ago and start started like a processing information with a big card which was perforated and made a small hole and each hole meant something like a coding coding code . the machine that was used for reading this card was very big , you used to need a room for the computer . i remember when i had the first lesson at the university and the teacher took us to the computer centre and i saw these machines , all my college colleagues and i were laughing was very difficult imagine imagine to imagine how you can work with this kind kind of computer . 
in these days the computer is part of the own life you use it all the time some time you do persona or anoder is jost the thingh you need do like go to the bank , us the transpor , go for shoping etc . is a maching make the life easy and ibendow you can cari it every where is amaising the way as the fas the computer changes the programas are mor quicks and for useful and practicals 
these days the computer is part of your life , you use it all the time sometimes . sometimes you do personal and another other times it is just just the things you need to do like go to the bank , use transport , go shopping etc . it is a machine that makes life easy and ibendow you can carry it everywhere . it is amazing the way as the fas the computer changes , the programs are more quick faster and for more useful and practical . 
but the computer have the bad sead to i whand mean we life aeche day depende mor and mor for it . so i feel ascere when i thing about the consercuencias if some of the virus or mad prapoel make bad use lake hapen thise days with the sex or other . i work with children an the computer help my jop bat affeted to . 
but the computer has a bad side too . i whand mean we life each day we depend more and more on it . so i feel scared when i think about the consequences if some of the viruses or mad people misuse like as happen happens these days with sex or other . i work with children and the computer helps me in my job job but affected affects it too . 
so i hope the wold meke consense about and the inguener in compueter work have in estop these probleme because some good could be some thig very danger . 
so i hope the world world make makes consensus consensus reaches agreement about this and engineer engineer engineers in computer computer work computer engineers have stop to stop to prevent these problem problems because something good could be some thing something very dangerous . 
dear mrs maria smith , 
dear mrs maria smith , 
thank you for your letter . i am writing to give you some advice of an international student conference . 
thank you for your letter . i am writing to give you some advice about the international student conference . 
first of all , the name of hotel which we have been booked into is palace hotel . and we have two choices to get to the conference , a bus or a train . both of them are as convinience as getting there . 
first of all , the name of the hotel which we have been booked into is the palace hotel . and we have two ways to get to the conference , a bus or a train . both of them are as convenience convenient as getting there . 
the day before we will leave there , we have a party which takes place in our hotel . it is a kind of formal party , so we should be well-dressed . i suggest that you wear a formal dress . there is some finger foods and drinks . it might be a great party for end of conference . 
the day before we will leave , we have a party which takes place in our hotel . it is a kind of formal party , so we should be well dressed . i suggest that you wear formal dress . there are will be some finger food and drinks . it might be a great party for the end of the conference . 
end of all , in my opinion we could go a center of the town because there is many places to have a look and go shopping . it's quite a nice and a suitable place to spend for three hours . it could be interesting for them . 
end of all , in my opinion we could go to the centre of the town because there are many places to have a look at and go shopping . it's quite a nice area and a suitable place to spend three hours . it could be interesting for them . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
imagine our life without a telephone . if a telephone haven't been invented , we wouldn't have lived perfectly like nowadays . wouldn't you think we rely on it more than we expect ? 
imagine our life without a telephone . if the telephone hadn't been invented , we wouldn't have lived perfectly like nowadays . don't you think we rely on it more than we imagine ? 
a telephone is used when we need to contact with someone , and also an emergency situation and an internet . it has various way to use , however , nowadays it is not only used by these purpose , but also it keeps our company . even if you feel alone , you can talk and hear from your friend easily . then it makes you happy . 
a telephone is used when we need to contact someone , and also in emergency situations and for the internet . it has various ways to use . however , nowadays it is not only used for these purposes , but also it keeps us company . if you feel lonely , you can talk and hear from your friends easily . then it makes you happy . 
long time ago people lived without this perfect invention . but how ? they used to keep in touch with someone with a letter . in spite of taking a lot of time to catch up with , it was a only way . so that's why they have invented a telephon . 
a long time ago people lived without this perfect invention . but how ? they used to keep in touch by letter . in spite of taking a lot of time to catch up with , it was the only way . so that's why they have invented the telephone . 
now we could feel the world closer and closer beaus of a telephone . who wouldn't thank for this great invention ? 
now we can feel the world closer and closer beaus of a telephone . who wouldn't be thankful for this great invention ? 
dear madam , 
dear madam , 
i received your letter and i'm pleased to answer your questions . 
i have received your letter and i'm pleased to answer your questions . 
m . brown has booked rooms in the palace hotel . this is a first class hotel . the easiest way from the hotel to the conference is with the bus . there is a bus stop in front of your hotel . take the bus in direction center town . after four stops get off the bus . the name of this bus stop is 'kongresshaus' . if you leave the bus , the conference is in the house opposite the road . you can't miss it . 
m . brown has booked rooms in the palace hotel . this is a first-class hotel . the easiest way to get from the hotel to the conference is by bus . there is a bus stop in front of your hotel . take the bus in the direction of the centre of town . after four stops , get off the bus . the name of this bus stop is 'kongresshaus' . when you get off the bus , the conference is in the building across the road . you can't miss it . 
afterwards we will eat together in a restaurant and we will go in a disco . for the disco you musn't wear blue jeans . 
afterwards we will eat together in a restaurant and we will go to a disco . for the disco , you mustn't wear blue jeans . 
finally at your last day i propose you to do a sightseeing tour in our town . it takes you two hours . afterwards you will have any time to buy some souvenirs from switzerland . if you have any more questions , write me back . 
finally , on your last day , i suggest you do a sightseeing tour in our town . it takes you two hours . afterwards you will have some time to buy some souvenirs from switzerland . if you have any more questions , write back to me . 
yours sincerely , 
yours faithfully , 
i will write about the invention of the computer . 
i will write about the invention of the computer . 
with the computer our work is easier and more interesting . 
with the computer , our work is easier and more interesting . 
before the time with computers , people had to write every time a whole letter . when they would correct a word , they had to write the whole letter again . with the computer we can write a letter , correct a word or change the name without writting the whole letter again . we save the letter and in three week we could send it to another person . 
before the time of computers , people had to write a whole letter every time . when they wanted to correct a word , they had to write the whole letter again . with the computer , we can write a letter , correct a word or change the name without writing the whole letter again . we save the letter and in three weeks we could send it to another person . 
i work at a bank and i work all day with computers . if we hand't ay one , we had to write all the transactions on papers . 
i work in a bank and i work all day with computers . if we hadn't any , we would have to write all the transactions on paper . 
if i order money for our bank with the computer i can be sure that i will arrive the day after . but if i had to write a letter and to send it by post , the money will arrive two or three days after . 
if i order money for our bank with the computer , i can be sure that it will arrive the day after . but if i had to write a letter and to send it by post , the money would arrive two or three days after . 
i have never work without a computer , but if we hadn't any we would it find normally . 
i have never worked without a computer , but if we hadn't any , we would find it normal . 
mrs maria smith , 
dear mrs maria smith , 
i'm pleased to be able to help you for the international student conference . 
i'm pleased to be able to help you with the international student conference . 
the hotel in which the group has been booked to is the palace hotel , which is situated near the big bridge of mont blanc . 
the hotel into which the group has been booked is the palace hotel , which is situated near the big bridge of mont blanc . 
to get from the hotel to the conference , you have to take the highway indirection of lausanne , and after nearly half an hour of driving you come out at the place which is indicated with coppet , divonne . when you come out , just go on your right , and then turn left to follow the indications to the chtaigneroie school . 
to get from the hotel to the conference , you have to take the highway in direction in the direction of lausanne , and after nearly half an hour of driving you come out at the place which is indicated with coppet , divonne . when you come out , just go right , and then turn left to follow the directions to the chtaigneroie school . 
the end-of-conference party will take place at the same place . some musicians will play classical music , and there will be many different drinks and food . 
the end-of-conference party will take place at the same place . some musicians will play classical music , and there will be many different drinks and food . 
you should wear some formal clothes , but not necessary really pretty clothes 
you should wear formal clothes , but not necessarily really pretty clothes . 
for three hours , you could visit the museum of the red cross , which is very interesting . 
for three hours , you could visit the museum of the red cross , which is very interesting . 
i hope that these informations will help you 
i hope that this information will help you . 
sincerely yours , 
sincerely yours , 
the portable phone , a very useful invention ! 
the mobile phone , a very useful invention ! 
during all mankind history , there were discovers who tried to make human life better , but it is in the last century that there were the most biggest discoveries made . 
during all mankind's history , there were discoverers who tried to make human life better , but it is in the last century that there were the biggest discoveries made the biggest discoveries were made . 
when the phone without cable was invented , one wasn't sure if it would be a success or not . but the research went on , and the portable phone is getting always smaller and more useful . 
when the phone without a cable was invented , one wasn't sure if it would be a success or not . but the research went on , and the mobile phone is always getting smaller and more useful . 
the portable phone is an important invention , because nearly everybody has one , and so one can always call somebody if there is a problem . 
the mobile phone is an important invention , because nearly everybody has one , and so one can always call somebody if there is a problem . 
moreover , some portable phones have a connection to the web , so it is easy to read newspapers if one hasn't enough money to buy it . 
moreover , some mobile phones have a connection to the web , so it is easy to read the newspapers if one hasn't enough money to buy them . 
personally , the portable phone has affected my own life , because when somebody is phoning at home , i don't have to rush to take the phone , being afraid that it's too late . 
personally , the mobile phone has affected my own life , because when somebody is phoning me at home , i don't have to rush to get the phone , being afraid that it's too late . 
i recommend this extremely important invention to those who still don't have a portable phone . 
i recommend this extremely important invention to those who still don't have a mobile phone . 
dear maria , 
dear maria , 
i would be pleased to help you about all your questions and i will provide you some information which you need as much as i can . 
i would be pleased to help you with all your questions and i will provide you with the information which you need as far as i can . 
i would like to inform you that centeral red lion hotel has been booked for the accomadation of the group and it will be quite easy to get every where from the hotel on foot during your stay . 
i would like to inform you that centeral red lion hotel has been booked for the accommodation of the group and it will be quite easy to get everywhere on foot from the hotel during your stay . 
as you know that we arrange an evening party on the third day of the week , we can say that a kind of relaxation time . nothing will be spacial . place is college garden . time is 7 pm . there is no need to bother about clouths . everybody can put on something casual . 
as you know , we are arranging an evening party on the third day of the week , we can say that it is a kind of relaxation time . nothing will be special . the place is the college garden . the time is 7 pm . there is no need to bother about clothes . everybody can wear something casual . 
befor leav from england i suggest you to visit the cannals and small villages around basingstoke . you could find the opportunaty to see the country life . 
before you leave england , i suggest you visit the canals and small villages around basingstoke . you could have the opportunity to see the country life . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
time flies
time flies
i have to admit that whoever invented the cars and transportation vehicles did the most respectable invention of the word . i say that it must be the most important thing for us because they save our times passing so fast . 
i have to admit that whoever invented cars and transportation vehicles came up with the most respectable inventions of the world . i say that they must be the most important things for us because they save our time passing so fast . 
can you deny how quickly we get somewhere by car or by bus . may be 10 times as quick as getting somewhere on foot . try to imagine your life without having anyof them . wouldn't be unbarable and painful . 
can you deny how quickly we get somewhere by car or by bus ? maybe it is maybe 10 times as quick as getting somewhere on foot . try to imagine your life without having any of them . wouldn't it be unbearable and painful ? 
ceartainly it would be just like mine . because i live in a rural area far from any village , town , or city center . the nearest civilization takes me 1 hour on foot . i have no car , no local bus service to use . even comeing to basingstoke seems like a international journey to me . and ofcause this stops me everytime to live sociable life . but also i'm aware of that the time flies for me . i must do whatever i want befor it is too late . and i have to confess the invention of the car was the most usefull invention for the humanity . 
certainly it would be just like mine because i live in a rural area , far from any village , town , or city centre . to reach the nearest civilization takes me 1 hour on foot . i have no car , and no local bus service to use . even coming to basingstoke seems like an international journey to me . and of course this stops me everytime to live sociable life . but also i'm aware that time flies for me . i must do whatever i want before it is too late . and i have to confess the invention of the car was the most useful invention for humanity . 
dear mrs maria smith , 
dear mrs maria smith , 
i was delighted to receive your letter and to know that a group of students from your college have decided to take a part in our international student conference . 
i was delighted to receive your letter and to know that a group of students from your college have decided to take part in our international student conference . 
as you need more information , i answer all your questions with plesuare . firstly , the palace hotel has been booked for your group . it is one of the most comfortable hotels in our sity and situated only half a mile from main building of our college , so it is very simple to get from there to the conference by foot . 
as you need more information , i will answer all your questions with pleasure . firstly , the palace hotel has been booked for your group . it is one of the most comfortable hotels in our city and situated only half a mile from the main building of our college , so it is very simple to get from there to the conference by foot . 
secondly , our end-of-conference party is included dinner and dancing , i would advise you to wear something not very formal . 
secondly , our end-of-conference party includes dinner and dancing . i would advise you to wear something not very formal . 
finally , you can spend an afternoon on the last day visiting local historical places ( castles , builded in 13-th century ) or art gallery , as well as beatiful bodnant garden . 
finally , you can spend an afternoon on the last day visiting local historic places ( castles built in the 13th century ) or art galleries , as well as the beautiful bodnant garden . 
i am looking forward to the meeting with you and mutual work during conference . 
i am looking forward to the meeting with you and our shared work during conference . 
your sincerely
yours sincerely
there are many different people's inventions around us . we are so used to them , that sometimes think they existed always . some of them are very practical , other are rather strange . 
there are many different people's inventions around us . we are so used to them that sometimes we think they always existed . some of them are very practical , others are rather strange . 
i thing , that one of the most importent and affecting our life inventions is the telephone . 
i think that one of the most important inventions affecting our life is the telephone . 
imagine life without phone . you are on the road , you have car accident . what are you going to do without phone ? on another situation , your son is ill , he needs help urgently . i am sure , the phone has saved many lifes . besides , it is always very nice to ring your friend or mum , only for chating in any time . thanks the phone , it is possible even your mam is on the other end of the earth . 
imagine life without a phone . you are on the road , you have a car accident . what are you going to do without a phone ? in another situation , your son is ill , he needs help urgently . i am sure the phone has saved many lives . besides , it is always very nice to ring your friend or mum , only chatting to chat in any time . thanks to the phone , it is possible even your mum to speak to your mum even when she is at the other end of the earth . 
to be honest , next great invention of people , computer , can't work , if you haven't got the phone . so i am very grateful to man , who invented it , unfornutely , i have forgotten his name . it always happens with people , doesn't ? try to ask who invented the will or the book . 
to be honest , the next greatest invention of mankind , the computer , can't work if you haven't got the phone . so i am very grateful to the man who invented it , unfortunately . unfortunately , i have forgotten his name . it always happens with people , doesn't it ? try asking who invented the wheel or the book . 
chne-bourg , tuesday 12th june . 
chne-bourg , tuesday 12th june . 
dear mrs smith , 
dear mrs smith , 
it is with great regret that i hear of mr brown's illness , and hope to see him soon in an excellent health . nevertheless , i am both pleased and honoured to expect you and your group in the context of our international meeting . 
it is with great regret that i hear of mr brown's illness , and i hope to see him soon in excellent health . nevertheless , i am both pleased and honoured to expect you and your group in the context of our international meeting . 
we have made arrangements for you to stay at the palace hotel . furthermore , since it is located between the airport and our location , a bus shuttle has been organised to pick all our guests from the hotel to the conference room . 
we have made arrangements for you to stay at the palace hotel . furthermore , since it is located between the airport and our location , a shuttle bus has been organised to take all our guests from the hotel to the conference room . 
the end-of-conference party is to be held at the 'royal room' of the hotel , which has an outstanding reputation for its quality and seriousness . therefore , all guests will be asked to wear the corresponding clothes in order to be accepted . 
the end-of-conference party is to be held in the 'royal room' of the hotel , which has an outstanding reputation for its quality and seriousness . therefore , all the guests will be asked to wear the appropriate clothes in order to be accepted . 
as for the three hours of free time , i strongly suggest you to check-in your lugages at the airport and then , after a five-minutes bus ride , spend your time in the marvellous 'old city' . 
as for the three hours of free time , i strongly suggest you to check in check in your luggages luggage check your luggage in at the airport and then , after a five-minute bus ride , spend your time in the marvellous 'old city' . 
best regards , 
best regards , 
my fair mobile phone . 
my fair mobile phone . 
the technological revolution taking place today can be directly linked to the amazing evolution of our communication abilities throughout those last years . the inevitable invention symbolizing this aspect in our ordinary life is , of course , the mobile phone . 
the technological revolution taking place today can be directly linked to the amazing evolution of our communications technology over the last few years . the inevitable invention symbolizing this aspect in our daily life is , of course , the mobile phone . 
it is clear and irrefutable that the use of this invention has becomed a necessary condition in some professional activities . trades , politicians and taxi drivers are but a few examples of such needs . however , the common man seems to ignore how important and useful a mobile phone becomes , when in the hands of a high-school student . 
it is clear and irrefutable that the use of this invention has become a necessary condition in some professional activities . trades , politicians and taxi drivers are but a few examples of such needs . however , the average man seems to ignore how important and useful a mobile phone becomes when in the hands of a high-school student . 
it becomes then a real obsession for the average students , as e uses it before the lessons , during the lessons , during lunch and , especially , during examinations . . . nevertheless , it is also a common mistake to believe that the sole purpose of such an usage is to communicate information during an exam , since its major role is actually to allow the student and the parents to discuss during everyday's courses . bottom line is that any teacher complaining about this situation should confiscate not the student's phone , but his parents' ! 
it then becomes a real obsession for the average student , as he uses it before the lessons , during the lessons , during lunch and , especially , during examinations . . . nevertheless , it is also a common mistake to believe that the sole purpose of such a usage is to communicate information during an exam , since its major role is actually to allow the student and the parents to discuss during every day's courses . the bottom line is that any teacher complaining about this situation should confiscate not the student's phone , but his parents' ! 
dear mrs . smith , 
dear mrs . smith , 
i have just received the letter from you and i'm writting to you as soon as posible . i can promise to you that i'll do my best to help you . you told me that you are the leader of a group of students this year , because mr. brown is ill . poor mr. brown , i hope he will get better soon . 
i have just received the letter from you and i'm writing to you as soon as possible . i can promise you that i'll do my best to help you . you told me that you are the leader of a group of students this year , because mr. brown is ill . poor mr. brown . i hope he will get better soon . 
as i've just checked the group has been booked into the palace hotel . the best way to get from there to the conference is by coache , that i have arranged for you . the driver mr. olsson works for us since . he will pick you up at 11 oo a . m . the conference is from 12 oo to 2 oo p . m . at the end of conference is a party from 2 oo to 3 oo . i suggest you to wear comfortable and nice clothes because i have planed a sightseeing for you before your plane at 8 oo p . m . i'd like to show you a museum , a gallery and the gardens that are belonging to the palace . then we can have a rest in the caffee and talk before your flight home . i think i gave you all importen informations . i hope to see you all soon , 
i've just checked and the group has been booked into the palace hotel . the best way to get from there to the conference is by coach , which i have arranged for you . the driver , mr. olsson , works for us since . he will pick you up at 11:00 a . m . the conference is from 12:00 to 2:00 p . m . at the end of the conference there is a party from 2:00 to 3:00 . i suggest you wear comfortable and nice clothes because i have planned a sightseeing tour for you . before you catch your plane at 8:00 p . m . i'd like to show you a museum , a gallery and the gardens that belong to the palace . then we can have a rest in the cafe and talk before your flight home . i think i have given you all the important information . i hope to see you all soon . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
nowdays motorization is one of the most important inventions . as you look amoung everybody has a car or motorcycle . no matter that people started worred more about polution in the world . 
nowadays motorization is one of the most important inventions . when you look among around everybody has a car or motorcycle . no matter that people started worried more about pollution in the world . 
let me to tell you , how invention of motorcycle has affected my life . i love motocycles and i don't think i could live without them . i drive motocycle since i was 16 year old . me and my brother we used to go to the rock concerts . we have met a lot of people there same mad about motorcycle as we were . we were avenging races and trips . we were driving motocycles few day befour we finally had got to mitting points . 
let me to tell you how the invention of the motorcycle has affected my life . i love motorcycles and i don't think i could live without them . i ride have ridden a motorcycle since i was 16 years old . me and my brother used to go to rock concerts . we met a lot of people there who were as mad about motorcycles as we were . we were organized organized races and trips . we were riding rode motorcycles for a few days before we finally got to our meeting points . 
i really enjoy driving motocycle . people say that is dangerous , i don't think so . when i drive is only me and my motocycle . before me and after are my friends that i like and trust . and around me nature that i can watch and enjoy while we shop fore camp . we can go to any place we like , avoid traffic and to full buses , trains , etc . 
i really enjoy riding my motorcycle . people say that it is dangerous ; i don't think so . when i ride it is only me and my motorcycle . in front of me and behind are my friends , who i like and trust . and around me is the countryside , which i can watch and enjoy while we look for a camp . we can go to any place we like , avoiding traffic and crowded buses and trains , etc . 
i am really greatful for people who invented the first motocycle in the world . i feel very bad about that i don't know who was it . on the other hand no matter that i feel very good about that because that invention has changed and affected my life end people i care about , has affected my life in a very best way . 
i am really grateful to the people who invented the first motorcycle in the world . i feel very bad about the fact that i don't know who it was . on the other hand no matter that i feel very good about that because that invention has changed and affected my life and the people i care about ; it has affected my life in the very best way . 
dear mrs maria smith , 
dear mrs maria smith , 
thank you very much for your letter . as you asked me in the letter , i am very happy to help you with finding out details of the conference . 
thank you very much for your letter . as you asked me in the letter , i am very happy to help you with the details of the conference . 
the hotel that your group will be staying at is palace hotel . it is reasonably near to the college , so it may be very good to walk from the hotel along river thames following yellow signs on sunny days . if it rains , you can take bus 54 that stops in front of the college . 
the hotel that your group will be staying at is the palace hotel . it is reasonably near to the college , so it may be very nice to walk from the hotel along the river thames following the yellow signs on sunny days . if it rains , you can take the 54 bus that stops in front of the college . 
the end-of-conference party is designed to give rough ideas about many different cultures . so you will enjoy traditional foods , music , dances and games from all over the world . as a part of this , the leader of each group has to wear a costume of her country . other members of groups can wear a normal pretty formal dress . 
the end-of-conference party is designed to give a rough idea taste of many different cultures . so you will enjoy traditional foods , music , dances and games from all over the world . as a part of this , the leader of each group has to wear the national dress of her country . other members of the groups can wear normal , attractive formal dress . 
on the last day , i recommend that you will visit the place that is located at the centre of our city . it is about 1000 years old , so i am sure that you will find it fascinating to see it . 
on the last day , i recommend that you visit the place that is located at the centre of our city . it is about 1000 years old , so i am sure that you will find it fascinating to see it . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
can you imagine your life without any computers at all ? well , i am sure that you can hardly do this unless you are living deep in a forest or in a dessert ! 
can you imagine your life without any computers at all ? well , i am sure that you can hardly do this unless you are living deep in a forest or in a desert ! 
if you think about how many computers we use every day and how dependent we are on them , it must be clear that invention of computers has certainly had a significant impact on all our lives . for example , all infrastructures such as transports and power stations are ran using computers government uses them to organise all sorts of things in a country , and all kids of services and businesses such as hospitals and supermarkets use them as essential capitals . in other words , almost all aspects of our lives today rely on computers . so i am sure from this that it is convincing enough to say that invention of computers is really important . 
if you think about how many computers we use every day and how dependent we are on them , it must be clear to you that the invention of computers has certainly had a significant impact on all our lives . for example , all infrastructures , such as public transport and power stations , are run using computers , the government uses them to organise all sorts of things in a country , and all kinds of institutions and businesses , such as hospitals and supermarkets , use them as essential capitals . in other words , almost all aspects of our lives today rely on computers . so i am sure from this that it is convincing enough to say that invention of computers is really important . 
from my personal experience , i can also say that a personal computer is also an amazing tool . it improves productivity of my homework , that is often essay writing , and also it allows me to access to the internet . since i live abroad , the internet is really useful for me to have a contact with my bestfriend and to know what is going on in my home country . 
from my personal experience , i can also say that a personal computer is also an amazing tool . it improves the productivity of my homework , which involves often often involves essay writing , and also it allows me to access the internet . since i live abroad , the internet is really useful for me to have a contact with my best friend and when i want to know what is going on in my home country . 
to sum up , i can say that the greatest ever invention is the invention of computers that has affected both indivisuals and a society as a whole . 
to sum up , i can say that the greatest ever invention is the invention of computers , which has affected both individuals and society as a whole . 
dear mrs . smith , 
dear mrs . smith , 
i am writing in reply to your enquiry about this year international conference . 
i am writing in reply to your enquiry about this year's international conference . 
the conference will be held at the palace hotel on old street . there will be signs to follow from central train station . the conference is commensing on 31st june 2001 from 10 . 00-15 . 00 . light lunch will be provided . 
the conference will be held at the palace hotel on old street . there will be signs to follow from the central train station . the conference is commencing commences on 31st june 2001 from 10 . 00-15 . 00 . a light lunch will be provided . 
after the conference , there will be a relaxing party . there is no dressed-code for the party . however i suggest you could wear the same outfit as you wear for the conference . 
after the conference , there will be a relaxing party . there is no dress code for the party . however , i suggest you wear the same outfit that you will wear for the conference . 
i have included the local map , there are some ideas at the back of the map . please let me know if you would like to book one of the city-walk tours , we have arrange spacial discounts for the conference attendance . personly i recommend the dicken's tour because it is a good length of walking and very historical . 
i have included a local map . there are some ideas on the back of the map . please let me know if you would like to book one of the city-walk tours . we have arranged special discounts for the conference attendees . personally i recommend the dickens tour because it is a good length walk and very historical . 
i hope that i have covered all information you would need and look forward to seeing you . 
i hope that i have covered all the information you will need and look forward to seeing you . 
your sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
p . s . please find the enclosed map . 
p . s . please find the map enclosed . 
there are several interesting buildings in the city of london . i believe liverpool street station is at the top list . 
there are several interesting buildings in the city of london . i believe liverpool street station is at the top of the list . 
the building itself looks grand and elegant . despite the fact that this building has served half-a million commuters in a day , it always clean and functional . 
the building itself looks grand and elegant . despite the fact that this building serves half a million commuters in a day , it is always clean and functional . 
there are two parts of liverpool street station that make it so interesting building . the newly decorated section is fairly modern style with escalators and touched-screen ticket machine . it is also very well linked into the old underground station which it is such a contrast in transformation . the old bit is rather unique and charming . you could really imagine how it looked like in the old day . 
there are two parts of liverpool street station that make it so interesting a building . the newly decorated section is fairly modern in style with escalators and touch-screen ticket machines . it is also very well linked to the old underground station , which is such a contrast in transformation . the old bit is rather unique and charming . you can really imagine what it looked like in the old days . 
there is another surprising section in this building . at the far back of the station is also connected to a spacious well designed pedestrians park . it is a good example of a great architecture that was designed to provide services to the public . 
there is another surprising section in this building . at the far side of the station it is connected to a spacious , well-designed pedestrians' public park . it is a good example of great architecture that was designed to provide services for the public . 
finally , it is in the heart of city and everyone would be able to find without doubt . 
finally , it is in the heart of the city and everyone will be able to find it without doubt without doubt everyone will be able to find it . 
12 june 2001
12 june 2001
dear mrs smith
dear mrs smith
thank you for your letter dated 8 june 2001 . i hope i can give you the information you need . so the conference will be a great experience to you and your group . 
thank you for your letter dated 8 june 2001 . i hope i can give you the information you need , so the conference will be a great experience for you and your group . 
your group will stay at the palace hotel . the palace hotel is situated in the town centre next to the railway station . a free shuttel-bus gets you to the conference-center . the bus leavs at 8 a . m . at the front entrance of the hotel . 
your group will stay at the palace hotel . the palace hotel is situated in the town centre next to the railway station . a free shuttel bus shuttle bus takes you to the conference center conference centre . the bus leaves at 8 a . m . from the front entrance of the hotel . 
the end-of-conference party is playing in a rent and in the greenground . there will be a barbecue , a place to dance and many more . it is a surprice ! i suggest to wear leisure-clothes to the party . 
the end-of-conference party is in a tent and in the green ground grounds . there will be a barbecue , a place to dance and much more . it will be a surprise ! i suggest that you wear leisure clothes for the party . 
the last afternoon you could go on a city-tour , visite the museum of fine arts or enjoy the beautiful flower garden next to the common park . 
on the last afternoon you could go on a city tour , visit the museum of fine arts , or enjoy the beautiful flower garden next to the public park . 
i hope i could give you some ideas . i look forward to seeing you . 
i hope i was able to have been able to give you some ideas . i look forward to seeing you . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
what would life be without the phone ? 
what would life be without the phone ? 
have you ever thought about a world without phone ? how was it in the 18 century with no opportunity to communicate by phone and how would it be now ? 
have you ever thought about a world without the phone ? what was it like in the 18th century with no possibility of communicating by phone , and what would it be like now ? 
i can not imagine how our life would be . we are living in a busy world . in the business world you use the phone all the time to speak with your clients , to make appointments , to order an article e . c . ; then , time is money ! 
i cannot imagine how our life would be . we live in a busy world . in the business world you use the phone all the time to speak with your clients , to make appointments , to order an article etc . ; so , time is money ! 
how has the phone affected my own life ? i think , that is a good question to think about . i could not call my friends from an other city and just say " hello " . it would be difficult and take more time to make an appointment . 
how has the phone affected my own life ? i think that is a good question to think about . i could not call my friends from another city and just say " hello " . it would be difficult and would take more time to make an appointment . 
so , what did the phone-revolution for us ? it saves time . 
so , what did the phone revolution has the phone revolution done for us ? it saves us time . 
neuchtel , 12th june 2001
neuchtel , 12th june 2001
dear mrs smith , 
dear mrs smith , 
i thank you for your recent letter . first , i would like to congratulate on your new responsability , because of mr brown's illness . 
thank you for your recent letter . first , i would like to congratulate you on your new responsibility , because of mr brown's illness . 
i give you with great pleasure all the details needed . 
i will give you with great pleasure all the details needed . 
your group is staying at the palace hotel , which is located directly in front of the bus station . 
your group is staying at the palace hotel , which is located directly opposite the bus station . 
to go to the conference from your hotel is really easy . you have to take the bus number 1 and get off at " black house " , which is the third stop . 
to go to the conference from your hotel is really easy . you have to take the number 1 bus and get off at " black house " , which is the third stop . 
after the conference , at about 8 pm . a party is organised . during it , everybody will have the opportunity to met and talk to the speakers of the conference . food and beverages will be available . after the cocktail , the band " zero one " is playing their famous songs . 
after the conference , at about 8 pm a party is being organised . during it , everybody will have the opportunity to meet and talk to the speakers of the conference . food and beverages will be available . after the cocktails , the band " zero one " will play their famous songs . 
the clothes , required for the party are suits for men and cocktail dresses for women . 
the clothes required for the party are suits for men and cocktail dresses for women . 
before your departure , you will have time to visit the olympic museum or to make a sightseeing tour in our city . 
before your departure , you will have time to visit the olympic museum or to do a sightseeing tour of our city . 
i hope you will enjoy your journey in our city and look forward to meeting you at this conference . 
i hope you will enjoy your stay in our city and look forward to meeting you at this conference . 
yours faithfully , 
yours sincerely , 
report on the " paintings museum " 
report on the " paintings museum " 
in order to write this report , i spent hours in this wonderful museum . there , i saw the exibitions and admired the building itself . i walked around the garden too . 
in order to write this report , i spent hours in this wonderful museum . there , i saw the exhibitions and admired the building itself . i walked around the garden too . 
location
location
the museum is located in ouchy , in front of the " delamuraz hotel " . it is close to the main road , and at 300 meters of the station . 
the museum is located in ouchy , opposite the " delamuraz hotel " . it is close to the main road , and 300 metres from the station . 
outside
outside
the building is made of white stones . it has two floors . before going inside , you have to pas through the huge garden . there , ponds , pools , trees , flowers and ducks can be admired . i recommend you to take your swim suit , because in summer , it is allowed to swim in pools . 
the building is made of white stones . it has two floors . before going inside , you have to pass through the huge garden . there , ponds , pools , trees , flowers and ducks can be admired . i recommend you to take your swimsuit , because in summer , it is allowed to swim in the pools . 
inside
inside
when you are inside the museum , you will be impressed by the paintings on the walls . there were all painting during the war by nurses . if you go down a few steps , you will discover the ceilar . everything in this room is about wine . 
when you are inside the museum , you will be impressed by the paintings on the walls . they were all painted during the war by nurses . if you go down a few steps , you will discover the cellar . everything in this room is connected with wine . 
to learn the whole history of the building , there is a room dedicated to it on the first floor . 
to learn the whole history of the building , there is a room dedicated to it on the first floor . 
i particularly recommend you to visit the " blue " room . everything in this room is blue , the carpet , the ceiling and even the door . 
i particularly recommend you to visit the " blue " room . everything in this room is blue , the carpet , the ceiling and even the door . 
according to the owner , it was a room where in the past people used to go when they were depressed . 
according to the owner , it was a room where in the past people used to go when they were depressed . 
conclusion
conclusion
to sum up , i would like to add that this house is the most famous in our city . you should come and visit it for the paintings or for the building itself . 
to sum up , i would like to add that this house is the most famous in our city . you should come and visit it for the paintings or for the building itself . 
you won't be disappointed . 
you won't be disappointed . 
the only negative point is that you have to pay 10 francs to visit . the house and the garden . 
the only negative point is that you have to pay 10 francs to visit the house and the garden . 
dear mrs smith , 
dear mrs smith , 
i'm writing in reply to your letter in which you asked me for help . i hope i will be able to give you the information you need for the group of students who are coming to the conference . 
i'm writing in reply to your letter in which you asked me for help . i hope i will be able to give you the information you need for the group of students who are coming to the conference . 
firstly , the palace hotel is waiting for you and your students . the best way to get from there to the college where the conference will take place is simply to walk . actually , the college is situated 500 meters away from the hotel . 
firstly , the palace hotel is waiting for you and your students . the best way to get from there to the college where the conference will take place is simply to walk . actually , the college is situated 500 metres from the hotel . 
as you know , the conference will be followed by a party . it will begin at 7 p . m and last until late in the evening . you don't need to worry about what you should wear to this event . in fact , the purpose of the end-of-conference party is to relax after a busy day , therefore you and your students can put jeans and sport shoes on . 
as you know , the conference will be followed by a party . it will begin at 7 p . m . and last until late in the evening . you don't need to worry about what you should wear to this event . in fact , the purpose of the end-of-conference party is to relax after a busy day . therefore you and your students can put jeans and sport shoes on . 
to conclude , we decided to organize a guided tour by coach , as you have an afternoon free before your plane takes off . 
to conclude , we decided to organize a guided tour by coach , as you have an afternoon free before your plane takes off . 
i hope the international student conference will help to know each other better and that it will be a success . 
i hope the international student conference will help everyone to get to know each other better and that it will be a success . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
dear sir or madam , 
dear sir or madam , 
i'm writing in reply to your letter in which you asked me information on an interesting building to visit . there is so many places of interest in lausanne , but i think that the olympic museum is the most notable for the following reasons:
i'm writing in reply to your letter in which you asked me for information on an interesting building to visit . there are so many places of interest in lausanne , but i think that the olympic museum is the most notable for the following reasons:
the olympic museum dates from the 19th century and is the biggest in europe . it shows all the different sports men have been doing since the first olympic games in greece . you can see the evolution of sports and understand why changes gradually have been done to improve them . you can admire every kind of equipments you need to do any particular sport . you will be informed about the story of sport in general and about the new technologies which are used nowaday n high competitions . 
the olympic museum dates from the 19th century and is the biggest in europe . it shows all the different sports men have been doing since the first olympic games in greece . you can see the evolution of sports and understand why changes gradually have been made to improve them . you can admire every kind of equipment you need to do any particular sport . you will be informed about the history of sport in general and about the new technologies which are used nowadays in high competitions . 
the museum is near the city center and is accessible by bus or walking . it will takes you an afternoon to visit it and then you can enjoy a drink or a meal in the restaurant on the third floor , well-known for being one of the best establishment in lausanne . 
the museum is near the city centre and is accessible by bus or walking . it will take you an afternoon to visit it and then you can enjoy a drink or a meal in the restaurant on the third floor , which is well known for being one of the best establishments in lausanne . 
i hope my recommendations will help you in the choice of a building to visit . 
i hope my recommendations will help you in the choice of a building to visit . 
yours faithfully , 
yours faithfully , 
dear mrs smith , 
dear mrs smith , 
i'm writing in response to the letter we have received from you , in order to let you know all the information you have asked for . 
i'm writing in response to the letter we have received from you , in order to let you know all the information you have asked for . 
first of all , your group has been booked into the palace hotel , main-road 21 , which is situated not far from our college . i'd suggest you to walk , it will only take you about seven minutes . just follow main-road until to reach a junction , where you turn right and then walk along denl-a-lion road . the college is a huge , yellow building - you can't miss it . 
first of all , your group has been booked into the palace hotel , main road 21 21 main road , which is situated not far from our college . i'd suggest you walk . it will only take you about seven minutes . just follow main road until you reach a junction , where you turn right and then walk along denl-a-lion road . the college is a huge , yellow building - you can't miss it . 
secondly , you have required information about the end-of-conference party . it will begin at 6 o'clock p . m . and last until midnight . all the students will be provided with sacks and we have managed to book a band as well . the location of the party isn't fixed yet , but we will let you know after your arrival . 
secondly , you have requested information about the end-of-conference party . it will begin at 6 o'clock p . m . and last until midnight . all the students will be provided with sacks and we have managed to book a band as well . the location of the party isn't fixed yet , but we will let you know after your arrival . 
there is no need putting on special clothes for the party , casual ones should do it as well , for we want everyone to feel comfortable . 
there is no need to put on special clothes for the party . casual dress should do just as well , because we want everyone to feel comfortable . 
last but not least i will give you some ideas of where to spend your free afternoon . i'd suggest you to visit our local museum , as there is a marvellous exhibition there at the moment . provided the weather is fine , you could also go swimming or make a tour through our beautiful town . ( i could book a guide for you if you're interested ) 
last but not least i will give you some ideas about where to spend your free afternoon . i'd suggest you visit our local museum , as there is a marvellous exhibition there at the moment . provided the weather is fine , you could also go swimming or make a tour of our beautiful town . ( i could book a guide for you if you're interested . ) 
please write back or call me if there is any more information you need . 
please write back or call me if there is any more information you need . 
i'm looking forward to meeting you and wish you all the best . 
i'm looking forward to meeting you and wish you all the best . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
the telephone , a blessing . 
the telephone , a blessing . 
who of you could imagine life without the telephone ? not being able to call your friend and ask if you can pop in for a moment ? not being able to lie to your mother-in-law and pretend you can't attend her garden party because of an illness , without having to look her in the eye ? when alexander graham bell first invented the telephone , he had no idea of how popular it would be one day . its first appliance was in order to listen to a concert if you were not able to attend it in person . nowadays , however , the whole world is connected by a telephone system and no one could imagine life without it . 
who of you could imagine life without the telephone ? not being able to call your friend and ask if you can pop over for a moment ? not being able to lie to your mother-in-law and pretend you can't attend her garden party because of an illness , without having to look her in the eye ? when alexander graham bell first invented the telephone , he had no idea how popular it would be one day . its first application was in order to listen to a concert if you were not able to attend it in person . nowadays , however , the whole world is connected by a telephone system and no one can imagine life without it . 
take me , for example , i use it whenever there is a problem and i need some advice , or when i have to call off a meeting for any reason . i cannot always walk to the person and say " sorry , i must cancel our meeting " , because then it's too late anyway , isn't it ? 
take me , for example , i use it whenever there is a problem and i need some advice , or when i have to call off a meeting for any reason . i cannot always walk to the person and say " sorry , i must cancel our meeting " , because then it's too late anyway , isn't it ? 
life definitely wouldn't be the same without the invention of the telephone . we use it daily in order to get information or to pass it on . 
life definitely wouldn't be the same without the invention of the telephone . we use it daily in order to get information or to pass it on . 
just try to spend one week without using a telephone at all , and you will see that it is impossible to do so . so don't take the telephone for granted , but keep in mind that our modern way of life is mainly due to its invention . 
just try to spend one week without using a telephone at all , and you will see that it is impossible to do so . so don't take the telephone for granted , but keep in mind that our modern way of life is mainly due to its invention . 
dear mrs smith , 
dear mrs smith , 
i would like to thank you for your letter . i am sorry to learn that richard brown cannot attend the conference . please transmit him my best wishes for his recovery . 
i would like to thank you for your letter . i am sorry to learn that richard brown cannot attend the conference . please give him my best wishes for his recovery . 
we have booked rooms for all members of your group at the palace hotel . it is a very cosy building that is on the same avenue as the conference building , approximetively one mile away . there is a direct bus link between the two locations: this is bus line number six ; the bus station for the conference building is called " avenue de cour " and the one at the palace hotel is named " main station " . 
we have booked rooms for all members of your group at the palace hotel . it is a very cosy building that is on the same avenue as the conference building , approximately one mile away . there is a direct bus link between the two locations: this is the number six bus line ; the bus stop for the conference building is called " avenue de cour " and the one at the palace hotel is named " main station " . 
concerning the party we do not have a casual dressing code . students usually wear dark clothes with a tie for the boys and a mid-long skirt or dress for the girls . 
concerning the party , we do not have a casual dress code . students usually wear dark clothes , with a tie for the boys and a medium-length skirt or dress for the girls . 
there are a lot of activities you can do during your free afternoon . i would like to suggest visiting the " ethnographic museum , , which is kind of unique in the world . 
there are a lot of activities you can do during your free afternoon . i would like to suggest visiting the " ethnographic museum " which is kind of unique in the world . 
looking forward to meeting you soon
looking forward to meeting you soon
i remain , yours sincerely . 
i remain , yours sincerely , 
the car:
the car:
i think that the car is one of the human inventions that has the most affected the way of life of people from industrial countries . 
i think that the car is one of the human inventions that has most affected the way of life of people from industrial countries . 
nowadays more than the percents of the world industry is related to the automotive business: car manufacturing , gasoline extracting and refining , tyres recycling , and so on . 
nowadays more than the percents of world industry is related to the automotive business: car manufacturing , oil extraction and refining , tyre recycling , and so on . 
the industrial countries have encountered deep evolution of their strictures since the car has been made available to everyone . 
the industrial countries have encountered great change in their structures since the car has been made available to everyone . 
at the beginning of the last century only a few very rich people could afford a car; it was kind of leisure or sport to drive one . today almost everyone owns a car and needs it for daily activities . the transport network has changed according to this social evolution . 
at the beginning of the last century only a few very rich people could afford a car; it was a kind of leisure or sport to drive one . today almost everyone owns a car and needs it for daily activities . the transport network has changed in accordance with this social evolution . 
the increasing number of cars related and infrastructure are now creeting problems . 
the increasing number of cars related and infrastructure is now creating problems . 
a lot of roads and motorways are overcrowded , and enviromment issues are more and more related to the intensive use of cars and lorries . 
a lot of roads and motorways are overcrowded , and environment environmental problems are more and more related to the intensive use of cars and lorries . 
people and governments are concerned about how to limit the effects of cars on the enviromment without impacting their mobility . 
people and governments are concerned about how to limit the effects of cars on the environment without affecting their mobility . 
this will be a tough challenge for this new century . 
this will be a tough challenge for this new century . 
dear mrs smith:
dear mrs smith:
my name is juniper , i am helping to organise the conference in the college . i received your letter the other day and i am writing to answer your questions . 
my name is juniper . i am helping to organise the conference in the college . i received your letter the other day and i am writing to answer your questions . 
the group has been booked into palace hotel which is not very far from the place where the conference will be held . you can take the no . 41 bus from the hotel to the conference , it only takes ten minutes approximately . 
the group has been booked into the palace hotel , which is not very far from the place where the conference will be held . you can take the no . 41 bus from the hotel to the conference . it only takes ten minutes approximately . 
as for the end-of-conference party , it will be on the morning of the last day starting at 9:00 . all the students and staffs will join together in the hall . they can play games and talk about personal experience . the main aim of it is to deepen the friendship among all these pupils coming from all over the world . so it would be fine if you wear casual clothes and look smart . 
as for the end-of-conference party , it will be on the morning of the last day , starting at 9:00 . all the students and staff will attend together in the hall . they can play games and talk about their personal experiences . the main aim of this is to strengthen the friendship among all these pupils coming from all over the world . so it would be fine if you wore casual clothes and looked smart . 
i have made arrangement for the afternoon on the last day for you . if you are free i will show you arround our college . you can visit our newly-built science lab as well . i'm sure you would acquire a lot of knowledge there . 
i have made arrangements for the afternoon on the last day for you . if you are free i will show you around our college . you can visit our newly built science lab as well . i'm sure you would acquire a lot of knowledge there . 
i'm looking forward to meeting you . 
i'm looking forward to meeting you . 
best wishes . 
best wishes . 
best choice
best choice
welcome to london . you asked me for an interesting building to visit . in my opinion , i'll recommend british museum . one of the reasons is you can learn almost everything about british history there . 
welcome to london . you asked me about an interesting building to visit . in my opinion , i recommend the british museum . one of the reasons is you can learn almost everything about british history there . 
the museum looks very old as some other buildings in london , but it is very modern inside . after going through the enormous main door , you can see a huge white round building which is a library . a lot of famous people have been to this library before ! 
the museum looks very old , like some other buildings in london , but it is very modern inside . after going through the enormous main door , you can see a huge round white building , which is a library . a lot of famous people have been to this library ! 
the british hall is on the first floor , not far from the library . it shows a large number of valuable things . almost each one tells you a story or gives you a picture about british history . i'm sure all the students will gain a wonderful lesson ! 
the british hall is on the first floor , not far from the library . it shows a large number of valuable things . almost every one tells you a story or gives you a picture of british history . i'm sure all the students will gain a wonderful lesson ! 
apart from the national history , there are more content about the past of the world . you can go to many sections such as asia hall , egypt hall , europe hall and so on . countless fascinating things will definely take you the whole day to appreciate . after a visit to british museum , you will be certainly able to put your history textbook away ! 
apart from national history , there are more contents about the history of the world . you can go to many sections such as the asian hall , egyptian hall , european hall and so on . the countless fascinating things will definitely take you the whole day to appreciate . after a visit to the british museum , you will certainly be able to put your history textbook away ! 
also you don't have to pay any money for it , and the transport is extremely convenient , therefore british museum is your best choice . don't be hesitant any more ! 
also you don't have to pay any money for it , and the transport is extremely convenient , therefore the british museum is your best choice . don't be hesitant any more ! 
dear mrs smith . 
dear mrs smith , 
i am writing to you to give you the information about the conference . 
i am writing to you to give you the information about the conference . 
the hotel your group has been booked into is called palace hotel . it is simple to find the way from this hotel to the conference . you only need to cross the street in front of your hotel . there you will find a modern building with two different doors a red and a blue one . you are asked to take the blue door . after entering you will see the signed conference room . 
the hotel your group has been booked into is called the palace hotel . it is simple to find your way from this hotel to the conference . you only need to cross the street in front of your hotel . there you will find a modern building with two different doors , a red one and a blue one . you are asked to go through the blue door . after entering , you will see the conference room which will be signposted . 
we organized a end-of-conference party on the day before your departure . everyone is welcome to join this party to get to know each other in a good atmosphere . you should wear nice and comfortable cloth . this is an informal party . 
we have organized an end-of-conference party on the day before your departure . everyone is welcome to join in with this party in order to get to know each other in a good atmosphere . you should wear nice comfortable clothes . this is an informal party . 
i suggest you visiting the old part of zurich or going to the zoo before your departure . 
i suggest you visit the old part of zurich or go to the zoo before your departure . 
i am looking forward to meeting you at the conference . if there is any question left , please contact me . 
i am looking forward to meeting you at the conference . if there are any more questions , please contact me . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
the most important invention
the most important invention
i love baking cakes , cockies and breads . baking is passion and in the town i live i'm known for making the best cakes in the area . it doesn't matter in what kind of mood i am , i can do it all the time and it makes me feel good . 
i love baking cakes , cookies and breads . baking is my passion and in the town where i live i'm known for making the best cakes in the area . it doesn't matter what kind of mood i am in , i can do it all the time and it makes me feel good . 
but i couldn't bake without an oven . i'm so grateful for this invention which allows me to live my passion . 
but i couldn't bake without an oven . i'm so grateful for this invention which allows me to live my passion . 
i think the oven is one of the most important inventions . if there is someone who doesn't agree with me , he or she should try to live one month without using the oven . besides that he or she should look carefully into what he or she buys . i'm positive that after such an experience everyone says that the oven is a really important invention for our lifes . 
i think the oven is one of the most important inventions . if there is someone who doesn't agree with me , he or she should try to live for one month without using an oven . in addition to that , he or she should look carefully into what he or she buys . i'm positive that after such an experience everyone would say that the oven is a really important invention for our lives . 
i'm thanking the person who invented the oven . thank you ! 
i'd like to thank the person who invented the oven . thank you ! 
dear mrs . smith , 
dear mrs . smith , 
i am writing in reply to your letter . i am sorry about richard brown . and i understand that you need help , so that i will help you as far as i can . 
i am writing in reply to your letter . i am sorry about richard brown . and i understand that you need help , so i will help you as far as i can . 
firstly , the hotel which ha been booked for you is palace hotel that is located close to the conference . in order to get from the hotel to the conference , you just need to take the bus we will offer . secondly , the end-of-conference party will take place in the same hall as the conference at 6 p . m . , which includes dinner and an announcement by the president of the conference . the party is arranged as a casual party , therefore , you can wear comfortable clothes . you can expect to meet many students from other schools as well . finally , if you want to have an exciting experience in here , i strongly suggest that you go to the musicals . as you may hear , our city is well known for the musicals . or , if you want to relax , you can take a walk in the park situated in ten minutes distance on foot from the hotel . whatever you choose , you will be satisfied with your choice . 
firstly , the hotel which has been booked for you is palace hotel which is located close to the conference . in order to get from the hotel to the conference , you just need to take the bus we will provide . secondly , the end-of-conference party will take place in the same hall as the conference at 6 p . m . , which includes dinner and an announcement by the president of the conference . the party is arranged as a casual party , therefore , you can wear comfortable clothes . you can expect to meet many students from other schools as well . finally , if you want to have an exciting experience here , i strongly suggest that you go to the musicals . as you may have heard , our city is well known for the musicals . or , if you want to relax , you can take a walk in the park situated at ten minutes' distance on foot from the hotel . whatever you choose , you will be satisfied with your choice . 
if you have more questions about the conference and something else , do not hesitate to ask me . i would be glad to be able to help you . 
if you have more questions about the conference or anything else , do not hesitate to ask me . i would be glad to be able to help you . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
some inventions are not regarded as great things even though the life without them cannot be imagined . people do not have the impression on important inventions any more , because they have been getting more popular and common . 
some inventions are not regarded as great things even though life without them cannot be imagined . people do not have the impression on important inventions any more , because they have been getting more popular and common . 
however , there is something which is still believed that it was an extreamly important invention . this is electricity invented by edison . from my point of view , the reason why electricity is such an important invention is that most of machines , appliances and equipments which are used in modern times can be operated with only electricity , which makes people not to too much phisical labour . what is more , many inventions have been accelerated by electricity . 
however , there is something about which it is still believed that it was an extremely important invention . this is electricity , invented by edison . in my opinion , the reason why electricity is such an important invention is that most machines , appliances and equipment which are used in modern times can only be operated with electricity , which makes people not do too much physical labour . what is more , many inventions have been accelerated by electricity . 
in my life , i use electricity in many different ways . at night , i can study because of it . and also it saves my time which would be used up for doing housework such as laundry , cleaning rooms and ironing . it makes my life more convenient than that without it . 
in my life , i use electricity in many different ways . at night , i can study because of it . and it also saves my time which would be used up doing housework such as laundry , cleaning rooms and ironing . it makes my life more convenient than it would be without it . 
to sum up , although people do not feel that electricity is a great invention any more , the fact that electricity is one of the most important inventions in the world will not be changed . 
to sum up , although people do not feel that electricity is a great invention any more , the fact that electricity is one of the most important inventions in the world will not be changed . 
12th june 2001
12th june 2001
dar mrs . maria smith , 
dear mrs . maria smith , 
i am very glad to help you about the international student conference . i hope that our friend richard brown doesn't have any serious willness . 
i am very glad to help you with the international student conference . i hope that our friend richard brown doesn't have any serious illness illnesses . 
referent , where is the conference . this will be in the casino hotel and we don't need to worry for the best way because in all the main routes in devonport have signs with correct way to the popular hotel . 
referent , where is the conference ? this will be in the casino hotel and we don't need to worry about the best way to get there because all the main routes in devonport have signs that show the correct way to this popular hotel . 
after finish the conference , there is a party in same hotel . in this party there are ; some foods , soft drinks , music and a special place for dancing . this party is for the students so the kinds of clouthes won't be so formal . 
after the conference , there is a party in the same hotel . at this party , there will be some food , soft drinks , music and a special place for dancing . this party is for the students so the clothes won't be so formal . 
on the day free before catch our plane . we could chouse two options for spending our free time . one is a guide tour on center city , and another is visiting the chocolate factory . 
on the free day before catching our plane , we can choose between two options for spending our free time . one is a guided tour of the centre city city centre , and another is visiting the chocolate factory . 
please , if you have any more question , please call me at 38755980 . 
please , if you have any more questions , please call me on 38755980 . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
i can live without this . 
i can live without this . 
it's true . in our lifes , may be , couldn't be without electricity . some people can live without this , but i am sure that the world would be very different . 
it's true . in our lives , maybe , couldn't be without electricity . some people can live without this , but i am sure that the world would be very different . 
when we are using different equipments in our houses , we are using the electricity . small things but very importants in our lifes . for example: t . v . , computer , just light and a long list that now i can not write . 
when we use different equipment in our homes , we are using electricity . small things but very important in our lives . for example: t . v . , computer , just light and a long list that now i cannot write . 
i don't like tinking , my house of my life , without all this facilities . in winter when is dark very early , and after , i need to spent my free time in home . what i can do without my music and my computer . 
i don't like thinking of my house or my life without all these facilities . in winter when it gets dark very early , and after , i need to spend my free time at home . what can i do without my music and my computer ? 
now , just you need to think that you would do or what would happen in a city , with a car , aeroplans , shoops , all these things without lights . 
now , you just need to think that you would do or what would happen in a city , with a car , aeroplanes , shops , all these things without lights . 
finally . i think that everybody know that the electricity is very important invent and for me it is the best . 
finally , i think that everybody knows that electricity is a very important invention and for me it is the best . 
dear mrs smith , 
dear mrs smith , 
thanks for your last letter and i am sorry for not giving you enough information . 
thanks for your last letter and i am sorry about not giving you enough information . 
we have already booked a 4 stars hotel - palace hotel , which is near the river thames , in walton-on-thames . it is not far away from the station so we will go there by train . the end-of-conference party will be held in an india restaurant , that is next to the hotel . it is surposed to be held during 7 pm to 11 pm . also there are some competitions and exciting games after dinner and disco is also provided . you can wear anything you like , we would like you to be just yourself and have fun . 
we have already booked a 4-star hotel - the palace hotel , which is near the river thames , in walton-on-thames . it is not far away from the station so we will go there by train . the end-of-conference party will be held in an indian restaurant , which is next to the hotel . it is supposed to be from 7 pm to 11 pm . also there are some competitions and exciting games after dinner and a disco is also provided . you can wear anything you like . we would like you just to be yourself and have fun . 
as you know , our area is quite famous and lots of people come and visit it every year . there are so many things to do , unfortunately , there is just 3 hours . i recommend the high street in the centre of our area because it is quite good for shopping . so you can buy gifts for your friends or families . 
as you know , our area is quite famous and lots of people come and visit it every year . there are so many things to do . unfortunately , there are just 3 hours . i recommend the high street in the centre of our area because it is quite good for shopping . so you can buy gifts for your friends or families . 
i hope i have given you enough information and if you still have some doubts , please do not hestitate to contact us . 
i hope i have given you enough information and if you still have some questions , please do not hesitate to contact us . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
nowadays , our lives is becoming better and better . lots of great inventions has been invented in order to make people live comfortablely . if you ask me which is the greatest invention of all , i will say that it is the television . 
nowadays , our lives are becoming better and better . lots of great inventions have been invented in order to help people live comfortably . if you ask me which is the greatest invention of all , i will say that it is the television . 
" televisions is just an amazing invention . " my good friend said that . i agree with her . firstly , televisions make us know more about the world without travel it all . if there are no televisions , we won't know what are the other countries like , or even what language they speak unless we go to that country . 
" television is just an amazing invention . " my good friend said that . i agree with her . firstly , televisions let us know more about the world without travelling it all . if there were no televisions , we wouldn't know what were the other countries the other countries were like , or even what language they speak , unless we went to that country . 
secondly , for some points , it can educate young children . many tv programmes are especially made for children , such as " learn follow me " and " be good to others " . actually , they are quite good programmes and helped me know what i should do generally or how to behave nicely when i was still a child . 
secondly , in some ways , it can educate young children . many tv programmes are specially made for children , such as " learn follow me " and " be good to others " . actually , they are quite good programmes and helped me learn what i should do generally or how to behave well when i was still a child . 
the last but not least , it is a good kind of entertainments . maybe you will think that playing basketball , going to cinemas and discos are much better that staying at home sitting in front of an object . however , televisions can bring you the fun that other activities can't . if sometimes i don't want to go out and i don't want to be lonely , that's easy , just turn on the television and enjoy myself . 
last but not least , it is a good kind of entertainment . maybe you think that playing basketball and going to cinemas and discos are much better than staying at home sitting in front of an object . however , televisions can bring you the fun that other activities can't . if sometimes i don't want to go out and i don't want to be lonely , it's easy , i just turn on the television and enjoy myself . 
however , everything has its advantages and disadvantages . personally , i do think televisions is the most important invention . 
however , everything has its advantages and disadvantages . personally , i do think televisions are the most important invention . 
dear mrs . maria smith . 
dear mrs . maria smith , 
i got your letter this morning and i am very pleased to give you some information . 
i got your letter this morning and i am very pleased to give you some information . 
as i know , he booked the palace hotel in downtown . when you go to the conference , you can take a bus or a taxi . but if you have enough time , i would like to recommend to walk . because there are a lot of beatiful trees and you can see the sea . and also it takes just fifteen minutes . i think everybody can enjoy it . 
as i know , he booked the palace hotel in the downtown area . when you go to the conference , you can take a bus or a taxi . but if you have enough time , i would like to recommend walking because there are a lot of beautiful trees and you can see the sea . and also it takes just fifteen minutes . i think everybody can enjoy it . 
by the way the end-of-conference party is a kind of fairwell party . there will be three parts . the first part , the chairman and a few guests will have a speech and the second part , the participacients will evaluate themselves , and the the last part it will provide dinner and drinks . it will be not too formal party . so you can wear what you like . 
by the way , the end-of-conference party is a kind of farewell party . there will be three parts . the first part , the chairman and a few guests will give a speech and the second part , the participants will evaluate themselves , and the last part will consist of dinner and drinks . it will not be too formal a party . so you can wear what you like . 
moreover , i would like to recommend 'city tour' for three hours . everybody an enjoy themselves . it is 12 each and there is a reduction for groups . 
moreover , i would like to recommend a 'city tour' for three hours . everybody will enjoy themselves . it is 12 each and there is a reduction for groups . 
i hope it will be a good tip for you and if you have any problem , you can contact with me any time . and have a nice time in my town and send my regard to richard . 
i hope it will be a good tip for you and if you have any problem , you can contact me anytime . and have a nice time in my town and send my regards to richard . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
nowadays there are a lot of inventions around the world , and they make us more comfortable and convenient . moreover we can not live without them . for example: electricity , computer , telephon , boat , and car ( wheel ) , etc . none of them are unimportant for us . 
nowadays there are a lot of inventions around the world , and they make us more comfortable and our lives more convenient . moreover we cannot live without them . for example: electricity , the computer , telephone , boat , and car ( wheel ) , etc . none of them are unimportant for us . 
but i think the invention of electricity is the most important thing among them . if you look around at home , there are a lot of electric things . electricity could be able to invent other things . it also gave us more free time , especially for women . it has abosolutly reduced women's our house working time . 
but i think the invention of electricity is the most important thing among them . if you look around at home , there are a lot of electric things . electricity made us able to invent other things . it also gave us more free time , especially for women . it has absolutely reduced women's housework time . 
evenmore we can enjoy our night with lights . if we want do something , we can do it at night same as day . 
even more we can enjoy our night we can enjoy our night even more with lights . if we want to do something , we can do it at night the same as in the day . 
finally the quality of our life is changed by electricity . it could reduce our working time and make us enjoyable . it is also advancing more and more . it will give us better future ! 
finally , the quality of our life is changed by electricity . it could reduce our working time and make us enjoyable . it is also advancing more and more . it will give us a better future ! 
have you ever imagined that you would drive electric car ! 
have you ever imagined that you would drive an electric car ! 
12 , june , 2001
12 june , 2001
dear mrs maria smith , 
dear mrs maria smith , 
thank you for your letter about the international student conference . here are answers for your questions . 
thank you for your letter about the international student conference . here are the answers to your questions . 
you will stay in the palace hotel , which is situated in front of the railway station , camberley . to get the conference , you catch the coach no . 7 from the station and get off at the camberley college bus stop . it takes 5 minutes from the station . when you get here , just turn to the left and you will find the stadium where the conference will be held . 
you will stay in the palace hotel , which is situated opposite the railway station , camberley . to get to the conference , you catch the no . 7 coach from the station and get off at the camberley college bus stop . it takes 5 minutes from the station . when you get here , just turn to the left and you will find the stadium where the conference will be held . 
the end-of-conference party will be held at the cafeteria in the college , which is next to the stadium . it starts at 18 p . m . and ends at 22 pm . we will prepare traditional english meals and some students from foreign country will prepare their ethnic foods . 
the end-of-conference party will be held in the cafeteria in the college , which is next to the stadium . it starts at 6 p . m . and ends at 10 pm . we will prepare traditional english meals and some students from foreign countries will prepare their ethnic foods . 
there is a museum next to the camberley station , which has good collection of paintings and potteries , and it would be a good place for you to spend your free time . instead , there are a lot of shops around there , you can buy souvenirs . 
there is a museum next to the camberley station , which has a good collection of paintings and pottery , and it would be a good place for you to spend your free time . also , there are a lot of shops around there . you can buy souvenirs . 
i am looking forward to meeting you . 
i am looking forward to meeting you . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
to: student from the united states
to: student from the united states
from: juli
from: juli
the aim of this report is to describe the haunted castle in camberley . 
the aim of this report is to describe the haunted castle in camberley . 
place
place
this castle is situated in the centre of the town and surrounded by woods . inside of the castle is always dark even in daytime . 
this castle is situated in the centre of the town and surrounded by woods . the inside of the castle is always dark , even in the daytime . 
story
story
it is 500 years old , and it is said to be haunted by a lady ghost . she appears occationaly and opens every window in the castle . it is believed that she was a nanny who worked there and fell out of the window . people said she was seeking something and still seeking even if she had dead for 500 years . 
it is 500 years old , and it is said to be haunted by a lady ghost . she appears occasionally and opens every window in the castle . it is believed that she was a nanny who worked there and fell out of the window . people said she was seeking something and is still seeking it even though she has been dead for 500 years . 
conclusion
conclusion
the ghost story may not be true , but it has good furniture of 16th century , and the castle itself is very beautiful . i think it is worth while to see . 
the ghost story may not be true , but it has good furniture from the 16th century , and the castle itself is very beautiful . i think it is worthwhile seeing it . 
i hope you'll enjoy visiting there . 
i hope you'll enjoy going there . 
dear mrs smith , 
dear mrs smith , 
i have recieved your letter this morning . i am sorry to hear that richard is ill and is unable to attempt the conference; i am glad that you are able to be the leader of the group . i hope that these informations below are very useful to you , during your attempt of conference . 
i have received received your letter this morning . i am sorry to hear that richard is ill and is unable to attend the conference; i am glad that you are able to be the leader of the group . i hope that the information below is very useful to you , during your attendance at the conference . 
i have booked a hotel not far off from our school . the hotel is called epsom down hotel . your plane will arrive in england by 9:00 . there will be a coach waiting for you , and the driver will be next to the information desk . you should arrive at the hotel by 11:00 . you will than have an hour to check in and unpack all your luggage . the conference will start on time at 12:30 , so i would suggest you to leave hotel by 12:00 . the best way to get to the conference is to follow along the collage road and turn left toward the end , you than keep going straight , you will eventually see the main entrance of the collage . when you get into the college you can just ask any boys in the college where to go from then . they all knows where the conference is and when . 
i have booked a hotel not far from our school . the hotel is called the epsom down hotel . your plane will arrive in england by 9:00 . there will be a coach waiting for you , and the driver will be next to the information desk . you should arrive at the hotel by 11:00 . you will then have an hour to check in and unpack all your luggage . the conference will start on time at 12:30 , so i would suggest you leave the hotel by 12:00 . the best way to get to the conference is to follow the college road and turn left toward the end . you then keep going straight . you will eventually see the main entrance to the college . when you get into the college you can just ask any boys in the college where to go from then . they all know where the conference is and when . 
at the end of the conference , we will have a party . the party is to let all the students to know each other better . the party will be in the dance hall next to the conference room . i will suggust them to wear formal clothing , as in tie , trousers and blaser . 
at the end of the conference , we will have a party . the party is to let all the students to get get to know each other better . the party will be in the dance hall next to the conference room . i would suggest they wear formal clothing , such as tie , trousers and blazer . 
for the afternoon free time on the last day . there are a wide variety of choices that they can do . they can play tennis , do athletics , swimming . . . and many other sports event in our school , if they want to . or they can also visit the epsom town . there are shops which sales cloths , foods , and books . . . they can decide what they want to do , it's entirely up to them . 
for the afternoon free time on the last day , there are a wide variety of choices in the things that they can do . they can play tennis , do athletics , swim . . . and many other sports events activities in our school , if they want to . or they can also visit epsom town . there are shops which sell clothes , food , and books . . . they can decide what they want to do . it's entirely up to them . 
i am looking forward to seeing you and hop you have a safe flight over to england . 
i am looking forward to seeing you and hope you have a safe flight over to england . 
your sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
dear group leader , 
dear group leader , 
welcome to taiwan . this report is based on an interesting building , where you can take , for your students to visit . this building is situated in taipei , the capital . the building is called chiang kei-shek momerial hall . nearly everyone knows where this building is , so if you have a chance , just ask the local people in taipei about this building . 
welcome to taiwan . this report is based on an interesting building , where you can take your students . this building is situated in taipei , the capital . the building is called the chiang kei-shek memorial hall . nearly everyone knows where this building is , so if you have a chance , just ask the local people in taipei about this building . 
the momerial hall is surrounded by large playgrounds . as you go into the main hall , you will see a huge statue of chiang kei-shek , this is because the building is the rememberence of how well chiang did in history . the statue is about 20 feet high . next to the statue is protected by the guards , the guards will change every four hours . 
the memorial memorial hall is surrounded by large playgrounds . as you go into the main hall , you will see a huge statue of chiang kei-shek . this is because the building is the remembrance of how well chiang did in history . the statue is about 20 feet high . the statue is protected by guards . the guards will change every four hours . 
apart from the main hall , there are also lots of other gallaries . in these gallaries there are historical paintings , antique furnitures which chiang used . these treasure are very old , even older than the history of america . all these treasures were brought over to taiwan by chiang during the defeat in china . they are all been well look after . 
apart from the main hall , there are also lots of other galleries . in these galleries there are historical paintings and antique furniture which chiang used . these treasures are very old , even older than the history of america . all these treasures were brought over to taiwan by chiang during the defeat in china . they are all being well looked after . 
as well as all the treasures , statue and historical paintings . . . there are also restaurent's and modern gallaries . when you are tired after looking around you might want to buy drinks or something to eat , or if you are fed up with historical thing , you migh as well just pop into the modern gallery to see things which are more modern . 
as well as all the treasures , statues and historical paintings . . . there are also restaurant's restaurants and modern galleries . when you are tired after looking around you might want to buy drinks or something to eat , or if you are fed up with historical things , you might as well just pop into the modern gallery to see things which are more modern . 
finally , if you went to visit this building i will recommend you to stay at a hotel not far from the momerial hall called hyatt hotel . it only take about five minutes if you walk . i hope you will all have a great time in taiwan and i hope you will enjoy the building . 
finally , if you want to visit this building i would recommend you stay at a hotel not far from the memorial hall called the hyatt hotel . it only takes about five minutes if you walk . i hope you will all have a great time in taiwan and i hope you will enjoy the building . 
dear mrs smith , 
dear mrs smith , 
i have received your letter dated on the 12th june 2001 . i am very happy to help you and i hope that the informations , that i am going to give you , will be enough . 
i have received your letter dated the 12th of june 2001 . i am very happy to help you and i hope that the information that i am going to give you will be satisfactory . 
the international student conference will be in the palace hotel in lausanne . the hotel is a big building in the middle of the town near the place " st-franois " . and the name of the street is " grand-chne " . you can not miss it . 
the international student conference will be in the palace hotel in lausanne . the hotel is a big building in the middle of the town near the square , " st-franois " . and the name of the street is " grand-chne " . you cannot miss it . 
after the conference , we are going to stay in the palace hotel but instead to stay in the conference room , we are going to move to the reception room where a dinner will be prepared for us . afterwards , a live band are going to play the rest of the night . for the clothes , you have to wear something smart and classic . 
after the conference , we are going to stay in the palace hotel but instead of staying in the conference room , we are going to move to the reception room where a dinner will be served for us . afterwards , a live band is going to play for the rest of the night . regarding the clothes , you have to wear something smart and classic . 
if you want to stay in lausanne during your afternoon free , the best thing to do is to go to ouchy . there , you can enjoy the landscape and have a sunbath . 
if you want to stay in lausanne during your free afternoon , the best thing to do is to go to ouchy . there , you can enjoy the landscape and sunbathe . 
your sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
olympique museum
olympic museum
the aim of this report is to give further informations on an interesting building to visit in lausanne . it is based on my own experience . 
the aim of this report is to give you further information on an interesting building to visit in lausanne . it is based on my own experience . 
why the olympic museum . 
why the olympic museum ? 
the olympique museum is situated near the lake and offer , for the tourist , an unbelievable view on the mountains and the lake . but also , the museum have a lot of gardens with several statues . besides , the architecture of the building is beautiful and very modern . first of all , the main interest of the museum is the olympic history . you can find a lot of documentary about it and you have several competitors personal objects . in addition , you can play with several interactive game and learn about the rules of the olympic games . 
the olympic museum is situated near the lake and offers , for the tourist , an unbelievable view of the mountains and the lake . but also the museum has a lot of gardens with several statues . also , the architecture of the building is beautiful and very modern . first of all , the main interest of the museum is olympic history . you can find a lot of documentaries documents about it and you have several competitors personal objects . in addition , you can play several interactive games and learn about the rules of the olympic games . 
reasons of recommendation . 
reasons for recommendation . 
the principal reason is the cheapest price . you pay only to frs for the entry and you can stay in all the time that you want . on the other hand , if you are more than 10 people , you can have a group price and pay only 6 frs per person . it seems that this solution might be the best way to visit this museum . 
the principal reason is the cheap price . you pay only to frs for entry and you can stay all the time that you want . on the other hand , if there are more than 10 people , you can pay a group price and pay only 6 frs per person . it seems that this option might be the best way to visit this museum . 
conclusion . 
conclusion . 
to sum up , the olympic museum is a very attractive place and could be a good trip with your family or your student group . therefore , if you want to learn something about the olympic games , it must be the best place for this . 
to sum up , the olympic museum is a very attractive place and could be a good trip with your family or your student group . therefore , if you want to learn something about the olympic games , it must be the best place for you . 
dear maria , 
dear maria , 
i'm so happy to help you for this international student conference . i'm afraid for richard . could you please tell him my best wishes of health ? i'm sure you can perfectly replace it to lead your group . 
i'm so happy to help you with this international student conference . i'm sorry to hear about richard . could you please give him my best wishes for his health ? i'm sure that you can perfectly replace him to lead your group . 
at first , you should know that you are booked into the palace hotel that is one of the best in the town . the access to the conference place is very easy . first of all , you must walk down to the central street until you arrive at the bus stop , then you take the bus number two that goes directly to the college . 
first , you should know that you are booked into the palace hotel , that is one of the best in the town . the access to the conference place is very easy . first of all , you must walk down central street until you arrive at the bus stop , then you take the number two bus that goes directly to the college . 
after the conference , there is a great party that is organised by friends . it starts at twenty o'clock until the end of the night , so be ready ! there is no special thema for the wearing style but it should be more fun if you wear something crazy . . . 
after the conference , there is a great party that is being organised by friends . it starts at eight o'clock until the end of the night , so be prepared ! there is no special theme for the wearing style dress code but it would be more fun if you wear something crazy . . . 
finally , i propose you to go to the new college swimmingpool on the last day afternoon . every body will go there . i hope you will have fun ! 
finally , i suggest you go to the new college swimming pool on the last day in the afternoon . everybody will go there . i hope you will have fun ! 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
hello , 
hello , 
i will give you some informations on the yverdon's castle . this building is one of the oldest that stays in the landscape of the town . i think its important to see it when you come there because it shows us how the town had been developped around it since its creation . 
i will give you some information on yverdon's castle . this building is one of the oldest that is in the landscape of the town . i think it's important to see it when you come here because it shows us how the town had been developed has been developed around it since its creation . 
those days , the castle is being remade , so there is a lot of construction engines around it . that's not a big problem because there is a complete museum in it where you can see old pictures of the castle during the centuries . there is a lot of old items that were in the king's family . 
these days , the castle is being remade , so there is a lot of construction machinery around it . that's not a big problem because there is a complete museum inside it where you can see old pictures of the castle over the centuries . there are a lot of old items that were in the king's family . 
you should have probably heard about the mummy who sleeps there for about two thousand years . . . you can see it in the dungeon . so you can visit everywhere you want with or without a guide . i hope you will enjoy the visit and i wish you a nice holliday in yverdon . 
you would have probably heard about the mummy who has slept there for about two thousand years . . . you can see it in the dungeon . so you can visit everywhere you want with or without a guide . i hope you will enjoy the visit and i wish you a nice holiday in yverdon . 
best regards , 
best regards , 
dear mrs smith , 
dear mrs smith , 
thank you for your letter . i will try my best to answer the questions . 
thank you for your letter . i will try my best to answer the questions . 
first of all , we have already booked the five-stars hotel for your group . it is a modern hotel , near our college , and it is also very convenent to come from the airport . you can take both by buses or taxies . the nember 101 bus starts from the airport , than you can get off from " city college " stop . it would be a great chance to tark part in the party for everyone . this is just a relaxing party , just for the members have a chance to relax and make friends . so i think you'd better to wear a dress . 
first of all , we have already booked the five-star hotel for your group . it is a modern hotel , near our college , and it is also very convenient for the airport . you can take either bus or taxies . the number 101 bus leaves from the airport , then you can get off at the " city college " stop . it would be a great chance to take part in attend the party for everyone for everyone to attend the party . this is just a relaxing party , just so the members have a chance to relax and make friends . so i think you'd better wear a dress . 
finally , about the free three hours , my personal prefer to go shopping . our city has got the biggest shoping centre in south england , there gathers so many shops . it worthes tp spend time and money on that . 
finally , about the three free hours , my personal preference is to go shopping . our city has got the biggest shopping centre in south england . there are so many shops . it is worth to spend spending time and money on that . 
i look forward to seeing you ! 
i look forward to seeing you ! 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
nowdays people have become used to watching televesion's programs everyday . the tv is so important that you can see it in every family , and it is a essential equipment for everyone . 
nowadays people have become used to watching television's television programmes every day . the tv is so important that you can see one in every home , and it is an essential item for everyone . 
first of al , in my opinion , tv has a great education functions , and also makes the world become small . you can just sit at home then you can know what is happening all over the world at the moment . i would rather watching the news on tv in stead of reading in newspaper or hearing on radio because the news on tv are vivid . 
first of all , in my opinion , tv has a great educational function , and it also makes the world smaller . you can just sit at home and you can know what is happening all over the world at that moment . i would rather watch the news on tv instead of reading a newspaper or listening to the radio because the news on tv is vivid . 
moreover , the tv is a great company for the people who live alone or feel alone . i would like to open tv when i stay at home . someone are talking , laughting , crying on there , so join them , you will feel much better than just yourself . some tv programs are enjouable ! 
moreover , the tv is great company for people who live alone or feel alone . i like to turn on the tv when i stay at home . someone is talking , laughing , crying on there , so join them . you will feel much better than you would just by yourself . some tv programmes are enjoyable ! 
however , tv also has some disadvantages . you might just sitting in front of tv for hours learn nothing , or no more talk with your family . i think this is the badest influence in the society . 
however , tv also has some disadvantages . you might just sit in front of the tv for hours learning nothing , or no longer talk with your family . i think this is the worst influence in society . 
in clucsion , the tv has both advantages and disagvangtages , but on the whole advantages is greater than disadvantages . so , but on the whole , tv still is a wonderful and important invention on the world . 
in conclusion , tv has both advantages and disadvantages , but on the whole the advantages are greater than the disadvantages . so on the whole , tv still is a wonderful and important invention on the world . 
dear mrs smith , 
dear mrs smith , 
i am writing to you to give you more informations about an international student conference . 
i am writing to you to give you more information about the international student conference . 
the group has been booked into king hotel at high street which is very easy to find . and the best way to get from there to the conference is following the rod in front of the hotel to the right , then cross the zebra crossing to the opposite side . after that walk to the right about 15 metres and you will find the conference place which is called white house . 
the group has been booked into the king hotel on high street , which is very easy to find . and the best way to get from there to the conference is by following the road in front of the hotel to the right , then cross the zebra crossing to the opposite side . after that walk to the right about 15 metres and you will find the conference venue , which is called the white house . 
at the end of conference , we are going to have an international dinner as well as some shows from the students in my college . as this is a special conference so you could wear your own national dress to present your country . 
at the end of the conference , we are going to have an international dinner as well as some shows from the students in my college . as this is a special conference you could wear your own national dress to represent your country . 
finally , on the last day you could spend your free time to visit our town hall which you will be able to learn more about my area - or do some shopping at high street . 
finally , on the last day you could spend your free time visiting our town hall where you will be able to learn more about my area - or you could do some shopping on high street . 
if you want more information , please contact me and i am looking forward to seeing you soon . 
if you want more information , please contact me and i am looking forward to seeing you soon . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
dear mr. bill , 
dear mr. bill , 
i am writing to give an information on a very interesting building to visit . it is called penrhyh castle , as the building will tell you all about wales . 
i am writing to give information on a very interesting building . it is called penrhyh castle , and this building will tell you all about wales . 
on the positive side , you and the group will be abe to learn more about welsh art works which are presented on the wall , on the door and some furnitures . the building itself looks splendid and beautiful . 
on the positive side , you and the group will be able to learn more about welsh artworks which are presented on the wall , on the door and some furniture . the building itself looks splendid and beautiful . 
on the other hand , you might find something which is very boring such as walking along the old wooden floor which causes some noise . and some old toilets might look awlful . 
on the other hand , you might find something which is very boring such as walking along the old wooden floor which causes some noise . and some old toilets might look awful . 
but in my recommendation , i think it would be nice for the students to come and see this building . because they will be able to learn and compare with the place in their country . as wales is not modern like america , so the students will probably get the idea of looking back to the old things . 
but in my opinion , i think in my opinion it would be nice for the students to come and see this building , because they will be able to learn and compare the place with their country . as wales is not modern like america , the students will probably get an interest in looking at old things . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
dear mrs maria smith . 
dear mrs maria smith , 
i was really pleased to receive at your letter . unfortunately richard brown is ill but i can help you as much as i can . so , i'm writting to reply for giving all the information you asked for . 
i was really pleased to receive your letter . unfortunately richard brown is ill but i can help you as much as i can . so , i'm writing to reply to give all the information you asked for . 
firstly , we've booked palace hotel , which is located in central . the best way to get from the hotel to the conference its using tube because it takes only 20 mininute . the tube is 2 line which is red colour . and your speach would be better for the end of conference party . i'd suggest you to wear at least , semi formal wears such as a jacket with another clothes . 
firstly , we've booked palace hotel , which is located in central . the best way to get from the hotel to the conference is using the tube because it takes only 20 minute minutes . the tube is line 2 which is red . and your speech would be better for the end of conference party . i'd suggest you wear at least , semi-formal clothes such as a jacket with other clothes . 
finally , i give you some suggestions which could spend for about 3 hours in the national museum in my area . the museum can be helpful to understand our country's history and art . 
finally , i give you some suggestions which could spend for about 3 hours in the national museum in my area . the museum can be helpful to understand our country's history and art . 
i look forward to seeing you soon . 
i look forward to seeing you soon . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
computer is the most important invention in our life . 
the computer is the most important invention in our life . 
some people might say the electricity more important than another thingh . it's hard to say which is the most important invention . however , i'd say computer is more amazing invention rather than another inventions such as the telephone , the car . recently computer is really necessary and we can't manage to work without them . not only is for bussiness , but also in for my life . for instance , when i want to contanct with to my friend , it's quite helpful by using e-mail . before computer had been invented , we couldn't possibly have lots of information easily and we couldn't contact with to foreign countries at the same time . 
some people might say electricity is more important than any other thing . it's hard to say which is the most important invention . however , i'd say the computer is a more amazing invention rather than other inventions such as the telephone , the car . recently the computer has become really necessary and we can't manage to work without them . not only for bussiness , but also in my life . for instance , when i want to contact my friend , it's quite helpful to use e-mail . before the computer had been invented , we couldn't possibly have lots of information easily and we couldn't contact foreign countries at the same time . 
and also it's time to make new system which makes us use easier and more simple , so far more people can enjoy computer more than before . 
and also it's time to make new systems which makes use easier and more simple , so far more people can enjoy computers than before . 
despite amazing invention , some times computer makes big problem , such as millennium bug ( some people called " 2000 problem " ) , because computer not flexible enough like a human's brain . however , computer is worth to use in our life until more coveniance machine will be invented . 
despite being an amazing invention , sometimes the computer causes a big problem , such as the millennium bug ( some people called it the " 2000 problem " ) , because computers are not flexible enough like a human's brain . however , the computer is worth using in our life until a more convenient machine is invented . 
dear mrs . smith , 
dear mrs . smith , 
thank you for your letter . i am very pleased to give you the information you requested . 
thank you for your letter . i am very pleased to give you the information you requested . 
we are holding the conference party at the royal lancaster hotel - banqueting room at 2 . 00 pm on sat . 24 june . the nearest tube station is lancaster gate . 
we are holding the conference party at the royal lancaster hotel - banqueting room at 2 . 00 pm on sat . 24 june . the nearest tube station is lancaster gate . 
as you know , we've been working very hard all this term . so we've decided at the end-of-conference party , we will have a buffet and a disco party . our students , then will get to know each other well . i would suggest everybody to wear a casual dresses . 
as you know , we've been working very hard all this term . so we've decided at the end-of-conference party we will have a buffet and a disco party . our students then will get to know each other well . i would suggest everybody wear casual dress . 
finally , i would recommend you and your group to enjoy shopping and sightseeing around oxford street and nearby . 
finally , i would recommend you and your group enjoy try shopping and sightseeing around oxford street and nearby . 
i look forward to see you and your group soon . 
i look forward to seeing you and your group soon . 
your sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
to: the group leader
to: the group leader
from:
from:
re: the barbican centre . 
re: the barbican centre . 
as you requested which is the interesting building to visit . i would strongly recommend the barbican centre building in the city . 
as you asked which is the most interesting building to visit , i would strongly recommend the barbican centre building in the city . 
it located in the city and the nearest tube station is moorgate station . the barbican centre built in 1975 . apart from banks and important offices . there are also world stock market exchange , an opera theatre , shopping arcades , books and records stores . it also held an internation exhibition all year round . recently , the exhibition of africa just finished . the opening time starts from 7 . 30 am . till late at night when the theatre is closed . the building is huge with high technology and construction and a tight security . it upgraded the building every year . 
it is located in the city and the nearest tube station is moorgate station . the barbican centre was built in 1975 . apart from banks and important offices , there are also the world stock-market exchange , an opera theatre , shopping arcades , and book and record stores . it also holds an international exhibition all year round . recently , the exhibition of africa african exhibition just finished . it is open from 7 . 30 am . till late at night when the theatre closes . the building is huge with modern technology and construction and tight security . it is upgraded the building every year . 
the barbican centre is a very important building in london . you and your group will visit one building which has so many places in this building . so that you can spend your time in one go . 
the barbican centre is a very important building in london . you and your group will visit one building which has very many places in this building . so you can spend your time in one go . 
dear mrs maria smith
dear mrs smith
thank you for your letter which arrived me this morning . 
thank you for your letter which arrived this morning . 
of course it is a pity that mr. brown has been ill , but we are happy that you are comeing now . you asked me which hotel the group had been booked . it is the palace hotel , about a mile away where the conference will take place . 
of course it is a pity that mr. brown has been ill , but we are happy that you are coming now . you asked me which hotel the group had been booked into . it is the palace hotel , about a mile away from where the conference will take place . 
the best way to get there , is to take the bus number 7 . the bus stop is opposite the entrance of the hotel . you will leave the bus at , , royal gardens " . turn left and go straight to , , baker street " at the need of this street there is the house number 18 . this is our college . 
the best way to get there is to take the number 7 bus . the bus stop is opposite the entrance of the hotel . you will get off the bus at " royal gardens " . turn left and go straight along " baker street " . at the end of this street there is a house , number 18 . this is our college . 
you wish to know all about , , the end-of-conference party . as far as i can see there will be only a little dinner and a group of young singers will surprise us by their songs . 
you wish to know all about the end-of-conference party . as far as i can see , there will be only a little dinner and a group of young singers will surprise us with their songs . 
moreover you asked what to wear . do not bother . i would recommend you wearing some casual clothes , like a jeans , a blouse or a skirt and a jacket . donnot forget to wear a pair of comfortable shoes , because you will not have chance to change it . 
moreover you asked what to wear . do not worry . i would recommend you wear some casual clothes , like jeans , a blouse or a skirt and a jacket . do not forget to wear a pair of comfortable shoes , because you will not have the chance to change them . 
finally i give you some advise for what you could do for about three hours . 
finally i will give you some advice about what you could do for about three hours . 
firstly we have a nice and interesting museum , it is located near the hotel . 
firstly , we have a nice interesting museum , it is located near the hotel . 
furthemore there is the zoo with a lot of different animals , located to walk within five minutes . 
furthermore also , there is the zoo with a lot of different animals , located walk within five minutes' within five minutes' walk . 
lastly there is also a very old and famous church , with many coloured windows . 
lastly , there is also a very old and famous church , with many coloured windows . 
for further information please call me up . i hope you will have an interesting conference here . 
for further information , please call me . i hope you will have an interesting conference here . 
i am looking forward seeing you 
i am looking forward to seeing you . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
the telephone a very important invention 
the telephone : a very important invention . 
in my early childhood my mother said to me that when she has been a litte girl there has been only one telephone in the house where she had lived . it has been in her parents' appartement . the neighbours had come into to make their calls and to get their calls . 
in my early childhood my mother said to me that when she was a little girl there was only one telephone in the building where she lived . it was in her parents' apartment . the neighbours came to make their calls and to get their calls . 
todays nobody could imagine such a situation . 
today nobody could imagine such a situation . 
in every household there is a telephone at least . 
in every household there is one telephone at least . 
there are a lot of advantages for it . 
there are a lot of advantages to it . 
firstly people are able to talk to person on every time . be it : just for fun or also to discuss some important and relevant thins . moreover we always can call for help to the police , to the hospital or to a doctor . this could save life ! 
firstly , people are able to talk to a person at any time , be it just for fun or to discuss some important and relevant things . moreover we can always call the police , the hospital or a doctor for help . this could save your life ! 
an other advantage is that all offices , firms and industries could not further exist without it . 
another advantage is that all offices , firms and industries could not exist without it . 
of course there is also a big disadvantage . 
of course there is also a big disadvantage . 
all people know this situation ; people want not to be interrupted , maybe they are reading a book , having a good talk or are having a little sleep . . . then the telephone rings . . . ! it is not an easy desicion how to react now . being sincere , most of us would go to the telephone . 
all people know this situation : people want not to be interrupted , maybe they are reading a book , having a good talk or are having a little sleep . . . then the telephone rings . . . ! it is not an easy decision how to react now . being sincere , most of us would go to the telephone . 
another point of disadvantage is that the mobile phones are ringing . everywhere and on every time . especially youngsters misuse this kind of invention . 
another point of disadvantage is that mobile phones are ringing everywhere and all the time . especially youngsters misuse this kind of invention . 
to sum up this invention is one of the most useful things . it is always the same how to people use it or not and how people handle it . 
to sum up , this invention is one of the most useful things . it is always the same how people use it or not and how people handle it . 
dear mrs maria smith
dear mrs maria smith
thankyou for your letter , wich arrived yesterday . i hope to give you , all the information need and please , if you want more information or somenthing is not clear , please don't esitate to contact me again . 
thank you for your letter , which arrived yesterday . i hope to give you all the information you need and , please , if you want more information or something is not clear , please don't hesitate to contact me again . 
the hotel is near the station and is call " grand placad " . when you arrived you take the train for guildford and after you have just across the road , in front of the station . 
the hotel is near the station and is called " grand placad " . when you arrive you take the train to guildford and after that you just have cross to cross the road in front of the station . 
it's very confortable hotel where you can find everything you need . 
it's a very comfortable hotel where you can find everything you need . 
from there to the conference you have to take the bus number 50 , that stop near the hotel and arrive in town center . the conference is organised in the civic hall so it is very simple to found it . at the end of conference there is a party a perfect opportunity for your students meet new friends from all part of word and they could speak about their experience . 
from there to the conference you have to take the number 50 bus , which stops near the hotel and arrives in the town centre . the conference is held in the civic hall so it is very easy to find it . at the end of the conference there is a party , a perfect opportunity for your students make to make new friends from all parts of the world and they can talk about their experience . 
i suggest for that conference to wear somenthing very confortable but elegant , the organisation want for all boys wear jacket , the tie is not necessary . 
i suggest for this conference for this conference i suggest wearing something very comfortable but elegant . the organisation wants all the men to wear a jacket , but a tie is not necessary . 
i don't know rely what you can see , three hours i think is not enough but near the station there is a beautiful garden popular for its variety of flowers . 
i don't know really really know what you should see ; i don't think three hours is enough but near the station there is a beautiful park , popular for its variety of flowers . 
if i found somenthing special to visit in three hours i call you . 
if i find something special you will be able to visit in three hours i will call you . 
your sincerely
yours sincerely
dear ser or madam 
dear sir or madam 
it is very nice of you to come and visit my town . 
it is very nice of you to come and visit my town . 
in that area there are a lot of things you can see and some interesting building to visit . the best building you must see is the cathedral . it is the more important church in that area for its architeture . 
in this area there are a lot of things you can see and some interesting buildings to visit . the best building you must see is the cathedral . it is the most important church in this area because of its architecture . 
it is somenthing very particular , its paviment made from many small pecis of wood , its windows with many colours , it is fantastic . 
it is something very special . its pavement ceiling is made from many small pieces of wood . its windows with many colours . it is fantastic . 
it was built on the top of the hill and around there is only a huge field . you can arrive here wolking because the bus stop just on the bottom of the hill . 
it is built on the top of the hill and around it there is only a huge field . you can get there walking walk there because the bus stops just at the bottom of the hill . 
but really you must see it , the position of the cathedral give you a somenthing special a big tranquility . 
but really you must see it . the position of the cathedral gives you a something special special something a great tranquillity . 
i hope you like it . 
i hope you like it . 
i look farword to hearing from you
i look forward to hearing from you
best regardes 
best regards 
dear maria , 
dear maria , 
i hope that all the information you need would be answered satisfactorialy . 
i hope that all the information you need will be provided satisfactorily . 
first of all you have been booked at the palace hotel . 
first of all you have been booked in at the palace hotel . 
secondly the best way to go from the hotel to the conference center is to use one of the shutel buses we provide at this efect . they are going to leave at 9 o'clock . 
secondly the best way to go from the hotel to the conference centre is to use one of the shuttle buses we provide at this effect event . they are going to leave at 9 o'clock . 
concerning the end conference party . it is going to take place in the same hotel , the palace hotel , we suggest casual dressing for this special event . 
concerning the end of conference end-of-conference party , it is going to take place in the same hotel , the palace hotel . we suggest casual dress for this special event . 
finaly , concerning your free afternoon , there are plenty of activities , but i suggest you , to visit the caldea center wich is a very special bath center . 
finally , concerning your free afternoon , there are plenty of activities , but i suggest you visit the caldea centre , which is a very special bath centre . 
if you need futher information do not hesitate to contact us . 
if you need further information do not hesitate to contact us . 
your sincerely
yours sincerely
dear jhon , 
dear jhon , 
in your previous letter you asked information about interesting building to visit in my country . 
in your previous letter you asked for information about interesting buildings to visit in my country . 
there are plenty of churchs , cathedrals , and olds cotages . the churchs and the cathedral are very intesting because of their differents romanics styles . i suggest you visit first the cathedral of " le seu d'mrgell " because it is the most emblematic building in the area . 
there are plenty of churches , cathedrals , and old cottages . the churches and the cathedral are very interesting because of their different romanic romanic styles . i suggest you visit first the cathedral of " le seu d'mrgell " because it is the most emblematic building in the area . 
if you are interested by more moderns buildings i can suggest you to visit " caldea " which is a very modern bath centre with a beautiful architecture . 
if you are interested in more modern buildings i suggest you visit " caldea " , which is a very modern bath centre with beautiful architecture . 
finaly if none of my suggestion fit with yours expectations , let me kwon more about what kind of buildings you are interested in and i'll do all my best to find something more suitable . 
finally if none of my suggestions fit with your expectations , let me know more about what kind of buildings you are interested in and i'll do my best to find something more suitable . 
best regards
best regards
dear mrs . brown
dear mrs . brown
i am writing to inform you about a party that we decided to organise for mr. brown's birthday . 
i am writing to inform you about a party that we have decided to organise for mr. brown's birthday . 
i want to ask you to come to our party and also to help us about what present shall we buy for mr. brown . 
i want to ask you to come to our party and also to help us with what present should we we should buy for mr. brown . 
to begin with , i must explain to you that the party is a surprise for mr. brown and it would take place on tuesday 16th of june from 3:00 to 6:00 pm at the college canteen . some of the children will bring food and also there would be nice music too . 
to begin with , i must explain to you that the party is a surprise for mr. brown and it will take place on tuesday 16th of june from 3:00 to 6:00 pm at the college canteen . some of the children will bring food and also there will be nice music too . 
also , i want to mention that all the class will come , all the teachers will be there , and the principal will come too . 
also , i want to mention that all the class will come , all the teachers will be there , and the principal will come too . 
finally , i want to ask you about mr. brown's present . we dont have any idea what to buy for him . can you help us ? i think that a good present could be a cd or a book . what do you think ? 
finally , i want to ask you about mr. brown's present . we don't have any idea what to buy for him . can you help us ? i think that a good present could be a cd or a book . what do you think ? 
we hope to see you at the party and have a wonderfull time together . 
we hope to see you at the party and have a wonderful time together . 
i will look forward to hearing from you soon . 
i will look forward to hearing from you soon . 
my favourite season of the year is summer . i think that most of the people love summer , especially the people in greece . i dont know why but the summer it is the most beautiful season . all the scenery with the lovely sun , the wonderful beaches , the green mountains and the smell of the sea , make me feel great . 
my favourite season of the year is summer . i think that most people love summer , especially the people in greece . i don't know why but the summer is the most beautiful season . all the scenery with the lovely sun , the wonderful beaches , the green mountains and the smell of the sea , make me feel great . 
i live in greece , and especially in an island , so i know very well what summer means . it means swimming at the wonderfull beaches , tasting the delicious foods ad having wonderful time every day and every night with your friends . 
i live in greece , and to be exact on an island , so i know very well what summer means . it means swimming at the wonderful beaches , tasting the delicious food and having a wonderful time every day and every night with your friends . 
also it means to meet other people , to have fun together , to travel at all the places of the island . i think that the summer makes people to feel great , to have fun , to enjoy themselves . i believe that the summer is a season for everybody who wants to have wonderful time and wonderful memories wherever the go . 
also it means meeting other people , having fun together , travelling to all the places on the island . i think that the summer makes people feel great , have fun , enjoy themselves . i believe that the summer is a season for everybody who wants to have a wonderful time and wonderful memories wherever they go . 
dear mrs brown , 
dear mrs brown , 
i am writing you because my class want to give a surprise birthday party for your husband mr brown . we need your help for the details . 
i am writing to you because my class want to give a surprise birthday party for your husband mr brown . we need your help with the details . 
first of all could you let us know if the date of june 16th is all right with his timetable program . we have organised to do the party between three to six o'clock in afternoon in college canteen , about food we organised a buffet , but could you also help us with the music which he prefer , if prefer something especialy . we have invite the student , the teachers and the principal of school but we appreciate if you are coming . at last would you tell us which is the best present for him a compact disk or a book . 
first of all , could you let us know if the date of june 16th is all right with his timetable ? we have organised to hold holding the party between three and six o'clock in the afternoon in the college canteen , about the food , we have organised a buffet , but could you also help us with the music which he prefers , if he prefers something especially in particular . we have invited the students , the teachers and the principal of the school but we would appreciate it if you came . finally would you tell us which is the best present for him , a compact disk or a book ? 
we want say thanks again for your help and you must be sure that your opinion it would be valuable to us . 
we want to say thanks again for your help and you must be sure that your opinion would be valuable to us . 
i am looking forward to receiving your answer and don't forget that it is a surprice birthday party . 
i am looking forward to receiving your answer and don't forget that it is a surprise birthday party . 
yours faithfuly , 
yours faithfully sincerely , 
family life in our days is very important because both of parents work and they haven't any time for children . in addition childrens have so much lessons at school that they doesn't have enough spare time to see their parents , when they are in home . 
family life nowadays is very important because both parents work and they haven't any time for the children . in addition children have so many lessons at school that they don't have enough spare time to see their parents , when they are at home . 
in spide that fact there are of course many families especialy in small towns which eat lunch all together and they they solve their problem all together . parents play with children and have fun . and the difference in that children is effectivily when they grown up and want to make a family they do the same with their parents and make a happy family . 
in spite of that fact there are of course many families especially in small towns who eat lunch all together and then they solve their problem all together . parents play with their children and have fun . and the difference is that those children are effectively effective when they grow up and want to have a family , they do the same as their parents and have a happy family . 
besides that the most importand is that this children have an easy teenaties and they haven't go pshycological problems and they are useful in sociaty . 
besides that the most important thing is that these children have an easy adolescence and they haven't got psychological problems and they are useful in society . 
to sum up family life is the most important think for childrens phycological wold which help them in their education , job and their married in future . so we also try to make our time creative when we are with our children . 
to sum up , family life is the most important thing for children's psychological world which helps them in their education , job and their marriage in future . so we also try to make our time creative when we are with our children . 
dear mrs brown , 
dear mrs brown , 
i am one of your husband's students . my fellow students and i know that your husband has his birthday on tuesday the 16th of june and we would like to organise a party for him . 
i am one of your husband's students . my fellow students and i know that your husband has his birthday on tuesday the 16th of june and we would like to organise a party for him . 
first of all i would like to suggested you to come to our party and we would like not to tell anything to your husband because the party is a surprise . 
first of all i would like to suggest that you come to our party and we would like you not to tell your husband anything because the party is a surprise . 
the party will be organised on tuesday the 16th of june at three to six pm at college canteen . we will have food and drink and we will have music because we know that mr brown loves music . at the party will come his students , the teachers and the principal . my last question is about present . my fellow students have suggested to buy a cd or a book . we would like to tell us which is the best present for him . 
the party will be organised on tuesday the 16th of june at three to six pm in the college canteen . we will have food and drink and we will have music because we know that mr brown loves music . to the party will come his students , the teachers and the principal his students , the teachers and the principal will come to the party . my last question is about a present . my fellow students have suggested buying a cd or a book . we would like you to tell us which is the best present for him . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you as soon as possible . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you as soon as possible . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
john said he had some good news to tell me . i didn't beleive him at the first time . but i could se that his face was happy and he didn't tell lies . i stopped talking to my friends and i followed him . we started walking and walking . when we arrived at the bus-station i couldn't understand why he wanted to come there . but i didn't ask him . we wait there for an hour , and i was really angry . i wanted t know why we were there . 
john said he had some good news to tell me . i didn't believe him at first . but i could see that his face was happy and he wasn't telling lies . i stopped talking to my friends and i followed him . we started walking and walking . when we arrived at the bus station i couldn't understand why he wanted to go there . but i didn't ask him . we waited there for an hour , and i was really angry . i wanted to know why we were there . 
at that moment we saw the bus to come , it stopped and one man come and sit near of us . i could recognise him . he was my father . i couldn't beleive i have to see him for five years . i though that i was dreaming but i wasn't . it was true my father has come at his country after five years . 
at that moment we saw the bus come , it stopped and one man came and sat near us . i recognised him . he was my father . i couldn't believe it . i had not seen him for five years . i thought that i was dreaming but i wasn't . it was true ; my father had come to his country after five years . 
now all the problems will finish and we will start a new life . 
now all the problems will finish and we will start a new life . 
dear mrs brown , 
dear mrs brown , 
i am writing in connection with a surprise birthday party for your husband , mr. brown . we are writing to invite you and to give you some information about the party . 
i am writing in connection with a surprise birthday party for your husband , mr. brown . we are writing to invite you and to give you some information about the party . 
all our class love mr brown very much , so we decided to organise a surprise party for him . the party in on tuesday 16 of june . you should come on 3 pm in college canteen . we have bought some snaks to eat and three students will sing for him , also . 
all our class love mr brown very much , so we decided to organise a surprise party for him . the party is on tuesday 16 of june . you should come at 3 pm to the college canteen to the college canteen at 3 pm . we have bought some snacks to eat and three students will sing for him , too . 
besides this , we have invited all other teachers and the principal of our school . of course all the class will take party to this party . furthermore , we don't know what present buying for him . so we would appreciate if you help us with this matter . we have thought to buy a cd or a book . he loves to read books . what do you believe ? if he needs something else , we are happy to buy this . 
besides this , we have invited all the other teachers and the principal of our school . of course all the class will take part in this party . however , we don't know what present to buy for him . so we would appreciate it if you could help us with this matter . we have thought about buying a cd or a book . he loves to read books . what do you think ? if he needs something else , we are happy to buy this . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you soon especially as i am concerned about this matter . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you soon especially as i am concerned about this matter . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
nowadays people's life has many problems which need some solutions . especially younger's life has been very difficult the last years . 
nowadays people's life has many problems which need some solutions . in particular young people's lives have been very difficult for the last few years . 
the only appropriate to solve people's problems is the family . teenagers usually think about a matter which is drugs . their family could explain them how they avoid things . they know the way to do this . and the way is love . 
the only appropriate way to solve people's problems is the family . teenagers usually think about a matter which is drugs . their family could explain to them how they avoid things . they know the way to do this . and the way is love . 
apart from this , parents could be very helpful to their children with difficulties of school . they help their children with lessons and give them some useful advice with their relationships . because sometimes they are upset when they lose a friend . 
apart from this , parents could be very helpful to their children regarding difficulties at school . they help their children with lessons and give them some useful advice with their relationships . because sometimes they are upset when they lose a friend . 
on the other hand , friends are not suitable to do this . definately , they don't give real solutions and advice . there is a chance not to be so good friends and imitate that they are . 
on the other hand , friends are not suitable for doing this . definitely , they they definitely don't give real solutions and advice . there is a chance that they not are are not such good friends and pretend that they are . 
the way which family comes in contact with the members so easily is love . so we should trust only our family when we need help or solutions of our problems . 
the way in which the family comes in contact with the members so easily is love . so we should trust only our family when we need help or solutions to our problems . 
dear mrs brown , 
dear mrs brown , 
it would be a pleasure to us and to your husband to come at the party . all the students wanted to organise a surprise party for mr brown . next tuesday is his birthday . we would like you to come and if you can to help us in an important decision . 
it would be a pleasure to us and to your husband to come to the party . all the students wanted to organise a surprise party for mr brown . next tuesday is his birthday . we would like you to come and , if you can , to help us with an important decision . 
firstly , we should tell you that it is a surprise party . he must not learn about it subsequently you must not tell him . 
firstly , we should tell you that it is a surprise party . he must not learn about it so you must not tell him . 
secondly , the party will take place on tuesday 16th of june at college canteen . we think the suitable time will be 3-6 p . m . you can come earlier , if you want . we would have junky food , some juices and drinks . moreover , will come some teacher , of course all the students and the principal . 
secondly , the party will take place on tuesday 16th of june in the college canteen . we think a suitable time will be 3-6 p . m . you can come earlier , if you want . we would have junk food , some juices and drinks . moreover , will come some teachers some teachers will come , of course all the students and the principal . 
on the other hand , we do not know what to give him as a present . can you help us ? we want something that it would like him or would be necessary . 
however , we do not know what to give him as a present . can you help us ? we want something that he would like or which would be necessary . 
please try to come and help us to this problem . we ar looking forward to your reply . 
please try to come and help us with this problem . we are looking forward to your reply . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
john said he had some good news to tell me . i am waiting him to come . suddenly the bell rings . i thought that would be john and was he . we had finished the exams two weeks ago and we were waiting for the results . 
john said he had some good news to tell me . i was waiting for him to come . suddenly the bell rang . i thought that it would be john and it was he . we had finished the exams two weeks before and we were waiting for the results . 
the first good new was that we both had passed the exams . it was a wonderful new . then we thought about going for swimming to discuss about some things . 
the first good news was that we both had passed the exams . it was wonderful news . then we thought about going swimming to talk about some things . 
the second new was that he had found a job for the summer . he would go to work in a caf . he would earn a lot of money , in addition they wanted an another person . as a result i had a work too . we had the greatest day . 
the second news was that he had found a job for the summer . he would go to work in a caf . he would earn a lot of money , in addition they wanted another person . as a result i had work too . we had the greatest day . 
then we had an idea ! we would have much money from the work . at the end of the summer we are planning to visit a cousin who lives in australia . we imagine that would be the best holidays in our life . 
then we had an idea ! we would have a lot of money from the work . at the end of the summer we are planning to visit a cousin who lives in australia . we imagine that will be the best holiday of our life . 
dear mrs brown , 
dear mrs brown , 
i am writing to give you information about mr brown's surprise party . 
i am writing to give you information about mr brown's surprise party . 
first of all , the reason that we decided to do this party was because mr brown helped to the organisation of our trip to france . and we preciate to not tell him about our party . 
first of all , the reason that we decided to have this party was because mr brown helped with the organisation of our trip to france . and we appreciate would appreciate your not telling him about our party . 
secondly , the party it is on tuesday 16th pm at the college canteen . as concerned the food , our mothers they will help about that . also , the drinks we will take them from our canteen and there will be a group of mucisians for our entertainment . 
secondly , the party is on tuesday 16th in the evening at the college canteen . as regards the food , our mothers will help with that . also , we will take the drinks from our canteen and there will be a group of musicians for our entertainment . 
moreover , at the party they will be come of course all the class , our teachers and the principal at our school . finally , i would like to ask you about our present . we should buy a book or a cd player . 
moreover , to the party will come of course all the class , our teachers and the principal of our school all the class , our teachers and the principal will come to the party of course . finally , i would like to ask you about our present . should we buy a book or a cd-player ? 
i hope that to have been of some help you about the party . i look forward to seeing you there . 
i hope that i have been of some help to you with the party . i look forward to seeing you there . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
it was friday morning when i saw john and said me he had some good news to tell me . and it was real good news . it was about a job which i wanted very much . he also tell that i must be the next day at 7:00 p . m . in the company . 
it was friday morning when i saw john and he said to me he had some good news to tell me . and it was really good news . it was about a job which i wanted very much . he also say said that i must be the next day at 7:00 p . m . in the office in the office at 7 . 00 pm the next day . 
all the night i did not sleeping at all . i was draw 6:30 p . m in the company . the executive calls me on the office , and he has show me my office . 
all night i did not sleep at all . i was by 6:30 pm in the office in the office by 6 . 30 pm . the executive called me into the office , and he has shown showed me my office . 
from , that day , every day i was gone to the office 30 minutes before . when i complete a month to this job my executive he tell to john to go to the office . i was surpised because i did not know what he wanted . when i went his wants to tell me that from the next month i will be his personal secratary and my salary it will be the double how the previous . i cannot believe it . 
from , that day , every day i went to the office 30 minutes early . when i completed a month in this job my executive told john to go to the office . i was surprised because i did not know what he wanted . when i went he wanted to tell me that from the next month i would be his personal secretary and my salary would be twice what it was previously . i could not believe it . 
now , my life it is in the best way it would be thought about . and every day when i wake up i think that i live in the dream which i never want to finish . 
now , my life is the best that could be imagined . and every day when i wake up i think that i am living in a dream which i never want to finish . 
dear sir/madam , 
dear sir/madam , 
i am writing with reference to your advertisement which i read in a local newspaper two days ago . as i took part in this activities weekend , which was organised by the college , i would like to express my dissatisfaction to your article . 
i am writing with reference to your article which i read in a local newspaper two days ago . as i took part in this activities weekend , which was organised by the college , i would like to express my dissatisfaction with your article . 
first of all , your advertisement mentions that the course had to be cancelled , because the teacher was ill , but the course cancelled only the last afternoon . secondly , you mention that no body registered for the local history course . so i would like to inform you that 32 attended to this course . thirdly , as far as the painting and photography courses is true what you say , they were very popular . i think that the reason for being these courses so popular is that people are very interested in these kind of activities . apart from this the teachers was very experienced and the equipment was particullarly coteporary . 
first of all , your article mentions that the course had to be cancelled because the teacher was ill , but the course was cancelled only on the last afternoon . secondly , you mention that nobody registered for the local history course . i would like to inform you that 32 attended this course . thirdly , as far as the painting and photography courses are concerned , it is true what you say , they were very popular . i think that the reason for these courses being so popular is that people are very interested in these kinds of activities . apart from this , the teachers were very experienced and the equipment was particularly contemporary . 
furthemore , your article mentions that the weekend cost over 100 . that is not true . the cost was only 60 including lunch . last but not least , the college is planning to run another activities weekend next term , so it will be sooner than you mention . 
furthermore , your article mentions that the weekend cost over 100 . that is not true . the cost was only 60 including lunch . last but not least , the college is planning to run another activities weekend next term , so it will be sooner than you mention . 
finaly , i would like to tell you that the weekend was not as disappointing as you mention bud i would like to thank you for you kind attention to my letter , and i would like you to write another article which will lit to the truth
finally , i would like to tell you that the weekend was not as disappointing as you mention but i would like to thank you for your kind attention to my letter , and i would like you to write another article which will tell the truth
yours faithfully , 
yours faithfully , 
dear jane , 
dear jane , 
i am very happy because i haven't received any letter from you , for long time , and as i had a problem with my mother's health , not serious , i didn't write to you . i hope you are fine . 
i am very happy because i hadn't received any letter from you for a long time and as i had a problem with my mother's health , not a serious one , i didn't write to you . i hope you are fine . 
first of all , you musn't panic . it's not serious enough problem to get upset . you must be very happy because you have been offed two jobs . in my opinion as you're really very keen on history , i think that the ideal job for you is to work in a museum . now i don't know if it is tiring but i suppose it will be less tiring than a place in a restaurant . 
first of all , you mustn't panic . it's not a serious enough problem to get upset . you must be very happy because you have been offered two jobs . in my opinion , as you're really very keen on history , i think that the ideal job for you is to work in a museum . now i don't know if it is tiring but i suppose it will be less tiring than a job in a restaurant . 
if i were in your shoes , i would choose the position to the museum because it is more stimulating and as the pay is about the same , i think that this choice is the best for you . but you should wonder which working place is more convenient to you . you'd better not to travel far away from your home . also working in a museum include big tips from the tourists . apart from these , despite the fact that it is a summer job you could be employed for the whole next year , if you are lucky . 
if i were in your shoes , i would choose the position in the museum because it is more stimulating and as the pay is about the same , i think that this choice is the best for you . but you should consider which workplace is more convenient for you . you'd do better not to travel far away from your home . also working in a museum may include big tips from the tourists . apart from this , despite the fact that it is a summer job , you could be employed for the whole of next year , if you are lucky . 
last but not last , i hope you will find my opinion helpful i wish your problem will be solved , but i don't think that it's about a problem . whatever choice you will make i'm sure it will be the best for you . drop me a line . 
last but not least , i hope you will find my opinion helpful . i hope your problem will be solved , but i don't think that it's a problem . whatever choice you make , i'm sure it will be the best for you . drop me a line . 
lots of love , 
lots of love , 
dear mrs . jane clark , 
dear mrs . clark , 
recently i was at the annual international arts festival , that you organized . i'm writing this letter to thank you for giving a possibility to know more about modern art . 
recently i was at the annual international arts festival that you organized . i'm writing this letter to thank you for giving the opportunity to know more about modern art . 
i think , it is a wonderful idea to organize such festivals each year , because it is very interesting to learn some news about life in other countries . 
i think it is a wonderful idea to organize such festivals each year , because it is very interesting to learn some news about life in other countries . 
unfortunately , only six countries were represented this year at the festival , but i hope that soon there would be much more of them . 
unfortunately , only six countries were represented this year at the festival , but i hope that soon there will be many more of them . 
i extremely liked all concerts , shows , exhibitions , but why there weren't any photograph exhibitions ? i think , you should make some next year . then , i want to mark , that concert halls were too small , that is why they were overcrowded during some concerts . 
i really liked all the concerts , shows , and exhibitions , but why weren't there any photographic exhibitions ? i think you should have some next year . also , i want to point out that the concert halls were too small , that is why they were overcrowded during some concerts . 
then , i want to say , that plays and films were exellent , but it wasn't enough of them for me . may be you should make more next year ? 
also , i want to say that the plays and films were excellent , but there weren't enough of them for me . maybe you should have more next year . 
and at the end , my opinion is that one weekend ticket for all events is a great idea , because you don't have to stay in queues to buy a ticket for a show , you want to go to . 
and finally , my opinion is that one weekend ticket for all events is a great idea , because you don't have to wait in queues to buy a ticket for a show you want to go to . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
dear lucia , 
dear lucia , 
i was very pleased to receive your letter . you asked , if there are some school rules in my country . 
i was very pleased to receive your letter . you asked if there are some school rules in my country . 
as you know , i'm studying at the private academy , so the rules in my institute are different from the rules in state institutes . i'll give you an example . in our acadamy we are not allowed to smoke . the fine for smoking on the academy is territory is 100 dollars . so nobody smokes there . i don't smoke , so i don't care about this rule . but some of my friends really would like to change it . you also wanted to know about what i'm allowed or not allowed to do at home . well , i have rather modern parents , so they don't prohibit me to go to the discoes or somewhere with my friends . the only rule for me at home is to walk out with my dog three times a day . 
as you know , i'm studying at a private academy , so the rules in my institute are different from the rules in state institutes . i'll give you an example . in our academy we are not allowed to smoke . the fine for smoking on the academy's premises is 100 dollars . so nobody smokes there . i don't smoke , so i don't care about this rule . but some of my friends really would like to change it . you also wanted to know about what i'm allowed or not allowed to do at home . well , i have rather modern parents , so they don't stop me going to discos or somewhere with my friends . the only rule for me at home is to walk my dog three times a day . 
i hope it was interesting for you to know about the rules in my life . 
i hope it was interesting for you to know about the rules in my life . 
look forward to hearing from you , 
i look forward to hearing from you , 
dear ms jane clark . 
dear ms jane clark . 
i am writing to you with regard to the international art festival that was held recently . 
i am writing to you with regard to the international art festival that was held recently . 
the festival was excenent in many ways , and especially it being an international festival was a challenging , but brilliant idea . i assume that this fact attracted people very much . in addition to that , organising one weekend with special price tickets was particularly good . i personally think that it helped many people who were not able to afford the tickets with proper price to come to the festival . moreover , most of the events i went to were fantastic . 
the festival was excellent in many ways , and in particular it being an international festival was a challenging , but brilliant idea . i assume that this fact attracted people very much . in addition to that , organising one weekend with special price tickets was particularly good . i personally think that it helped many people who were not able to afford the tickets at the normal price to come to the festival . moreover , most of the events i went to were fantastic . 
however , i still have some comments to make to improve the festival next year . the festival was supposed to be an international one , but the artists and stars participated in it were from six countries only . thus , i recommend that stars and artists of various nationalities should be invited . also , some of the concert halls where the musicians performed were not big enough for the vast number of audiences . i think it would be much better to use bigger concert halls . furthermore , i found that there were not many genres of neither the films nor the plays . so i suggest you have various kinds , and more numbers of plays and films next year . 
however , i still have some comments to make to improve the festival next year . the festival was supposed to be an international one , but the artists and stars who participated in it were from six countries only . thus , i recommend that stars and artists of various nationalities should be invited . also , some of the concert halls where the musicians performed were not big enough for the vast number of attendees . i think it would be much better to use bigger concert halls . furthermore , i found that there were not many genres in either the films or the plays . so i suggest you have various kinds , and more plays and films next year . 
i hope that next year's festival will be much more successful that this year's one . 
i hope that next year's festival will be much more successful than this year's one . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
the old man and the sea
the old man and the sea
people all have different opinions about books . some prefer realistic stories whereas others do unusual ones . but i prefer realistic stories such as ernest hemingway's " the old man and the sea' . 
people all have different opinions about books . some prefer realistic stories whereas others prefer unusual ones . but i prefer realistic stories such as ernest hemingway's " the old man and the sea' . 
above all , realistic stories teach me something of the life , or at least influence me . as far as i'm concerned , my behaviour and attitudes towards a difficult situation began to change after reading this book . here , the fishman is very old , but he is still challenging to everything he faces . when he caught a shark which was bigger than the ship , he never gave up taking it back to his village , even when sharks were around him . real stories have huge impacts on me , and affect me a lot , often in good ways . 
above all , realistic stories teach me something about life , or at least influence me . as far as i'm concerned , my behaviour and attitudes towards a difficult situation began to change after reading this book . here , the fishman is very old , but he is still challenging everything he faces . when he caught a shark which was bigger than the ship , he never gave up on taking it back to his village , even when sharks were around him . real stories have huge impacts on me , and affect me a lot , often in good ways . 
in addition to that , realistic stories are more attractive , i personally don't want to hear stories about very peculiar incidents as i know they cannot be true . but , while reading realistic stories , i just fall deep into the story , into the writer's own world . ernest hemingway's sentences are precise , but still very powerful and alive . so when i read other sharks eating the shark the old man had caught , i got very angry and annoyed . realistic stories thus , develop our imagination and creativity , which are essential in our lives . 
in addition to that , realistic stories are more attractive , i personally don't want to hear stories about very peculiar incidents as i know they cannot be true . but , while reading realistic stories , i just fall deep into the story , into the writer's own world . ernest hemingway's sentences are precise , but still very powerful and alive . so when i read about other sharks eating the shark the old man had caught , i got very angry and annoyed . realistic stories thus , develop our imagination and creativity , which are essential in our lives . 
we all learn from reading books , but realistic stories have more influence on me and develop my personality . that's why i prefer realistic stories to unusual ones . 
we all learn from reading books , but realistic stories have more influence on me and develop my personality . that's why i prefer realistic stories to unusual ones . 
dear jane , 
dear jane , 
i am writing to you to give you some advice about the international arts festival . i think it is a great idea to organise this sort of festival because most of people enjoy it . 
i am writing to you to give you some advice about the international arts festival . i think it is a great idea to organise this sort of festival because most people enjoy it . 
firstly , concerning stars and artists , they came from only six countries . for musics like jazz and rock it was excellent but for classical concerts we had a problem . because some concert halls were too small . if you have any ideas about bigger halls , it will be better . 
firstly , concerning the stars and artists , they came from only six countries . for music like jazz and rock , it was excellent but for classical concerts we had a problem because some concert halls were too small . if you have any ideas about bigger halls , it would be better . 
secondly , about plays and films it will be good if you make more because the children like it . the dance shows was very wonderful like art exhibitions . do not change about talks by writers , because it is a good idea if people can talk about their owns books . 
secondly , about the plays and films , it would be good if you have had more because the children like them . the dance shows were absolutely wonderful , like art exhibitions . do not change the talks by writers , because it is a good idea if people can talk about their own books . 
finally , concerned the price for the weekend tickets , i think it is excellent because people are less stress , so they can visit more longer . it will be better , if we can make this festival at the end of summer . i hope to give you enough information . 
finally , concerning the price of the weekend tickets , i think it is excellent because people are less stressed , because they can visit for longer . it would be better if we could hold this festival at the end of summer . i hope i have given you enough information . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours faithfully , 
yours sincerely , 
it began when my parent sand i were going to the south of france for holidays . we took a car . when we were near geneva , my father who was driving the car , had been flashed by a radar and the police stopped him . after that , it maked a long time that he drove , so we decided to stop to an area . we were going to the toilet and ate something to the snack bar . suddenly , my father realised he forgot to close the car . he ran but it was too late , somebody had stolen the luggages . we called the police but they said us if you didn't close your car we didn't make something . 
it began when my parents and i were going to the south of france for our holidays . we went by car . when we were near geneva , my father , who was driving the car , was flashed by a radar and the police stopped him . after that , as it made a long time that he drove he had been driving for a long time , we decided to stop at a service area . we went to the toilet and ate something in the snack bar . suddenly , my father realised he had forgotten to lock the car . he ran but it was too late , somebody had stolen the luggage . we called the police but they said to us that if we didn't lock our car they couldn't do anything . 
it was the worse holiday in my life but we continued . when we arrived at the flat , it was eleven o'clock . the agency was closed and we hadn't the key . 
it was already the worst holiday in my life but we continued . when we arrived at the flat , it was eleven o'clock . the agency was closed and we hadn't got the key . 
we went to an hotel , it was expensive and uncomfortable . finally , the life in france are crasy , this is the tradition . this story happened a long time ago . 
we went to a hotel , it was expensive and uncomfortable . finally , life in france is crazy , this is the tradition . this story happened a long time ago . 
dear jane clark , 
dear jane clark , 
i spent two days at the international arts festival you have organized . i enjoyed it very much and i think you have had a great idea . 
i spent two days at the international arts festival you organized . i enjoyed it very much and i think you had a great idea . 
i went to all the events , they were really good . 
i went to all the events , they were really good . 
i liked all the stars and the artists who came from around the world , even if the number of countries was very little , only six . why don't you let more countries to participate next year ? 
i liked all the stars and the artists who came from around the world , even if the number of countries was very small , only six . why don't you let more countries participate next year ? 
i also liked the concerts . but , can i give you a suggestion for next year ? try to find bigger halls , because this year they were really too small ! 
i also liked the concerts . but , can i give you a suggestion for next year ? try to find bigger halls , because this year they were really too small ! 
i enjoyed all the plays and films , but they were few why don't you broadcast more at next festival ? 
i enjoyed all the plays and films , but they were few why don't you broadcast more at the next festival ? 
i also went to the dance shows , the art exhibition and the talks by writers , they were really very nice and interesting . 
i also went to the dance shows , the art exhibition and the talks by writers , they were really very nice and interesting . 
i also agree with you about the ticket's prize . in fact , it was really a reasonably-priced ticket , excellent because you could go to all the events only with it . and that's the reason because lots of people came . 
i also agree with you about the ticket's price . in fact , it was really a reasonably-priced ticket , excellent because you could go to all the events just with it . and that's the reason why lots of people came . 
an admiree 
an admirer 
capua , 16/12/2000
capua , 16/12/2000
hi jane , how are you ? 
hi jane , how are you ? 
i received your letter yesterday , and i want to answer you soon ! 
i received your letter yesterday , and i want to answer you quickly ! 
i think the discussion in your class was very interesting . in my country there are different rules at school , but i think they are , more or less , the same in england . you have to begin your lesson at 8 . 25 and wait for the teacher of the next lesson in the class . 
i think the discussion in your class was very interesting . in my country there are different rules at school , but i think they are , more or less , the same in england . you have to begin your lesson at 8 . 25 and wait for the teacher of the next lesson in the class . 
you have a break of ten minutes , that you would have to do in class . you can't speak during the lesson or outside the classrooms . you can't write on walls and desks . . 
you have a break of ten minutes , that you would have to do in class . you can't speak during the lesson or outside the classrooms . you can't write on walls and desks . . 
i have some rules also at home , but they are few . i can do everything i want , except going out with the car during the night . my parents are afraid of it because i took my licence only in september . 
i have some rules also at home , but they are few . i can do everything i want , except going out with the car during the night . my parents are afraid of it because i got my licence only only got my licence in september . 
my parents also like eating all together , but it isn't a rule , only an habitude ! 
my parents also like eating all together , but it isn't a rule , only a habit ! 
i don't think there is something i'd like to change ! 
i don't think there is anything i'd like to change ! 
i like my life , both at school and at home ! 
i like my life , both at school and at home ! 
write to me soon
write to me soon
jane clark , 
jane clark , 
the organiser , 
the organiser , 
i am writting to you to give your my opinion about your festival . it was great , but i think it could be even better next year . 
i am writing to you to give you my opinion about your festival . it was great , but i think it could be even better next year . 
first , it was an international festival , it was a great idea , but only six countries were here . so , if you can have more than six countries , it could be great . this idea is in relation with the number of plays and films . if there are more stars and artists from around the world , there are more plays and films and it is better . 
first , it was an international festival , it was a great idea , but only six countries participated . so , if you could have more than six countries , it would be great . this idea relates to the number of plays and films . if there are more stars and artists from around the world , and there are more plays and films it would be better . 
my second complain is about some concert halls which are too small . it would be better if you have some large halls , like your " arena " hall . 
my second complaint is about some of the concert halls which were too small . it would be better if you had some more large halls like your " arena " hall . 
to conclude , i was very happy to have a ticket for all events at one reasonally price , because for someone who do not like especially art , it was very attractive . 
to conclude , i was very happy to have a ticket for all events at a reasonable price , because for someone who does not especially like art , it was very attractive . 
a least suggestion for next year's festival is to invite some " salsa " band , it would be great to listen and dance in the same time " salsa " music . 
my last suggestion for next year's festival is to invite some " salsa " bands . it would be great to listen and dance at the same time to " salsa " music . 
yours faithfully , 
yours sincerely , 
dear jimmie , 
dear jimmie , 
i was very happy to receive a letter from you . i am writting to you to answer at your question about school rules and what i am ( and i am not ) allowed to do at home . 
i was very happy to receive a letter from you . i am writing to you to answer your question about school rules and what i am ( and i am not ) allowed to do at home . 
firstly in the school it is not permitted to smoking in the no smoking area or in the classroom . but , i think it is the same in england . secondly , when you want to ask a question to the teatcher , you must to put your hand up , and speak when the teacher ask you . 
firstly , in school it is not permitted to smoke in the no-smoking area or in the classroom . but i think it is the same in england . secondly , when you want to ask a question to the teacher to ask the teacher a question , you must put your hand up and speak when the teacher asks you . 
in my home , the only things i am not allowed to do are things which can disturbe my familly . for example , put the music too hight when my syster is working . but there are also some life's rules , like do not put legs on the table when we are eating or eat with my fingers . 
in my home , the only things i am not allowed to do are things which might disturb my family . for example , putting the music on too high loud when my sister is working . but there are also some general rules , like do not put your feet on the table when we are eating or do not eat with your fingers . 
there are not really anything that i could like to change , because , as you know , in france , there are not really strict rules like in china or other countries . it is just polite 's rules . i hope i answered to your question . 
there is not really anything that i would like to change , because , as you know , in france , there are not really strict rules like in china or other countries . there are just politeness 's rules rules of politeness . i hope i answered your question . 
big kisses , 
love , 
16 . 12 . 2000 y 
16 . 12 . 2000 
dear ms clark , 
dear ms clark , 
i am writing to you in connection with the advertisement in newspaper . i would like to express a couple of thoughts that i have after the festival that i have recently seen . 
i am writing to you in connection with the advertisement in the newspaper . i would like to explain a couple of thoughts that i had after the festival that i have recently seen . 
i believe that it was a great idea to organise such a festivel , connected with art and culture . especially the date was very suitable for me , as i have a lot of free time . 
i believe that it was a great idea to organise such a festival , connected with art and culture . in particular , the date was very suitable for me , as i have a lot of free time . 
what is more there was a wide vareiety of music although the artists were supposed to be from all counties , there were only six nationalities . 
what is more , there was a wide variety of music . although the artists were supposed to be from all countries , there were only six nationalities . 
i hope that next year there will be much more possibilities to enjoy films or plays and that the halls will be bigger , as they were overcrowded . however i was really suprised that the entrence fee was so low . i have also one suggestion , if i may . maybe next year the festival could be ended with fireworks show . 
i hope that next year there will be many more possibilities to enjoy films or plays and that the halls will be bigger , as they were overcrowded . however i was really surprised that the entrance fee was so low . i also have one suggestion , if i may . maybe next year the festival could end with a firework display . 
thank you for your kind attention and i hope that my advices would occur useful . 
thank you for your kind attention and i hope that my advice will be useful . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
dear tom , 
dear tom , 
just i got your letter and sat straight away to write you a few sentences that will illustrate my opinion . 
i just got your letter and sat down straight away to write to you a few sentences a few sentences to you that will illustrate my opinion . 
to begin with , i'd like to show you how are my obligations at school . although we have to change our boots , we don't need to wear special uniforms . our clothes should be in a good taste . we are also allowed to have jewellery and a make-up , what's especially crucial for girls . 
to begin with , i'd like to show you what my obligations are at school . although we have to change our shoes , we don't need to wear special uniforms . our clothes should be in good taste . we are also allowed to have jewellery and make-up , which is especially important for girls . 
when it goes to my home , i think i have usual duties i have to clean my room , wash the dishes or vacuum the carpets , but they're not exhausting things , as i share them with my sister and brother . however my parents aren't demanding , i have to be home at least at 11 o'clock and tell them where i go out . 
when it comes to my home , i think i have the usual duties : i have to clean my room , wash the dishes or vacuum the carpets , but they're not exhausting things , as i share them with my sister and brother . furthermore , my parents aren't demanding : i have to be home at the latest by 11 o'clock by 11 o'clock at the latest and tell them where i am going . 
in my opinion there's nothing special that i'd like to change , maybe only this , that i wouldn't have to change my boots . 
in my opinion there's nothing particular that i'd like to change , except maybe only having to change my shoes . 
i hope that it'll claryfy your questions and doubts . so , that will be everything as for now . i'm looking foreward to hearing from you . 
i hope that this will clarify your questions and doubts . so , that will be everything for now . i'm looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours
yours
dear mrs clark , 
dear mrs clark , 
i am writing with reference to the international arts festival that you organise every year . i would like to express my opinion about it and give you some suggestions that may prove to be useful . 
i am writing with reference to the international arts festival that you organise every year . i would like to express my opinion about it and give you some suggestions that may prove to be useful . 
first of all , from my point of view the festival itself is a wonderful idea . that also refers to the weekend ticket you offer; in addition to being rather cheap , it allowed me to see so many interesting events in such a short time . 
first of all , from my point of view the festival itself is a wonderful idea . that also goes for the weekend ticket you offer; in addition to being rather cheap , it allowed me to see so many interesting events in such a short time . 
on the other hand , i would like to notice that the festival would be able to appeal to more people if a few improvements were made . firstly , you had said in your advertisement that artists from around the world would perform . actually , they came from only six countries . what is more , some concert halls were too small . as a result , it was impossible for al the audience to fit in there . 
on the other hand , i would like to point out that the festival could appeal to more people if a few improvements were made . firstly , you had said in your advertisement that artists from around the world would perform . actually , they came from only six countries . what is more , some concert halls were too small . as a result , it was impossible for all the audience to fit in there . 
finally , i suggest you should think about giving the audience the opportunity to see more plays and films . 
finally , i suggest you think about giving the audience the opportunity to see more plays and films . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
dear kathy , 
dear kathy , 
i'm really happy to hear from you again . i'm sorry for not writing earlier . unfortunately , i'm quite busy so don't worry if i happen to delay answer to some of your letters . 
i'm really happy to hear from you again . i'm sorry for not writing earlier . unfortunately , i'm quite busy so don't worry if i happen to delay my answer i'm late replying to some of your letters . 
in your last letter you wondered what the rules of behaviour at school and at home are like in my country , so i'm going to give you some information . 
in your last letter , you wondered what the rules of behaviour at school and at home are like in my country , so i'm going to give you some information . 
in poland rules that refer to the ways of being dressed at school aren't very strict; we don't wear any uniforms , but our clothes have to be clean and nice to look at . we can neither eat nor drink during the lessons . we are supposed not to be late for the lessons and , of course , students mustn't smoke at school . 
in poland , rules that refer to the way we dress at school aren't very strict; we don't wear any uniforms , but our clothes have to be clean and nice to look at . we can neither eat nor drink during lessons . we are supposed not to be late for lessons and , of course , students mustn't smoke at school . 
at home young people should help their parents do some houseworks . generally , we are supposed to treat our parents ( as well as the teachers at school ) with respect and not to argue with our brothers and sisters . 
at home , young people should help their parents do some housework . generally , we are supposed to treat our parents ( as well as the teachers at school ) with respect and not to argue with our brothers and sisters . 
what i'd like to change at school is that the breaks are too short ! give my regards to your family , 
what i'd like to change at school is that the breaks are too short ! give my regards to your family , 
dear mr. , 
dear mr. , 
i am writing this letter to express my thoughts about the international art festival of this year . i was so impressed the exhibitions of the festival that you had organized . furthermore , it's worthful experience for people to know the other countries' arts . 
i am writing this letter to express my thoughts about the international art festival of this year . i was so impressed with the exhibitions at the festival that you organized . furthermore , it's a worthwhile experience for people who want to know about other countries' arts . 
but i would like to suggest some requests for the festival . 
but i would like to make some requests regarding the festival . 
firstly , it is better to invite more artists not only from six countries . for example , the artists or stars from we have rare chance to feel the atmosphere . 
firstly , it would be better to invite more artists not only from six countries . for example , the artists or stars from we have rare chance to feel the atmosphere . 
secondly , some concert halls were too small to enter all of the audience . moreover , plays and films were shown only twice a day so that people had gathered one time . i would prefer to be held more performances next year in the bigger halls . 
secondly , some concert halls were too small to contain all of the audience . moreover , plays and films were shown only twice a day so that people had gathered one time . i would like more performances to be held next year in the bigger halls . 
finally , regards to tickets , it is very wonderful idea because it is more combinient to enjoy the festival for one day among a lot of people . 
finally , with regard to tickets , it is a really wonderful idea because it is more convenient to enjoy the festival for one day among a lot of people . 
you may consider my suggestion to have the art festival for next year . 
you may consider my suggestion to have the art festival for next year . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
long long time ago , there were the old man and old woman lived in a foot of mountain . 
a long long time ago , there were an old man and old woman who lived at the foot of a mountain . 
one day , when the old man went into the bambo bush , he found one bambo gritted white . he had never seen such bambo before but decided to cut it down . then there was a lovely baby in it . he was surprised but was pleased because he had no child . he took the baby to his house and explained what had happened in the bush to the old woman . the old woman was glad to have a baby and they decided to bring up the baby . the baby was named 'kaguya . '
one day , when the old man went into the bamboo bush , he found some bamboo gritted white . he had never seen such bamboo before but decided to cut it down . there was a lovely baby in it . he was surprised but was pleased because he had no child . he took the baby to his house and explained what had happened in the bush to the old woman . the old woman was glad to have a baby and they decided to bring up the baby . the baby was named 'kaguya . '
she grew very quick and was so beautiful . a lot of men asked her to marry with them but she always refused . one full moon night she said to her parents sadly , 'i have to return to the moon tonight . ' the old man and woman tried to keep her staying their house , but they couldn't . 
she grew very quickly and was so beautiful . a lot of men asked her to marry them but she always refused . one full moon night she said to her parents sadly , 'i have to return to the moon tonight . ' the old man and woman tried to get her to stay in their house , but they couldn't . 
the servants from the moon picked her up to the moon . she gone away . she was the princess of the moon . 
her servants from the moon carried her up to the moon . she had gone away . she was the princess of the moon . 
this story happened a long time ago . 
this happened a long time ago . 
international arts festival
international arts festival
dear jane clark , 
dear jane clark , 
i am writing to you for your advertisement for the festival . 
i am writing to you about the festival . 
i am student at london college and studying english . i have always been interesed arts and festivals . it was great that you organised art festival in this city , because people realy needed this kind of sochibal activities here . 
i am a student at london college studying english . i have always been interested in arts and festivals . it was great that you organised the arts festival in this city , because people really need this kind of social activity here . 
i have spent two days at the international arts festival with some of my friend and i must say we realy delighted , it was great idea to do that in london . 
i spent two days at the international arts festival with some of my friends and i must say we were really delighted , it was a great idea to do that in london . 
we all liked jazz , rock and classical concerts . however concert halls were too small and lots of people couldn't get in to concert halls and there were only six countries stars and artists stars and artists only six countries . 
we all liked the jazz , rock and classical concerts . however , the concert halls were too small and lots of people couldn't get into the concert halls and there were stars and artists from only six countries . 
i believe plays and films should be more than it was for next year and stars and artists should be from round the world . 
i believe there should be more plays and films next year and the stars and artists should be from around the world . 
one reasonably priced weeker ticket for all events was excellent because its alway busy for the weekend and people prefer to go any week day . 
one reasonably-priced weeker ticket for all events was excellent because it's always busy at the weekend and people prefer to go any weekday . 
i hope , you will concider about my opinions and my suggestions would be helpful for the next year . 
i hope you will consider my opinions and that my suggestions will be helpful for next year . 
look forward to hearing from you . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
your sincerely 
yours sincerely 
dear freddie
dear freddie
i received your letter just this morning . it was very nice to hearing from you . 
i received your letter just this morning . it was very nice to hear from you . 
we never like rules , do we ? however there are lots of rules in our lives , both at home and at school . 
we never like rules , do we ? however there are lots of rules in our lives , both at home and at school . 
in my countries school we are not allowed to have an argument with class-mates and not allowed to eat at class . we can't listen music at class as well . we alway have to keep clean every where , but this kind of rules are not very strict i believe . 
in my country country's schools we are not allowed to have an argument with classmates and are not allowed to eat in class . we can't listen to music in class either . we always have to keep clean everywhere everywhere clean , but these kinds of rules are not very strict i believe . 
at home is completely different , my mum is quite organised , so she always puts new rules . 
at home it is completely different , my mum is quite organised , so she always makes is always making new rules . 
firstly i've to keep clean my room and hoover once a week . i've to cook myself and worst thing is i'm not allowed to listen loud music in everywhere at home . i'm not allowed to stay out after midnight . 
firstly , i have to keep my room clean and hoover once a week . i have to cook and the worst thing is i'm not allowed to listen to loud music anywhere at home . i'm not allowed to stay out after midnight . 
when i groue up i'll change all rules in my life and i'll make my own rules which are not going to be too strict . 
when i grow up i'll change all the rules in my life and i'll make my own rules which are not going to be too strict . 
love to hearing from you soon . 
look forward to hearing from you soon . 
love
love
dear madame jane clark , 
dear jane clark , 
i am writing this letter in order to make some suggestions for the international arts festival that took place a while ago . i was there two days enjoying it and have found some points i would like to change to make it a better one next year . i personally think it is a great idea to gather all different types of arts from all over the world . 
i am writing this letter in order to make some suggestions for the international arts festival that took place a while ago . i was there for two days enjoying it and have found some points i would like to change to make it a better one next year . i personally think it is a great idea to gather all different types of arts from all over the world . 
well , here are some of my opinion and suggestions . first of all , i think there should more stars and artists from more countries because this year , i believe there were artists only from six countries which , in my opinion , is not quite from all over the world . 
well , here are some of my opinions and suggestions . first of all , i think there should be more stars and artists from more countries because this year , i believe there were artists from only six countries which , in my opinion , is not quite from all over the world . 
the jazz , rock and classical concerts were really entertaining except that there were some concert halls to small for the audience: i'm sure that you can find bigger halls for next year . by the way , i was also wondering if it was possible to have more plays and films for the coming up festival as the reaction of the people was excellent . 
the jazz , rock and classical concerts were really entertaining except that there were some concert halls which were too small for the audience: i'm sure that you can find bigger halls for next year . by the way , i was also wondering if it was possible to have more plays and films for the coming festival as the reaction of the people was excellent . 
actually , the price of the weekend ticket was excellent ! i , myself , was expecting a more expensive ticket as there were so many magnificient events . 
actually , the price of the weekend ticket was excellent ! i , myself , was expecting a more expensive ticket as there were so many magnificent events . 
well , i hope you found my suggestions reasonable as i deeply congratulate for the great sucess in the festival . 
well , i hope you found my suggestions reasonable as i deeply congratulate you on the great success of the festival . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
dear emily , 
dear emily , 
hello ! it's been such a long time since we wrote to each other . well , in the letter you wrote me , you asked some questions about school and house rules . even though , i do have less than you , i'm still willing to change many things . 
hello ! it's been such a long time since we wrote to each other . well , in the letter you wrote me , you asked some questions about school and house rules . even though i do have less than you , i'm still wanting i still want to change many things . 
in our school , you're not allowed to eat during class . you must have a permission to get out of your seat or leave the classroom . my school's an american school so you're not supposed to talk in spanish during the classes either . 
in our school , you're not allowed to eat during class . you must have permission to get out of your seat or leave the classroom . my school's an american school so you're not supposed to talk in spanish during the classes either . 
at home , there are less rules . my parents don't really like putting rules in the house . but still i cannot go out of the house without telling my mom where i am going and when i'm coming back . but it existed since i was very young . 
at home , there are fewer rules . my parents don't really like imposing rules in the house . but still i cannot go out of the house without telling my mom where i am going and when i'm coming back . but it has existed since i was very young . 
i would like to change the rule not to speak in spanish at school because most of us feel more comfortable speaking in spanish but i guess to learn . we should speak english all the time . 
i would like to change the rule about not speaking in spanish at school because most of us feel more comfortable speaking in spanish , but i guess , to learn , we should speak english all the time . 
well , that's all . i hope one day you get to change what you wanted . i miss you and let's keep in touch . bye . . 
well , that's all . i hope one day you get to change what you wanted . i miss you and let's keep in touch . bye . . 
your pal , 
your pal , 
2 desember 2000
2 december , 2000
dear mrs clark:
dear mrs clark:
i am writing to suggest a few things that could be changed or added in next year's international arts festival , wich in my opinion has been a great idea to create . 
i am writing to suggest a few things that could be changed or added to next year's international arts festival , which in my opinion has been a great idea . 
although i have read that starts and artists came frome around the world , i have realised that they only came from only six countries . 
although i read that stars stars and artists came from around the world , i realised that they only came from six countries . 
i spent a good time in the jazz , rock and classical concerts in spite of the fact that some concert halls were too small . i think that if you want to enjoy music you must be comfortable . all my family liked the films and the plays that there were very much , but i personaly think that it would be better to add more because there were only five plays and seven films . 
i had a good time at the jazz , rock and classical concerts in spite of the fact that some concert halls were too small . i think that if you want to enjoy music you must be comfortable . all my family liked the films and the plays that there were very much , but i personally think that it would be better to add more because there were only five plays and seven films . 
the rest of the activities were very interesting for us , we learnt a lot of things and we met a lot of interesting people , and all of this without being expensive , i think that ticket was exellent for us because of its price . 
the rest of the activities were very interesting for us , we learnt a lot of things and we met a lot of interesting people , and all of this without being expensive . i think that the ticket was excellent for us because of its price . 
i look forward to hearing you as soon as possible . 
i look forward to hearing from you as soon as possible . 
yours sincerelly 
yours sincerely 
2 desember 2000
2 december , 2000
dear andy:
dear andy:
i'm sorry i haven't written for so long , but i have been very busy with my exams . it's good to hear that you have passed all of them . 
i'm sorry i haven't written for so long , but i have been very busy with my exams . it's good to hear that you have passed all of yours . 
in your letter you told me something about rules . i imagine that you want my opinion for your homework ? don't you ? 
in your letter you asked me something about rules . i imagine that you want my opinion on your homework , don't you ? 
you know that i'm studing in a hard school , and as you can imagine you have to work hard and you have to do homework everyday . the other day i arrived five minutes late and the teacher ordered me to go home . ? do you understand this ? she might be crazy 
you know that i'm studying in a difficult school , and as you can imagine you have to work hard and you have to do homework every day . the other day i arrived five minutes late and the teacher ordered me to go home . do you understand this ? she might be crazy . 
i have friends that are studing in other schools and they are very happy with their freedom . at home it's very different , as you know i have a very good parents that let me do a lot of things . they let me go out with my friends every day , but they make me do homework and i hate this ! ! 
i have friends that are studying in other schools and they are very happy with their freedom . at home it's very different : as you know i have very good parents that let me do a lot of things . they let me go out with my friends every day , but they make me do homework and i hate that ! ! 
i hope that it is what you wanted from me . i'm looking forward to seeing you soon . 
i hope this is what you wanted from me . i'm looking forward to seeing you soon . 
yours
yours
dear ms clark , 
dear ms clark , 
i am writing to thank you for organising the international arts festival , in which i participated this year , and to give you my opinion about it . 
i am writing to thank you for organising the international arts festival , in which i participated this year , and to give you my opinion about it . 
i think that organising this event was a great idea . i was very pleased when i read your advertisement for the festival . one reasonably-priced weekend ticket for all events was also an excellent idea . it encouraged me to take part in the festival . 
i think that organising this event was a great idea . i was very pleased when i read your advertisement for the festival . one reasonably-priced weekend ticket for all events was also an excellent idea . it encouraged me to take part in the festival . 
despite all this i would like to complain about some detailes . 
despite all this i would like to complain about some details . 
first of all stars were supposed to come from all around the world . apparently there were artists from only six countries . 
first of all , stars were supposed to come from all around the world . apparently there were artists from only six countries . 
all the concerts were great , but some concert halls were too small . there was a terrible lack of room and fresh air inside them . 
all the concerts were great , but some concert halls were too small . there was a terrible lack of room and fresh air inside them . 
i would also like to suggest you to try and make more plays and films available next year . 
i would also like to suggest that you try and make more plays and films available next year . 
i trust you will give this matter your great attention . i look forward to visiting international arts festival next year . 
i trust you will give this matter your careful attention . i look forward to visiting the international arts festival next year . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
dear mary , 
dear mary , 
thanks for your letter . i'm sorry for not having written earlier , but i've had an exhausting exam session at school . 
thanks for your letter . i'm sorry for not having written earlier , but i've had an exhausting exam session at school . 
it was very interesting to hear about rules in england . the rules in poland are quite similar to those discribed in your letter . 
it was very interesting to hear about the rules in england . the rules in poland are quite similar to those described in your letter . 
we are not allowed to talk during the lesson and we have to do our homework every day . usually we don't have to wear school uniforms , but there are schools , in which there is such obligation . in most of the schools students have to change their shoes in order not to make the floor dirty . if i could change anything , i would probably lessen the amount of homework . it's hard to find any spare time sometimes ! 
we are not allowed to talk during lessons and we have to do our homework every day . usually we don't have to wear school uniform , but there are schools in which there is such obligation . in most of the schools students have to change their shoes in order not to make the floor dirty . if i could change anything , i would probably reduce the amount of homework . it's hard to find any spare time sometimes ! 
what about home rules ? well , we both know that parents are the ones who rule at home . all the things we're not allowed to do depend on them . anyway , i must finish now . has your dog already recovered ? i'm looking forward to hearing from you soon . 
what about house rules ? well , we both know that parents are the ones who rule at home . all the things we're not allowed to do depend on them . anyway , i must finish now . has your dog now recovered recovered now ? i'm looking forward to hearing from you soon . 
lots of love , 
lots of love , 
dear jane clark , 
dear jane clark , 
i am writing about an annual international arts festival with a good impression . i have spent two days on it which was exciting . however , i would like to make a suggestion that you could consider for it . 
i am writing about an annual international arts festival with a good impression . i have spent two days on it which was exciting . however , i would like to make a suggestion that you could consider for it . 
the name of the event , international arts festival , is great idea actually , but there were stars and artists only from six countries apart from your advertisement . i suppose more countries are going to be informed even during and after the events . 
the name of the event , international arts festival , is a great idea actually , but there were stars and artists from only six countries apart from your advertisement . i suppose more countries are going to be informed even during and after the events . 
the second point i would like to make is about the concerts which showed people jazz , rock and classic , which were fantastic . however , there were some concert halls were too small . quite few seats were available for audience , so a few people had to stand and watch concerts . i see you might not have had much time to be well-organised . 
the second point i would like to make is about the concerts which showed people jazz , rock and classical music , which were fantastic . however , some concert halls were too small . quite few seats were available for the audience , so a few people had to stand and watch the concerts . i see you might not have had much time to be well-organised . 
as well as that , i expect you plays and films are performed more . even if the majority of my friends had a good time there i saw some people would anticipate it , because there were many people who were impressed in it . 
as well as that , i expect you plays and films are performed more . even if the majority of my friends had a good time there i saw some people would anticipate it , because there were many people who were impressed in it . 
finally , i would like to see the good side of things about the weekend ticket . it is a excellent price because when i am tempt to watch some festivals , obviously it costs much more money . at that time i was lucky and also , i would like to recommand other friends . that's how i am feeling about that . 
finally , i would like to see the good side of things about the weekend ticket . it is an excellent price because when i am tempted to watch some festivals , obviously it costs much more money . at that time i was lucky and also , i would like to recommend it to other friends . that's how i am feeling about that . 
i expect you can be organised even better next year . 
i expect you will be even better organised next year . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
dear george , 
dear george , 
thank you for your letter . i could be interested in your letter . 
thank you for your letter . i could be interested in your letter . 
but it is quite different rather than you . becoming more strict gradually at home that at school is true as you said . 
but it is quite different rather than you . becoming more strict gradually at home that at school is true as you said . 
nowadays while my country is developing , most people are very busy , so they can't bring up their children . i think the rule of school has many thing stoping students doing . for example , if students behave wrongly at school , they will have some punishments even up to now . what else , unless they pass the exam they have to get extra lesson or test . but most teachers consult with their parents , so it they behave wrongly it is true teachers call their parents . 
nowadays while my country is developing , most people are very busy , so they can't bring up their children . i think the rule of school has many thing stoping students doing . for example , if students behave wrongly at school , they will have some punishments even up to now . what else , unless they pass the exam they have to have extra lessons or tests . but most teachers consult with their parents , so if they behave wrongly it is true that teachers call their parents . 
apart from that , at home , children are not allowed to use impolite words and on weekend they have to help parents to do some chores . 
apart from that , at home , children are not allowed to use impolite words and on the weekend they have to help parents to do some chores . 
but people would like to change life style in their house because there haven't been convenient appliaces in their house yet . 
but people would like to change the lifestyle in their house because there aren't convenient appliances in their houses yet . 
looking forward to hearing from you . 
looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours
yours
jane clark
jane clark
organizer of international arts festival
organizer of the international arts festival
dear sir , 
dear ms clark , 
mine name is john and i have been in the latest international arts festival . the purpose of this letter is just to let you know my opinion of the event . 
my name is john and i went to the latest international arts festival . the purpose of this letter is just to let you know my opinion of the event . 
first , i would like to congratulate you for the success you have been having year after year . nevertheless , i have some suggestions that may be profitable for next year's festival . 
first , i would like to congratulate you on the success you have been having year after year . nevertheless , i have some suggestions that may be useful for next year's festival . 
the artists you brought were only from six different countries , so i think you should next time try to offer us people from more different nationalities , to make it more interesting than it is already . 
the artists you brought were only from six different countries , so i think next time you should try to invite people from more nationalities , to make it more interesting than it is already . 
moreover , i have been thinking about changing the location because , as you probably already know , some concert halls were not big enough to let everybody who wanted go in . 
moreover , i have been thinking about changing the location because , as you probably already know , some concert halls were not big enough to let everybody who wanted to go in . 
finally , i just would like to recommend you not to give up showing movies , during the festival because the crowds were amazed with that , and keep on offering the current prices , one of the best deal for us , the spectators . 
finally , i would just like to ask you not to give up showing movies during the festival because the crowds were thrilled with them , and keep on offering the current prices , one of the best deals for us , the spectators . 
if you would like to talk about my suggestions , please , do not hesitate and let me know . 
if you would like to talk about my suggestions , please , do not hesitate to get in touch and let me know . 
yours faithfully , 
yours sincerely , 
independent student magazine
independent student magazine
here is my article . 
here is my article . 
there are many ways to earn money , specially in a big city , like the one where we are studing all year around . some examples could be delivering pizzas or newspapers , working as a bartender throug the nights , cleaning services , etc . i usually call these jobs non- cualified positions . 
there are many ways to earn money , especially in a big city , like the one where we are studying all year around . some examples could be delivering pizzas or newspapers , working as a bartender through at night , cleaning services , etc . i usually call these jobs non- qualified unskilled positions . 
i think , as a consecuence , that there is no difficulty in finding a job for our spare time . what it really makes us , the students , upset , is to find the perfect job . 
i think , as a consequence therefore , that there is no difficulty in finding a job for our spare time . what really makes us , the students , upset , is finding the perfect job . 
to be more technically and specifically , we need a very flexible job , wich gives independence and allow us to stop working when we are not able to , for example during the exams period . 
to be more technical and specific , we need a very flexible job , which gives us independence and allows us to stop working when we are not able to , for example during the exams period . 
moreover , and i know that that point is not easy , although we are still students , the most suitable job for us should be a position related with our carreer . next year i expect myself finishing my studies in law . and by that time i will have already some experience , so that i will more easily able to apply for a really good job . 
moreover , and i know that that point is not easy , although we are still students , the most suitable job for us would be a position related to our career degree . next year i expect to finish my studies in law . and by that time i will already have some experience , so that i will more easily be able to apply be able to apply more easily for a really good job . 
so , why don't we think more about the future , instead of being upset of how to get some money to spend next party ? 
so , why don't we think more about the future , instead of being upset about how to get some money to pay for the next party ? 
17th december , 2000
17th december , 2000
jane clark , organizer
jane clark , organizer
dear madam , 
dear madam , 
i'm writing this letter to congratulate you for the excellent international arts festival we could enjoy last november . i found it was a very good idea . however , there are a few things that i personally think can be improved in the following editions . 
i'm writing this letter to congratulate you on the excellent international arts festival we enjoyed last november . i think it was a very good idea . however , there are a few things that i personally think could be improved in future years . 
first of all , because of the advertisement i expected starts and artists from all over the world but they came from only six countries . artists from different cultures may make the festival even more interesting . 
first of all , because of the advertisement i expected stars and artists from all over the world but they came from only six countries . artists from different cultures could make the festival even more interesting . 
secondly , although the music concerts were good , i think that some concert halls were too small . it was a shame to found that some of them were sold out because the short number of seats available . however , i really enjoyed the dance shows and the plays and films . i suggest it can be a good idea to set more projections next year . moreover , in my opinion two days is a short time for this kind of event , and i strongly encourage you to organise a full week festival . 
secondly , although the music concerts were good , i think that some concert halls were too small . it was a shame to find that some of them were sold out because of the reduced number of seats available . however , i really enjoyed the dance shows and the plays and films . i suggest it might be a good idea to arrange more projections next year . moreover , in my opinion two days is a short time for this kind of event , and i strongly encourage you to organise a full week's festival . 
finally , the prize was reasonably and it was helpful to have one ticket for all the weekend . 
finally , the price was reasonable and it was helpful to have one ticket for all the weekend . 
i hope you'll attend my suggestions . 
i hope you'll act on my suggestions . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
once upon a time , in a small catalan village , there was a little boy who loved cheating and making jokes . his father was a shelter , he had one hundred sheeps and one dog , and he used to take the animals to the mountain to feed them . one day , he became ill and was worried about the animals . his little son , called joan , decided quickly: " i will help you . i will take care of the sheeps for you , father " . 
once upon a time , in a small catalan village , there was a little boy who loved fooling around and making jokes . his father was a shepherd , and he had one hundred sheep and one dog , and he used to take the animals to the mountain to feed them . one day , he became ill and was worried about the animals . his little son , called joan , said quickly: " i will help you . i will take care of the sheep for you , father " . 
the next day he went to the mountain with the animals . at the beginning he was excited but soon he got bored . " let's have a bit of fun " , he thought . and then he started shouting: " the fox ! help me ! the fox ! " 
the next day he went to the mountain with the animals . at the beginning he was excited but soon he got bored . " let's have a bit of fun " , he thought . and then he started shouting: " the a fox ! help me ! the a fox ! " 
some people went to help him , and then realised that it was not true . they were angry . he did it more times , and at last nobody cared of the shoutings . 
some people came to help him , and then realised that it was not true . they were angry . he did it some more times , and in the end nobody took any notice of the shouts . 
one day , the fox attacked his animals and he shouted as much as he could . nobody came . then he learned to say always the truth . 
one day , the fox attacked his animals and he shouted as much as he could . nobody came . then he learned to tell always always to tell the truth . 
dear clark , 
dear clark , 
i am writing to you because i would like to give my personal opinion about the 'international arts festival . '
i am writing to you because i would like to give my personal opinion about the 'international arts festival . '
first of all i have to say that the whole festival was a greatful success and i also think you chose an appropriate title for the leaflet . however , there are some points which can be improved for the next year . 
first of all i have to say that the whole festival was a great success and i also think you chose an appropriate title for the leaflet . however , there are some points which can be improved for the next year . 
to begin with , you wrote down in the leaflet that stars and artists from around the world could be seen in the performance in fact their were only six countries involved . my suggestion for this point is to invite more people from different countries . 
to begin with , you wrote in the leaflet that stars and artists from around the world could be seen in the performance . in fact , there were only six countries involved . my suggestion for this point is to invite more people from different countries . 
furthermore is that some concert halls were definitely to small or in other words to many people attended those concerts . this kind of problem you could avoid when you look for big halls at the begining . 
furthermore some concert halls were definitely too small or in other words too many people attended those concerts . you could avoid this kind of problem if you look for big halls at the beginning outset . 
another point where you could improve is when you show more plays and films next year . 
another point where you could improve is if you show more plays and films next year . 
nearly at the end of this letter i have to say that the idea with the weekend ticket was really good because it gave to the people the opportunity to attemp a whole weekend for a cheap price . 
nearly at the end of this letter i have to say that the idea of the weekend ticket was really good because it gave the people the opportunity to attend for a whole weekend for a cheap price . 
to finish this letter with i would like to give you a good idea for next year . in my opinion it would be nice if you create an exhibition place where the guests can try to play different instruments . 
to finish this letter , i would like to give you a good idea for next year . in my opinion it would be nice if you created an exhibition space where the guests can try to play different instruments . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
how can you earn money in your spare time ? 
how can you earn money in your spare time ? 
i think everybody will ask himself this question one day or has already asked it . anyway the people where asked this question probably found out that it isn't so easy to earn money or that it is sometimes to much work . 
i think everybody will ask himself this question one day or has already asked it . anyway the people who asked this question probably found out that it isn't so easy to earn money or that it is sometimes too much work . 
a traditional way to earn money , in the spare time , is to bring newspapers or magazines to the families in your town or village . the problems that you have here is the weather . for example when it is rainy , because then everything get wet . 
a traditional way to earn money , in your spare time , is to deliver newspapers or magazines to the families in your town or village . the problem that you have here is the weather . for example when it is rainy , because then everything gets wet . 
another suggestion is that you go to your cinema and ask if they need your help for changing the film rolls , for cleaning the toilets or to do some other small jobs . 
another suggestion is that you go to your cinema and ask if they need your help with changing the film rolls , cleaning the toilets or doing some other small jobs . 
but in the case that you really want to do some interesting work in your spare time you should try to sell something where you're good at , i mean if you're interested in computers you should try to provide your service for other people . of course in the begining it is hard but you can learn a lot and if you're good at you'll also earn some money . 
but in the case that you really want to do some interesting work in your spare time you should try to sell something that you're good at , i mean if you're interested in computers you should try to provide your service for other people . of course in the beginning it is hard but you can learn a lot and if you're good at it you'll also earn some money . 
okay don't wait , there where you're good at and begin . 
okay don't wait , there where you're good at and begin . 
dear mr/mrs , 
dear sir/madam , 
i've seen your festival and i would like to give you my suggestions to it . i must say that international arts festival is really great idea . and your last festival was very intresting too . 
i've attended i attended your festival and i would like to give you my suggestions for it . i must say that the international arts festival is really a great idea . and your last festival was very interesting too . 
but also there are some notes that you should improve in the next year's festival to make it absolutelly wonderful . first of all , you must invite artists and stars from more countries around the world , because there are people only from six countries . i think it can make your festival more popular . 
but also there are some notes that you should improve in next year's festival to make it absolutely wonderful . first of all , you must invite artists and stars from more countries around the world , because there were people only from six countries . i think it can make your festival more popular . 
jazz , rock and classical concerts are amazing , but i think that some concert halls are too small , so not everybody can come . 
jazz , rock and classical concerts are amazing , but i think that some concert halls are too small , so not everybody can come . 
your dance shows are very beautiful , art exhibitions is something original and exciting . and also it is very interesting to talk with writers . 
your dance shows are very beautiful , the art exhibition is something original and exciting . and also it is very interesting to talk with writers . 
i think that one reasonably-priced weekend for all events is exellent idea because it isn't so expensive as buying ticket to each event , and with this ticket you can visit everything you want . i hope you will continue to making your festivals . 
i think that one reasonably-priced weekend ticket for all events is an excellent idea because it isn't so expensive as buying a ticket for each event , and with this ticket you can visit everything you want . i hope you will continue holding your festivals . 
your faithfully , 
yours faithfully , 
dear tom , 
dear tom , 
how are you ? thank you for your last letter . it was very interesting . the question you asked me in it is very original too . 
how are you ? thank you for your last letter . it was very interesting . the question you asked me in it is very original too . 
i must say that rules aren't same in schools of our country . every school has it's own rules . i think that my school is very democratic and so there are very good relations between teachers and students . we are all very friendly in our class and we help to each other when we have a problem . so the main rule in our school is regarding theachers . 
i must say that the rules aren't the same in the schools of our country . every school has its own rules . i think that my school is very democratic and so there are very good relations between teachers and students . we are all very friendly in our class and we help each other when we have a problem . so the main rule in our school is regarding teachers . 
i'm allowed to do many things at home . my parents are very kind , and they know that their son will do everything right . and the main reason why our family is so friendly , it's because we haven't go many rules . so , i think there isn't something i'd like to change . 
i'm allowed to do many things at home . my parents are very kind , and they know that their son will do everything right . and the main reason why our family is so friendly is because we haven't got many rules . so , i think there isn't anything i'd like to change . 
i hope everything is good in your family and your school . 
i hope everything is good in your family and your school . 
take care , 
take care , 
dear mrs clark , 
dear mrs clark , 
i am writing to you to give some opinion about the international arts festival that you have organized last november . first of all , i believe that it was very interesting , but there were few artists than i have expected . in fact they came from six countries . i wonder if it is possible for next year to have more artists and also bigger concert halls . in fact i have noticed that some concert need to more space . 
i am writing to you to give some opinions about the international arts festival that you organized last november . first of all , i believe that it was very interesting , but there were fewer artists than i had expected . in fact , they came from six countries . i wonder if it is possible for next year to have more artists and also bigger concert halls . in fact i have noticed that some concerts needed more space . 
i would be grateful if , next year , you could put more art exhibitions ( with more pictures ) in the program . i was very interested in the ticket of festival . it was not expensive and easy to use , because it was only one for all the events . 
i would be grateful if , next year , you could include more art exhibitions ( with more pictures ) in the programme . i was very interested in the festival ticket . it was not expensive and was easy to use , because there was only one for all the events . 
i would offer you one suggestion that concers the classical concerts . i think it would be interesting to invite young compositors to hear news from the classical music . 
i would offer you one suggestion that concerns the classical concerts . i think it would be interesting to invite young composers to hear new things from classical music . 
i look forward to receiving your reply
i look forward to receiving your reply
yours sincerely . 
yours sincerely . 
dear magda , 
dear magda , 
how are you ? well , i hope . i'm o . k . i've just received your letter and i'm going to reply to your questions . 
how are you ? well , i hope . i'm o . k . i've just received your letter and i'm going to reply to your questions . 
in my country there are some rules that are the same in all schools . for example , we have to wear in appropriate way , not talk to each other during the lessons and pay attention to the teachers . at this time , in my school there is a new rule . we aren't allowed to use the mobile phone in class . before this rule it was funny ( new sound in class , phones ring or sing . ) , but not for our headmaster . 
in my country there are some rules that are the same in all schools . for example , we have to dress in an appropriate way , not talk to each other during the lessons and pay attention to the teachers . at this time , in my school there is a new rule . we aren't allowed to use a mobile phone in class . before this rule it was funny ( new sound in class , phones ring or sing . ) , but not for our headmaster . 
and now about my home . 
and now about my home . 
i have to arrive in time for dinner , because it is the only time in which my family can eat together . for me , it's very stressfull and i usually run a lot to do it . in fact ( you know ) i like cheat with my class mates after our lessons . 
i have to arrive in time for dinner , because it is the only time at which my family can eat together . for me , it's very stressful and i usually run a lot to do it . in fact ( you know ) i like cheat with my classmates after our lessons . 
i'd like to change a rule at home . 
i'd like to change a rule at home . 
i'm not allowed to listen to music after 11 p . m . it's a boring rule . neighbours have complained about loud music . 
i'm not allowed to listen to music after 11 p . m . it's a boring rule . neighbours have complained about loud music . 
write to me soon about news in your life . 
write to me soon about news in your life . 
love
love
dear mrs clark , 
dear mrs clark , 
the discovery of the international arts festival was a pleasure for me because it gave me the opportunity to enjoy onto a really nice environment . 
the discovery of the international arts festival was a pleasure for me because it gave me the opportunity to enjoy a really nice environment . 
the proposal of reasonably- piced package including tickets and accomodations , well supported my personal organization : comfortable rooms easy to reach and booked tickets can help you if you decide at last minute . 
the reasonably- priced package , including tickets and accommodation , well suited my personal situation : comfortable rooms that are easy to reach and booked tickets can help you if you decide at the last minute . 
as far as the festival itself is concerned some small improvements could let it works better . 
as far as the festival itself is concerned , some small improvements could make it work better . 
different kinds of music is a good idea but some of them need special features . larger concert halls can allow people to better enjoy the quality of performances . 
having different kinds of music is a good idea but some of them need special features . larger concert halls can allow people to better enjoy the quality of the performances . 
also the introduction of different cultural experiences is a good idea but six countries can't be really considered as world wide representative . 
also , the introduction of different cultural experiences is a good idea but six countries can't really be considered as worldwide representative representative of the world . 
the aim to satisfy different interests should not let the quality decrease . 
the aim to satisfy different interests should not cause the quality to decrease . 
just a final note: why not more plays and films for the next year ? 
just a final note: why not have more plays and films next year ? 
thanks in advance for your attention 
thanks in advance for your attention . 
regards
regards
are you young , are you a student ? 
are you young , are you a student ? 
do you want to earn money ? 
do you want to earn money ? 
you are not alone ! 
you are not alone ! 
there are several opportunities for you:
there are several opportunities for you:
- ask for money to your parents ( mum is better ) , is the most traditional way but also the safest one
- asking for money from your parents ( mum is better ) is the most traditional way but also the safest one
- emprove your kindness and ask for works in restaurants or pubs , is a good training period for real life too ( be patient with demanding people is always required ) 
- improve your kindness and ask for work in restaurants or bars , it . it is a good training period for real life too ( being patient with demanding people is required ) . 
- test your health and ask for an outdoor activity ( seting as sandwich-man can also hep to test your pride ) 
- test your health and ask for an outdoor activity ( setting working as a sandwich-man can also help to test your pride ) 
- check your pal wallet and if you have enough money ( a very small amount ) you can arrange a trip to reach countries like phili , cuba , zambania , morocco where people ( poorer than you ) will offer small wages for small jobs . . you might enjoy your summer holidays and find yourself
- check your wallet and if you have enough money ( a very small amount ) you can arrange a trip to reach countries like chile , cuba , zambia , and morocco where people ( poorer than you ) will offer low wages for small jobs . . you might enjoy your summer holidays and find yourself
anyway , the best suggestion is always the best idea , the famous such a good idea that might change your life . o'm still looking for it . 
anyway , the best suggestion is always the best idea , the famous such a good idea that might change your life . i'm still looking for it . 
good luck ! 
good luck ! 
dear mr jane clark , 
dear ms clark , 
my name is rosa santor . i'm 24 and i'm student from poland . i study architecture at the polytechnics in krakow . i'm very interested in art , specially in paintings and goings to galleries . 
my name is rosa santor . i'm 24 and i'm a student from poland . i study architecture at the polytechnic in krakow . i'm very interested in art , especially in paintings and going to galleries . 
i'm writting you a letter , because you are the organiser of an international arts festival . 
i'm writing you a letter , because you are the organiser of an international arts festival . 
i recently spent two days at this festival . most of the events i went to were good , but i feel that festival could be even better next year . 
i recently spent two days at this festival . most of the events i went to were good , but i feel that the festival could be even better next year . 
it's very good that you organised an international arts festival in our country , but in my opinion if this is an international festival , it would has more stars and artists from around the world , not from only six countries , like it was this year . 
it's very good that you organised an international arts festival in our country , but in my opinion , if this is an international festival , it should have more stars and artists from around the world , not from only six countries , like this year . 
it was great idea for doing something like that . there were jazz , rock and classical concerts , but some concerts hall were too small for all people , who took a part at that festival . there were also plays and films , dance shows , which i liked the most , art exhibitions and talks by writers , but it would be good to see more plays and films next year . also a great idea was , that it was one reasonably-priced weekend ticket for all events . 
it was a great idea to do something like that . there were jazz , rock and classical concerts , but some concert halls were too small for all the people who took part in attended that festival . there were also plays and films , dance shows , which i liked the most , art exhibitions and talks by writers , but it would be good to see more plays and films next year . also it was a great idea to have one reasonably-priced weekend ticket for all events . 
i think , as a person , who in this festival took place in , that this is excellent , because we can spend a lot of time with art . there is only one bad fhing , that this festival was too short . in my opinion next year it should take place much longer than two days . 
i think , as a person who this festival took part in attended attended this festival , that it was excellent , because we could spend a lot of time with art . there is only one bad thing , that this festival was too short . in my opinion , next year it should take place over more than two days . 
i'm not looking foward to
i'm not looking forward expecting to
received letter from you , because i know , that you are busy , but please look at my suggestion for next year's festival . 
receive a letter from you , because i know that you are busy , but please look at my suggestion for next year's festival . 
yours sincerly , 
yours sincerely , 
dear kathleen , 
dear kathleen , 
i've been just receiving this letter for you , so i'm writting you . i hope that you feel good , because i haven't seen you for two years . 
i've just received this letter from you , so i'm writing to you . i hope that you feel good , because i haven't seen you for two years . 
you wrote that in your class , you've been talking about rules , both at home and at school . so now , i would like you write something about school rules in my country and also what i am allowed to do at home . 
you wrote that in your class , you've been talking about rules , both at home and at school . so now , i would like you tell to tell to tell you something about the school rules in my country and also what i am allowed to do at home . 
as you know i'm not a secondary school's student , i'm now a student of architecture in krakow . i have lessons from monday till friday . on sathurday and sunday we don't have lessons , but it doesn't seem that we don't have work . we are allowed to prepare for the next week's lessons . at my school there are a lot of drawings , paintings and some other subjects doing by hands . we also learn how to design the interiors and buildings . it's very interesting . we usually have lessons at the morning , till afternoon . we don't have tests during the whole student year , only at the end of the class . there are also some exams . after a few months we go somewhere with all class , for example next to the lake , and there we are paintings the nature . 
as you know , i'm not a secondary school student , i'm now a student of architecture in krakow . i have lessons from monday till friday . on saturday and sunday we don't have lessons , but it doesn't seem that we don't have work . we are allowed to prepare for the next week's lessons . at my school there is a lot of drawing and painting , and some other subjects done by hand . we also learn how to design interiors and buildings . it's very interesting . we usually have lessons in the morning , till the afternoon . we don't have tests during the whole student year , only at the end of the class . there are also some exams . after a few months we go somewhere with all the class , for example near a lake , and there we are painting paint nature . 
i don't have troubbles with my education , my friends and teachers are nice and friendly , but there is one thing i'd like to change in my school . i'd like to have more tests during the whole study , not only at the end , because it causes that i'm getting very lasy . 
i don't have troubles trouble with my education . my friends and teachers are nice and friendly , but there is one thing i'd like to change in my school . i'd like to have more tests during the whole course , not only at the end , because it's making me very lazy . 
i'm looking forward to received a new letter from you . i think , that you don't forget , &amp; will write me soon . 
i'm looking forward to receiving another letter from you . i think that you won't forget , &amp; will write to me soon . 
see you soon , your best friend
see you soon , your best friend
dear sir
dear sir
i'm writting to express my feeling and opinion about the international arts festival which held a few days ago . 
i'm writing to express my feeling and opinion about the international arts festival which was held a few days ago . 
when i found the advertisement of international arts festival , i was very excited . it is great to hold an annual international arts festival in the place . then i spent two days at the festival . i enjoyed it very much . there were so many exciting things i saw , such as stars and artists from around the world . jazz , rock and classical concerts , plays and dance show etc . the specified thing is worth to remind here is the reasonably-priced ticket for all events , it is excellent because most tourist could offer what they like . 
when i found the advertisement for the international arts festival , i was very excited . it is great to hold an annual international arts festival in this place . then i spent two days at the festival . i enjoyed it very much . there were so many exciting things i saw , such as stars and artists from around the world , jazz , rock and classical concerts , plays and dance shows etc . the specified thing that is worth reminding remembering here is the reasonably-priced ticket for all events , it is excellent because most tourists could offer what they liked . 
although how i enjoyed it , there were still something needed to be improved . for example , there were some conert halls which was too small to hold so much people , the stars and artists were just from six countries , which is not enough for audience . in the addition when you organize the next year's international arts festival , could you arrange more plays and films . 
although i enjoyed it , there were still some thing some things that needed to be improved . for example , there were some concert halls which were too small to hold so many people , the stars and artists were just from six countries , which is not enough for the audience . in addition , when you organize next year's international arts festival , could you arrange more plays and films ? 
thanks for reading this letter , i'm looking forward to the next year's festival . 
thanks for reading this letter , i'm looking forward to next year's festival . 
yours faithfully
yours faithfully
dear magda
dear magda
it is lovely to get your letter so soon . 
it is lovely to get your letter so soon . 
you mentioned the rules at home and at school in the letter . this remind me of what i experienced during my teeenage . in my country the children go to the secondary school when they are at the first year of teenage . your know , this age is the trouble age , boys have too much energy and girls want to fall in love with someone . these always annoy the school teacher and parents . in a result of these the teachers make very strict rules at school , such as students aren't allowed to speak each other in the class . they had to finish homework in a limited time . they cannot oppose to the teacher , girls are not allowed to make up and wear any accessories . at home , in my experience , my parents didn't allow me to go out in the evening and gave me much amsh homework to do , even in the holiday . they also forbidden me to make a boyfriend . i think it is not just what happened in my home many of my friend had the same experience . 
you mentioned the rules at home and at school in the letter . this reminds me of what i experienced during my teenage years . in my country the children go to secondary school when they are in the first year of being a teenager . you know , this age is the troublesome age , boys have too much energy and girls want to fall in love with someone . they always annoy the schoolteacher and their parents . as a result of this , the teachers make very strict rules at school , such as students aren't allowed to speak to each other in class . they have to finish homework within a limited time . they cannot oppose the teacher , girls are not allowed to wear make-up or wear any jewellery . at home , in my experience , my parents didn't allow me to go out in the evening and gave me a lot of homework to do , even in the holiday . they also forbade me to have a boyfriend . i think it is not just what happened in my home , many of my friends had the same experience . 
now i'm a mother of two children . they are all in the school . comparing to my experience , i want to give them more open attitude about everything . i want to be a mother of them and a friend of them . but at school , although i hope the teacher don't give students so much homework , don't forbidden the opposite voice of the students , there are nothing i can do because of our culture . it's quite sad . 
now i'm a mother of two children . they are both in school . compared to my experience , i want to give them a more open attitude about everything . i want to be a mother to them and a friend to them . but at school , although i hope the teacher doesn't give students so much homework , and doesn't forbid the opposite voice of the students , there is nothing i can do because of our culture . it's quite sad . 
i'm looking forward to receiving your next letter soon . 
i'm looking forward to receiving your next letter soon . 
best wishes
best wishes
16 . 12 . 00
16 . 12 . 00
dear jane
dear jane
firstly i want to tell you that the idea of the " international arts festival " was a really great idea . i enjoyed the festival pretty much . however i think that it could be better if you could rearrange little details . 
firstly , i want to tell you that the idea of the " international arts festival " was a really great idea . i enjoyed the festival pretty much . however i think that it could be better if you could rearrange small details . 
i think that next year you should have more artists from different countries , so that it can be a real international festival . this also would take more attraction to the festival . 
i think that next year you should have more artists from different countries , so that it can be a real international festival . this also would take more attraction to the festival . 
another point which i think was ennoying , are the concert halls . the concerts were great but the hall was too small for so much people i hope that next year the concerts will take place in a bigger hall . 
another point which i think was annoying is was the concert hall . the concerts were great but the hall was too small for so many people . i hope that next year the concerts will take place in a bigger hall . 
the plays and the films were really great . i enjoyed all of them . i hope to see much more films next year . 
the plays and the films were really great . i enjoyed all of them . i hope to see many more films next year . 
the best thing about the festival was the price i think , because it made a really big effect on the attraction , that of course made the festival much more enjoyable . 
the best thing about the festival was the price i think , because it had a really big effect on the attraction , and that of course made the festival much more enjoyable . 
i again want to say that it was really nice to be at the festival . i believe that next year will be better if you consider my ideas . 
i again want to say that it was really nice to be at the festival . i believe that next year will be better if you consider my ideas . 
your sinccerly 
yours sincerely sincerely 
16 . 12 . 00
16 . 12 . 00
dear andrew , 
dear andrew , 
i just received your letter and decided you to write back now ; because of your questions which were about the rules . i'm really tired of the rules in school ! 
i just received your letter and decided to write back now because of your questions which were about rules . i'm really tired of the rules in school ! 
actually not all the schools in turkey are so strict but unfortunatly the school that i'm going is like a military camp . the uniform , we are wearing has to be perfect . no one is allowed to wear anything which isn't written in the school rules . the general rules which are used in all schools aren't so strict however there are a few things that need to be changed . for example if you don't come to school 10 days in a year we fail that year . 
actually not all the schools in turkey are so strict but unfortunately the school that i'm going to is like a military camp . the uniform we wear has to be perfect . no one is allowed to wear anything which isn't written in the school rules . the general rules which are used in all schools aren't so strict , however there are a few things that need to be changed . for example , if you don't come to school for 10 days in a year , you fail that year . 
thank god it isn't so strict at home . my family allows me almost every thing except smoking and drinking alchol of course , which i don't do anyway . i am allowed to stay up late , i'm allowed to bring my friends home and stuff like that . however there is one thing that my parents don't like me to do . they hate it when i listen to music loudly . i think they don't like the music i listen to . 
thank god it isn't so strict at home . my family allows me almost everything except smoking and drinking alcohol of course , which i don't do anyway . i am allowed to stay up late , i'm allowed to bring my friends home and stuff like that . however there is one thing that my parents don't like me to do . they hate it when i play music loudly . i think they don't like the music i listen to . 
this is all that i can tell you about my school and family . rules are every where and you can't change them . so just don't think about them . 
this is all that i can tell you about my school and family . rules are everywhere and you can't change them . so just don't think about them . 
your best pen friend
your best pen friend
dear ms clark , 
dear ms clark , 
i had recently spent two days at your annual international arts festival . it was the first time i went and i was very pleased to go . i , actually , wasn't disappointed . however i would like to give my opinion about the festival . 
i recently spent two days at your annual international arts festival . it was the first time i have been and i was very pleased to go . actually , i wasn't disappointed . however i would like to give my opinion about the festival . 
first of all , i congratulate you on making this kind of event . it was such a good success that some people weren't able to have tickets ! you should increase the number of places you give . therefore , you could invite artists from around the world not only from six countries: it would be more pleasant . 
first of all , i congratulate you on organising this kind of event . it was such a great success that some people weren't able to get tickets ! you should increase the number of places you offer . therefore , you could invite artists from around the world and not only from six countries: it would be more pleasant . 
although i am keen on classical music , i found some concerts halled too small . i was wondering if you could improve that ? also , there were interesting films but not enough . perhaps , you could possibly meet some producers , who come from others countries in order to show different cultures . 
although i am keen on classical music , i found some concert halls too small . i was wondering if you could improve that ? also , there were some interesting films but not enough . perhaps you could possibly meet some producers who come from other countries in order to show different cultures . 
besides , to pay one reasonably-priced weekend ticket for all events is excellent because we could see all that we wanted without paying each time . 
besides , to buy one reasonably-priced weekend ticket for all events is excellent because we could see all that we wanted without paying each time . 
finally i suggest to invite important scientists like hubert reeves or aaroun tazief so as to inform the public about the new technologies or sciences because it also a kind of art ! 
finally , i suggest inviting important scientists like hubert reeves or aaroun tazief so as to inform the public about new technologies or sciences because they also are a kind of art ! 
i look forward to seeing the next festival ! 
i look forward to attending the next festival ! 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
dear laurel , 
dear laurel , 
thank you for your recent letter . i couldn't write sooner because i was very busy last week . 
thank you for your recent letter . i couldn't write sooner because i was very busy last week . 
i see you are interested in hearing about school rules in france and also about what i am allowed or not to do at home . 
i see you are interested in hearing about school rules in france and also about what i am allowed to do or not to do at home . 
to begin with the wchool rules we have in fact some important ones . firstly , when you arrive late at your lesson , you have to apologize you to your teacher . also when you have forgotten to do your homeworks . what's more , you had better have done them if you would have to go to the blackboard ! 
to begin with the school rules , we have in fact some important ones . firstly , when you arrive late for your lesson , you have to apologize to your teacher . also , when you have forgotten to do your homework . what's more , you had better do it or you will have to go to the blackboard ! 
although our library is very large , we mustn't make noise in order not to disturb the students , who work . it may be like that in your library , may not it ? 
although our library is very large , we mustn't make a noise in order not to disturb the students who are working . it may be like that in your library , is it ? 
i consider the school rules are good: we should respect the teachers and people who need to work . 
i consider the school rules are good: we should respect the teachers and people who need to work . 
at home , i have to look after my two little brothers when my parent's are here . if i don't make the cooking , i will have to do the washing up . i am sometimes allowed to watch the television when i have finished my homeworks . 
at home , i have to look after my two little brothers when my parents are here . if i don't do the cooking , i will have to do the washing up . i am sometimes allowed to watch the television when i have finished my homework . 
fortunately i can play violin when i want even if i haven't done my homework . it is what i like most . 
fortunately , i can play the violin when i want , even if i haven't done my homework . it is what i like most . 
i don't really want to change that , i think it is just like this . i hope this answer satisfies you . 
i don't really want to change that , i think it is fair like this . i hope this answer satisfies you . 
i look forward to receiving your next letter ! 
i look forward to receiving your next letter ! 
best wishes
best wishes
dear jane , 
dear jane , 
i have read the advertisement for the festival and i must say it is a great idea . i would like to tell you some suggestions . 
i have read the advertisement for the festival and i must say it is a great idea . i would like to give you some suggestions . 
the stars and artist are from only six countries , and some concerts take place in small halls . i think you should put it in the advertisement . are there going to be more plays and films next year ? 
the stars and artists are from only six countries , and some concerts take place in small halls . i think you should put that in the advertisement . are there going to be more plays and films next year ? 
i find the reasonably-priced ticket excellent , because there is a lot of people who went to see only one or two events , and by paying the all events ticket they might see other events and learn about something they didn't expected to find interesting . i would like you to answer my letter . 
i find the reasonably-priced ticket excellent , because there are a lot of people who go to see only one or two events , and by paying for the all-events ticket , they might see other events and learn about something they didn't expect to find interesting . i would like you to answer my letter . 
i'm looking forward to hearing from you , 
i'm looking forward to hearing from you , 
dear john , 
dear john , 
here in brazil the rules at school depends on the school . in general , the rules at private schools are much harder than the ones at state schools . in mine , we didn't have many rules . for example , nobody said anything when we smoked in the garden or in the bathroom . we were allowed to go out if we didn't want to stay in class . but we had to use the uniform and we had to study a lot to pass the exams . 
here in brazil the rules at school depend on the school . in general , the rules at private schools are much stricter than the ones at state schools . in mine , we didn't have many rules . for example , nobody said anything when we smoked in the garden or in the bathroom . we were allowed to go out if we didn't want to stay in class . but we had to wear the uniform and we had to study a lot to pass the exams . 
the rules at home are very different . i am allowed to do what i want as long as i studie enough to aprove . i think that my parents let me do what i want , because they trust me . they know that if i go out with the car , i will not drink . it is not allways easy , but there are rules in every home and you have to respect them . 
the rules at home are very different . i am allowed to do what i want as long as i study enough to aprove . i think that my parents let me do what i want because they trust me . they know that if i go out with the car , i will not drink . it is not always easy , but there are rules in every home and you have to respect them . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you , 
i am looking forward to hearing from you , 
16/12/2000
16/12/2000
dear jane clark , 
dear jane clark , 
first of all , i'd like you to know that the whole organization was nearly excellent . i spent two nice days at the festival full of art . 
first of all , i'd like you to know that the whole organization was almost excellent . i spent two nice days at the festival full of art . 
the idea of making the festival " international " was very good . i could find the opportunity to watch the artists from different countries , but there could have been stars from more than 6 countries . the jazz , classical and rock concerts were great despite some of the concert halls were too small . plays and films i watched were also excellent , but more could be on the stage next year . i joined the art exhibitions and saw interesting pictures . the dance shows made sight for our sour eyes , they were really fascinating . i learned so many things about the writers and their ideas , their life styles by talking to them . beyond all these , the application of joining all activities by one nice-priced nice priced ticket was excellent ; because it saved you from buying one ticket for each activity . next year , i think you should increase the number of shows , concerts and others , also the time spent at the festival ( for example: at least 5 days ) , then everything would be perfect . 
the idea of making the festival " international " was very good . i could find the opportunity to watch artists from different countries , but there could have been stars from more than 6 countries . the jazz , classical and rock concerts were great despite some of the concert halls being too small . the plays and films i watched were also excellent , but more could be on the stage next year . i attended the art exhibitions and saw interesting pictures . the dance shows were a sight for our sore eyes ; they were really fascinating . i learned so many things about the writers and their ideas , not to mention their lifestyles , by talking to them . in addition to all that , the idea of joining in all the activities with one nicely reasonably priced ticket was excellent because it saved you from having to buy one ticket for each activity . next year , i think you should increase the number of shows , concerts and other things , and also the time spent at the festival ( for example: at least 5 days ) , then everything would be perfect . 
thank you for making a great festival which made all the art activities come together . 
thank you for holding a great festival which made all the arts activities come together . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
dear jennifer , 
dear jennifer , 
i'm glad that everything's going on well there . it's the same here . i've got too many exams nowadays , but that's all . by the way , it would be better if you wrote quite often to me . 
i'm glad that everything's going on well there . it's the same here . i've got a lot of exams at the moment , but that's all . by the way , it would be better if you wrote to me quite often . 
the things you wrote about the rules made me think for a long time and i understood that some really don't make any sense ! the more you obey the rules , the better person you are ! our school is really very diciplined , especially about our clothes and behaviours . i understand the second part , but i can't get the reason of wearing in white an dark blue only . do we become the " perfect one " then ? then again , we have to obey all these rules . it can be said that i'm much more free at home . i'm allowed to do whatever i want at my room . i can't go out at nights easily , but that is not something that i mind about . there are three main things that are very important for my family: respect , honesty and trust . i think i show these three to them . 
the things you wrote about the rules made me think for a long time and i understood that some really don't make any sense ! the more you obey the rules , the better person you are ! our school is really very disciplined , especially about our clothes and behaviour . i understand the second part , but i can't understand the reason for wearing white and dark blue only only wearing white and dark blue . do we become the " perfect one " then ? then again , we have to obey all these rules . it can be said that i'm much freer at home . i'm allowed to do whatever i want in my room . i can't go out at nights easily , but that is not something that i mind about . there are three main things that are very important for my family: respect , honesty and trust . i think i show these three to them . 
don't ever forget to write to me , okay ? 
don't ever forget to write to me , okay ? 
love , 
love , 
dear ms j . clark , 
dear ms j . clark , 
i am writing to you to thank for so good organisation of international arts festival , where i'd spent two exellent days recently . 
i am writing to you to thank you for your very good organisation of the international arts festival , where i spent two excellent days recently . 
i would like to inform you whed the idea was great and i hope that so needful for people events would become a good tradition in our country . i think that providing such festivals could help people to be in the centre of cultural life of the world and to have enough information about the new art styles 
i would like to inform you that the idea was great and i hope that so needful for people events will become a good tradition in our country . i think that providing such festivals could help people to be at the centre of cultural life of the world and to have enough information about new artistic styles . 
but i hope that next year visitores of festival would be able to introduce with more art groups from all over the world . i suggest it would be very intresting to meet artists from far and exotic countries . 
but i hope that next year visitors to the festival will be able to be introduced to more art groups from all over the world . i suggest it would be very interesting to meet artists from faraway and exotic countries . 
also , if i were you i would make your concert halls a bit larger , because of too many people would like to spend their holidays with their families on your festival next year 
also , if i were you i would make your concert halls a bit larger , because very many people would like to spend their holidays with their families at your festival next year . 
event this year some halls , which i had visited were overcrowded and there were some problems with ventilation during some shows 
at the event this year some halls which i visited were overcrowded and there were some problems with ventilation during some shows . 
finishing my letter , i hope what my notes could help you to make next-year festival more intersting and comfortable for public 
to finish my letter , i hope that my notes can help you to make next year's festival more interesting and comfortable for the public . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
want to be independent ? earn yourself . 
want to be independent ? earn money for yourself . 
everybody knows that common students are not the richest persons in the world . but then you are at the university you need money more , then anybody else want . 
everybody knows that ordinary students are not the richest people in the world . but when you are at university you need money more then anybody else want . 
it is so because you are young and need to make your life as intrestng as it can be now . 
it is so because you are young and need to make your life as interesting as it can be now . 
all that discos , concerts , touristic trips have to be paid by a different sum of those small coloured pieces of paper , called money
all those discos , concerts , and tourist trips have to be paid for with different sums of those small coloured pieces of paper called money
of course , the easiest way to have them is to ask your parents for help , but a great number of young persons want to be independent . so thy need to get a job that is very difficult when you haven't any special education and experience yet . 
of course , the easiest way to get it is to ask your parents for help , but a great number of young people want to be independent . so they need to get a job and that is very difficult when you haven't got any special education and experience yet . 
most common way to earn is baby-sitting . many young people earn their pocket money so , helping neighbouring parents to have a bit more spare time . other students work as house or office managers , make promontion of different goods or even as a bouncer . naturally , it's easier to get a job then you were good in foreign languagers or computers . when you can find yourself as a tourist guide or as a secretary . 
the most common way to earn money is babysitting . many young people earn their pocket money in this way , helping parents in the neighbourhood to have a bit more spare time . other students work as house or office managers , make promotion of sell different goods or even work as bouncers . naturally , it's easier to get a job when you are good at foreign languages or computers . then you can find yourself work as a tourist guide or as a secretary . 
sometimes small groups of students organized their own small business . for example , they can design furniture or clothes , make web-sites and so on . in two words , if the young man want to earn a bit of money by his own hands , the luck and success will find him 
sometimes small groups of students organize their own small business . for example , they can design furniture or clothes , create websites and so on . in short , if a young man wants to earn a bit of money himself , luck and success will find him . 
dear jane clark , 
dear jane clark , 
the reason i am writing this letter is to congratulate you for the international arts festival . i think the festival was fine but in my opinion there must be some improvements to make this festival better . 
the reason i am writing this letter is to congratulate you on the international arts festival . i think the festival was fine but in my opinion there should be some improvements to make this festival better . 
firstly , there were stars and artists only from six countries . this number may be increased to attract more and different people . also some concerts holls were too small for this much people . in contrast with the halls , the concerts were great and i saw everybody enjoyed then . i must admit that you are very successful about finding good stars . 
firstly , there were stars and artists from only six countries . this number should be increased to attract more and different people . also some concert halls were too small for this many people . in contrast with the halls , the concerts were great and i saw everybody enjoyed then . i must admit that you were very successful at finding good stars . 
the films and plays were not so many . as a result of this the kinds of films were not enough . in order to attract more people with different interests , the films and plays should be increased . i have nothing to say with the dance show , art exhibitions and talks by writers . they were excellent and they attracted any kind of people . 
the films and plays were not very many there were not very many films and plays . as a result of this there were not enough kinds of films . in order to attract more people with different interests , the films and plays should be increased . i have nothing to say about the dance show , art exhibitions and talks by writers . they were excellent and they attracted all kinds of people . 
another paht is the tickets . the weekend ticket is excellent because it is not so expensive and it allows to see everything . but i was disappointed that there were no competition between the films performed i think there should be an oscar-like competition in order to make people more ambitious to make better films . 
another point is the tickets . the weekend ticket is excellent because it is not very expensive and it allows you to see everything . but i was disappointed that there was no competition between the films shown . i think there should be an oscar-like competition in order to make people more ambitious to make better films . 
dear elinor , 
dear elinor , 
i'm so glad to receive your lost letter because i've started to think that you were angry about me for not writing for a long time . i promise i'll write more 
i was so glad to receive your last letter because i'd started to think that you were angry with me for not writing for a long time . i promise i'll write more . 
the school rules are horrible here . we are restricted to do nearly everything . the school is like a dungeen here . i don't went to be so evel about school but the rules are rules and they are limiting us with the borders of our school . 
the school rules are horrible here . we are restricted in doing nearly everything . the school is like a dungeon here . i don't want to be so evil about school but rules are rules and they are limiting us within the borders of our school . 
we must wear the uniform-like clothes all the day and week they don't even let us to wear different sweaters - etc other than dark blue . it is boring . we are not allowed to compare our thoughts during the lessons becase the teachers think that we are chatting . how poor their imagination are ! ! 
we must wear uniform-like clothes all day and all week . they don't even let us wear different sweaters , etc other than dark blue . it is boring . we are not allowed to compare our thoughts during the lessons because the teachers think that we are chatting . how poor their imaginations are ! ! 
however we are free at home . you could do anything you like as long as you have good grades . if you don't , you hear the same word every day , " study , study , study " ! nobody likes to study but we have to . 
however we are free at home . you can do anything you like as long as you have good grades . if you don't , you hear the same word every day , " study , study , study " ! nobody likes to study but we have to . 
you can't imagine how happy i am and i'm looking forward to hearing from you soon 
you can't imagine how happy i am and i'm looking forward to hearing from you soon . 
love , 
love , 
dear madam , 
dear madam , 
i'm writing to you in order to express my feelings about the international arts festival . i spent two days there , and i think it was the best arts festival i have ever been at . i also hope , that the festival could be even better next year . the great idea of making it " international " was unfortunately not brought to life , because the artists ( mentioned to be " from around the world " ) were from only six countries . maybe the eason for that is very simple: lack of money ? it would explain , why some concert halls were simply too small - you just couldn't afford bigger ones . 
i'm writing to you in order to express my feelings about the international arts festival . i spent two days there , and i think it was the best arts festival i have ever been to . i also hope that the festival could be even better next year . the great idea of making it " international " was unfortunately not brought to life , because the artists ( said to be " from around the world " ) were from only six countries . maybe the reason for that is very simple: lack of money ? it would explain why some concert halls were simply too small - you just couldn't afford bigger ones . 
on the other hand , the wide range of plays and films to choose impressed me most . i thank you for organizing it , and hope to see more next year . 
on the other hand , the wide range of plays and films to choose from impressed me the most . i thank you for organizing it , and hope to see more next year . 
i also thank you for the excellent idea of one ticket for all events , which allowed me to see all the things i was interested in . 
i also thank you for the excellent idea of having one ticket for all events , which allowed me to see all the things i was interested in . 
my suggestion for next year's festival is simple - please make it a few days longer ! 
my suggestion for next year's festival is simple - please make it a few days longer ! 
yours faithfully , 
yours faithfully , 
dear friend , 
dear friend , 
thank you for your last letter - i was very pleased to receive it . if you really want to hear about school rules in my country , i'll try to write about them in a nutshell . 
thank you for your last letter - i was very pleased to receive it . if you really want to hear about school rules in my country , i'll try to write about them briefly . 
we do not have many school rules , and the teachers are rather liberal . we don't have to wear any special uniforms on signs of our school . some rules are really simple: we must be at school on time , and we must not disturb others during the classes . we are not allowed to smoke cigarettes or drink alcohol of course ! in winters we are to change our shoes . it may sound funny , but mud , gravel and snow lying on the school's floors is not a nice sight , so we change our schoes without questioning that rule . i am also used to write exams which are in polish schools very often . 
we do not have many school rules , and the teachers are rather liberal . we don't have to wear any special uniforms or signs of our school . some rules are really simple: we must be at school on time , and we must not disturb others during classes . we are not allowed to smoke cigarettes or drink alcohol of course ! in winter we are to change our shoes . it may sound funny , but mud , gravel and snow lying on the school floors is not a nice sight , so we change our shoes without questioning that rule . i am also used to writing exams which are in polish schools very often very often in polish schools . 
at home i don't have many rules either . i must wash the dishes from time to time ( i sometimes try to avoid this unpleasant duty ) and clean our house . 
at home i don't have many rules either . i must wash the dishes from time to time ( i sometimes try to avoid this unpleasant duty ) and clean our house . 
i don't think there is anything i'd like to change . i'm very pleased with my situation and i hope you are pleased with yours ! 
i don't think there is anything i'd like to change . i'm very pleased with my situation and i hope you are pleased with yours ! 
your faithfully , 
yours faithfully , 
ms clark , 
dear ms clark , 
i am writing to you in order to give you some advice about the annual international arts festival . 
i am writing to you in order to give you some advice about the annual international arts festival . 
last season i spent two days at the festival . i enjoyed myself very much , but i think that the organization of the next festival could be better . 
last season i spent two days at the festival . i enjoyed myself very much , but i think that the organization of the next festival could be better . 
first of all , as i see it the idea of an arts festival is great because in this way many people can know artists who cames from different countries . unfortunately , in the last edition there were artists who cames from only six countries , so i think you should invite artists from other countries , for example from africa . 
first of all , as i see it the idea of an arts festival is great because in this way many people can get to know artists who comes come from different countries . unfortunately , in the last edition the artists came from only six countries , so i think you should invite artists from other countries , for example from africa . 
secondly , i appreciated the fact that there were concerts of different kind of music , but in this case the main problem was that some concerts hall were too small , and because of it i couldn't see one of the concerts in programme . 
secondly , i appreciated the fact that there were concerts for different kinds of music , but in this case the main problem was that some concert halls were too small , and because of that i couldn't see one of the concerts on the programme . 
in my opinion , one of the best things of the last festival was that there were not only concerts . i saw films and i played ping-pong . in the next edition will be more or less ? i hope more . the thing that i liked much more than others , was that i had to buy only one ticket for all events , and it was no pricey . 
in my opinion , one of the best things about the last festival was that there were not only concerts there . i saw films and i played ping-pong . at the next edition will there be more or less of that ? more i hope . the thing that i liked much more than anything else was that i only had to buy one ticket for all the events , and it was not pricey . 
it is clear that for me the last festival was really great , so i have only one suggestion to give you , i think you should do a baby-parking , in fact a certain number of women couldn't see the festival because of their sons . 
it is clear that for me the last festival was really great , so i have only one suggestion to give you . i think you should have a kindergarten . in fact a certain number of women couldn't see the festival because of their children . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours faithfully 
yours sincerely 
i like read very much , because every book that i read shows me a different world . what i try to explain is that in every book there are characters or situations really different . 
i like reading very much , because every book that i read shows me a different world . what i am trying to explain is that in every book there are characters or situations that are really different . 
so we can read realistic stories or fantastic , it depends from what we prefer . 
so we can read realistic stories or fantastic ones . it depends on what we prefer . 
i always prefer read books that are inusual in some way , because they give me the opportunity of escape from the everyday reality . one of my favourite books is without doubts , wuthering heights a famous book written by emily bront . the attention of the is focused on the unfortunate love of heatcliff and catherine . 
i always prefer to read books that are unusual in some way , because they give me the opportunity to escape from everyday reality . one of my favourite books is without doubt wuthering heights , a famous book written by emily bront . the attention of the is focused on the unfortunate love between heatcliff and catherine . 
they are the main characters of that book , and what caracterize them is the violence of their passions . in this book you can find only good or bad characters , everything is good or bad . if you look at this book like a painting you can't see afumature of colours , you see only primary colours . 
they are the main characters of that book , and what characterize characterizes them is the violence of their passions . in this book you can find only good or bad characters ; everything is good or bad . if you look at this book like a painting you can't see afumature of colours , you see only primary colours . 
in other words , when i read a book i want to go in a world where i can find something different from my everyday life . 
in other words , when i read a book i want to go into a world where i can find something different from my everyday life . 
dear jane clark , 
dear jane clark , 
i'm writting to you because i've been in the international arts festival and it was a pleasure . let me introduce myself: i'm mary , i'm nineteen and i'm studying arts . as well , i want you to know my opinion and i'd like to give you my suggestions , because it would be useful to you for the next festival . 
i'm writing to you because i went to the international arts festival and it was a pleasure . let me introduce myself: i'm mary , i'm nineteen and i'm studying arts . also , i want you to know my opinion and i'd like to give you my suggestions , because it would be useful for you for the next festival . 
firstly , i want to congratulate you for the idea , i think that it's very important the development of the arts and that everybody could assist without paying too much . having a ticket for all the events is a great method because it's an organised way of paying and you win time . 
firstly , i want to congratulate you on the idea . i think that is very important the development of the arts the development of the arts is very important and that everybody could attend without paying too much . having one ticket for all the events is a great method because it's an organised way of paying and you save time . 
on the other hand , i must tell you that some concert halls are too small , so you can't be enough confortable to apreciate the event . other thing , is that the artists come only from six countries , so don't cheat the people by saying that they are from all the world . 
on the other hand , i must tell you that some concert halls are too small , so you can't be enough comfortable comfortable enough to appreciate the event . another thing is that the artists come only from six countries , so don't deceive people by saying that they are from all over the world . 
in my opinion , you should call more artist from other countries and have some concert halls bigger or may be change the distribution . 
in my opinion , you should invite more artists from other countries and have some bigger concert halls or maybe change the distribution . 
well , i think that everything is told but could you tell me , if it's possible , if there will be more plays and films next year ? 
well , i think that i have told you everything but could you tell me , if possible , if there will be more plays and films next year ? 
i'm waiting for your answer . 
i'm waiting for your answer . 
faithfully , 
yours sincerely , 
dear jane , 
dear jane , 
thanks for your letter , it was nice to hear from you again . i've recently started the classes so all the rules were given to us , like you know , the first day . as you want me to tell you how about the rules are here , i'll start . 
thanks for your letter : it was nice to hear from you again . i've recently started classes so all the rules were given to us , as you know , on the first day . as you wanted me to tell you what the rules are like here , i'll start . 
firstly , in our classroom you can't shout , you must be quite and sat . you must pay attention always because you don't know if the teacher will ask you some question . in exams , you can't talk to the teacher , either you mustn't eat chuingham or take a walkman with you . in my home i can avoid that rules . my mum only doesn't want me to arrive late . however , i can go dancing whenever i want but telling her previously . my mum is a lovely woman and she doesn't know how much i love her because most of the day i'm outside , but that's the true . my father is a bit jealous but agrees with what my mum says . 
firstly , in our classroom you can't shout , you must be quiet and sit down . you must always pay attention because you don't know if the teacher will ask you some question . in exams , you can't talk to the teacher , and you mustn't eat chewing gum or take a walkman with you . in my home i can avoid those rules . my mum just doesn't want me to arrive late . however , i can go dancing whenever i want but i must tell her beforehand . my mum is a lovely woman and she doesn't know how much i love her because most of the day i'm outside , but that's the truth . my father is a bit jealous but agrees with what my mum says . 
so , i'm free when i'm out of the school . i'd like it would be nicer going there . 
so , i'm free when i'm out of school . i'd like it would be nicer going there . 
lots of love , 
lots of love , 
dear mrs jane clark
dear mrs clark
i'm writing to express my dissatisfaction with international arts festival , which was organised by you last year . however i think that international arts festival is a great idea and i suggest you prepare it better . 
i'm writing to express my dissatisfaction with the international arts festival , which was organised by you last year . however , i think that international arts festival is a great idea but i suggest you prepare it better . 
firstly , it was written on the advertisment that there would be stars and artist from around the world i believe that it's difficult to arrange meetings with foreign stars but there were artist from only six countries and in my opinion there
firstly , it was written in the advertisement that there would be stars and artists from around the world . i believe that it's difficult to arrange meetings with foreign stars but there were artists from only six countries and in my opinion there
should be more . secondly , the concerts took place in concert halls , which in my opinion were too small . that was the reason why some people were complaining . 
should be more . secondly , the concerts took place in concert halls which in my opinion were too small . that was the reason why some people were complaining . 
thirdly , i suggest you should put more plays and films next year , because watching them is a very nice way of spending our freetime . 
thirdly , i suggest you put more plays and films on next year , because watching them is a very nice way of spending our free time . 
fourthly , i have to admit that a big advantage was your idea about giving one reasonably-priced weekend ticket for all events . that was excelent because it attracted peoples' attention 
fourthly , i have to admit that a big advantage was your idea of giving one reasonably-priced weekend ticket for all events . that was excellent because it attracted people's attention . 
lastly , i'd like to give you a piece of advice . i suggest you invite some film stars , because they are very famous and people like them 
lastly , i'd like to give you a piece of advice . i suggest you invite some film stars , because they are very famous and people like them . 
i hope you'll look into these matters and improve the festival next year . 
i hope you'll look into these matters and improve the festival next year . 
i look forward to hearing from you 
i look forward to hearing from you , 
yours sincerly 
yours sincerely 
nowadays everybody wants to earn money . young people know that money make the world go round , so they always look for a job with big salary . some people say that the young shouldn't be independent and earn on their own , but i am sure that it's better to work in your free-time than waste it . in my opinion the young should work rather than wait for their pocket money . there are a lot of possibilities to earn some money but of course the young are not able to get well-paid job , because they are not enough experienced and educated . they have to think about some season jobs . firstly , the good way to earn money is , to help the old . they often are not able to do shopping or walk the dog . if you help them , they may give you some money as a reward . secondly , you can find an easy job in a shopping centre . it's better paid and permanent job . you can work in storage , look after the goods or catch shoplifters . if you are good mathematic you can be a seller . 
nowadays everybody wants to earn money . young people know that money makes the world go round , so they always look for a job with a big salary . some people say that the young shouldn't be independent and earn on their own , but i am sure that it's better to work in your free time than waste it . in my opinion , the young should work rather than wait for their pocket money . there are a lot of possibilities of earning some money but of course the young are not able to get a well-paid job , because they are not experienced and educated enough . they have to think about seasonal jobs . firstly , a good way to earn money is to help the old . they are often not able to do their shopping or walk the dog . if you help them , they may give you some money as a reward . secondly , you can find an easy job in a shopping centre . it's better paid and a permanent job . you can work in storage , look after the goods or catch shoplifters . if you are a good mathematician you can be a seller . 
thirdly if you are good looking you can apply for a job in restaurant and become waiter . maybe you'll not get a big salary but think about the tips , which in the posh restaurants are very high . 
thirdly , if you are good-looking you can apply for a job in a restaurant and become a waiter . maybe you'll not get a big salary but think about the tips , which in the posh restaurants are very high . 
lastly , if you like playing instruments and you don't like working you can go busking . if you are good musician you will get a lot of money . 
lastly , if you like playing instruments and you don't like working you can go busking . if you are a good musician you will get a lot of money . 
dear jane clark , the organiser of international arts festival
dear jane clark , the organiser of the international arts festival
i'm one of the citizen that enjoyed the last international arts festival . most of attractions are excellent , but i'd like to point out that " quality is high , but quantity is not enough ! . 
i'm one of the citizens people that enjoyed the last international arts festival . most of the attractions were excellent , but i'd like to point out that the quality was high , but the quantity was not enough . 
first of all , the only " six countries " doesn't mean " around the world " . i suppose you had difficulty to manage the schedule . 
first of all , the only " six countries " doesn't mean " around the world " . i suppose you had difficulty managing the schedule . 
second , some concert hall were too small , so some audience couldn't concentrate to listen to the music . and others couldn't enter the hall . 
second , some concert halls were too small , so some of the audience couldn't concentrate on listening to the music . and others couldn't enter the hall . 
but " all in one ticket " was a good idea . in fact queuing up in front of every ticket office is wasting time . 
but the " all-in-one ticket " was a good idea . in fact queuing up in front of every ticket office is a waste of time . 
i pressume if the term becomes longer the festival become more excellent . because it's easy to manage the artist schedule and audience can enjoy the live . 
i presume if the term becomes longer the festival will become excellent better , because it'll be easier to manage the artists artists' schedule and the audience can enjoy the live . 
i'd like to go to the festival again ! 
i'd like to go to the festival again ! 
thank you for your letter . and i'd like to answer for your question . at first , in japan , generally school rules are more strictly than home's . the gap between them is tremendously big ! i can say the action which is prohibitted at school is no problem at home . because the purpose of school rules is not only discipline but also unify . 
thank you for your letter . and i'd like to answer your question . first , in japan , generally school rules are more strict than at home . the gap between them is tremendously big ! i can say the actions which are prohibited at school are no problem at home , because the purpose of school rules is not only to create discipline but also unity . 
here , i write down one of the rules at my school . " whenever the students wear an extra cloth ( because of cold or something ) his or her ( not students ! ) parents write down an application form with their authorized signatures " . 
here , i will write down one of the rules at my school . " whenever the students wear an extra item of clothing ( because of the cold or something ) his or her ( not the student ! ) parents fill in an application form with their authorized signatures " . 
you will ask me why , the reason is the above . . . " unify " . in addition " the students must not use any commercial paper bags ( received at department store etc ) " . now you know the reason ! 
you will ask me why . the reason is given above . . . " unity " . in addition " the students must not use any commercial paper bags ( received at a department store etc ) " . now you know the reason ! 
needless to say i'd like to change such ridiculous rules , because such rules are not for us . they are for teachers ' ! don't you think so ? 
needless to say i'd like to change such ridiculous rules , because such rules are not for us . they are for teachers ! don't you think so ? 
do you have any rules at school that make you upset ? if you have please tell me . 
do you have any rules at school that make you upset ? if you have please tell me . 
yours faithfully 
yours faithfully 
dear jane clark , 
dear jane clark , 
i am writing this letter to give my opinion on the last international arts festival . 
i am writing this letter to give my opinion on the last international arts festival . 
firstly i found amazing the number of starts and artist who came to the festival although they where from only six countries around the world . the concerts and the dance show were incredable , except for the classical concert that halled to small . 
firstly , i found amazing the number of stars and artists who came to the festival the number of stars and artists who came to the festival amazing although they were from only six countries around the world . the concerts and the dance show were incredible , except for the classical concert that was in a hall too small too small a hall . 
secondly the plays and films were very good organized despide being short number . i suggest to do a couple more next year . the art exhibition and the talks by writers were great . the art exhibition showed us a new life style and society , it was totaly different from ours . the talks by writers were very tecnic but it could be understood by all the people who were in the festival 
secondly , the plays and films were very well organized despite the low numbers . i suggest you do organise a couple more next year . the art exhibition and the talks by writers were great . the art exhibition showed us a new lifestyle and society that was totally different from ours . the talks by writers were very technical but they could be understood by all the people who were at the festival . 
in conclusion , i am impresed on all the good organisation , the service and the cost of the weekend ticket for all events . the price has been excelent because there wasn't any limit of hours . 
in conclusion , i was impressed by all the good organisation , the service and the cost of the weekend ticket for all events . the price was excellent because there wasn't any limit of time time limit . 
i hope that you organice this festival for all the following years . 
i hope that you organise this festival for all the coming years . 
your sincerely
yours sincerely
dear alice , 
dear alice , 
how are you ? i'm pleased to hear from you . 
how are you ? i was pleased to hear from you . 
as you already know i go to an english school , bear house , in spain . the rules in my country are standart , i mean , the rules are very similar to other countries in europe . 
as you already know i go to an english school , bear house , in spain . the rules in my country are standard normal , i mean , the rules are very similar to other countries in europe . 
at school you aren't allowed to bring connected movil phones although there are more than one student that does it . teachers will take it from you if it rangs during school hours . as well you aren't allowed to bring drugs or arms , to smoke or to drink alcohol inside the school . you have to respect other peoples opinion , teachers , school's material and people who works in the school . if you broke one of these rules you could be expulsed for a week , a month or for ever . 
at school you aren't allowed to bring in connected mobile phones although there is more than one student that does . teachers will take it from you if it rings during school hours . nor are you allowed to bring drugs or arms , to smoke or to drink alcohol inside the school . you have to respect other people's opinions , teachers , school equipment and people who work in the school . if you break one of these rules you could be expelled for a week , a month or for ever . 
at home i'm allowed to do what i want if i'm respectful with my parent's time table . i can go out at night once a week if i tell them were i'm going to be . in case i lie them or don't explain my plans that my friends and i have i want be able to go out . as well have the responsability to look after my brother in case they aren't at home . 
at home i'm allowed to do what i want if i'm respectful of my parents' timetable . i can go out at night once a week if i tell them where i'm going to be . if i lie to them or don't explain the plans that my friends and i have i won't be able to go out . and , and will have the responsibility of looking after my brother when they aren't at home . 
answering to you question i won't change nothing because i think that these are the minimum rules that a theenager have to have to be responsable in a future . 
in answer to your question , i wouldn't change anything because i think that these are the minimum rules that a teenager has to have to be responsible in the future . 
love 
love 
dear mrs clark , 
dear mrs clark , 
i am writing to you because , as one of the visitors of the international arts festival which took place two weeks ago in our city , i would like to let you know some of my opinions - and suggestions , as well - related with what i saw in the festival and what i could not see , but i would have liked to find . 
i am writing to you because , as one of the visitors of the international arts festival which took place two weeks ago in our city , i would like to let you know some of my opinions - and suggestions , as well - related to what i saw at the festival and what i could not see , but i would have liked to find . 
first of all , i must congratulate the people responsible of this good idea . it is known of all the lack of art festivals and cultural activities in general that shows our city . and what a belter thing to solve this than to give the festival an international character . 
first of all , i must congratulate the people responsible for this good idea . we all know that our city lacks art festivals and cultural activities in general . and what better way to solve this than to give the festival an international character . 
but including only six countries in the festival does not seem enough , in my opinion . i think next year you should invite more different countries , because the festival would be more multicultural . 
but including only six countries in the festival does not seem enough , in my opinion . i think next year you should invite more countries , because the festival would be more multicultural . 
secondly , there were some problems of accommodation in the classical concerts because some concert halls were too small . another important thing is that , despite the number and quality of films , there were , from my point of view , not many plays . in addition , i would like to talk about the success among most visitors of the weekend ticket , due to its economical price and because of its comodity in use . 
secondly , there were some accommodation problems in the classical concerts because some concert halls were too small . another important thing is that , despite the number and quality of films , there were , from my point of view , not many plays . in addition , i would like to talk about the success with most visitors of the weekend ticket of the weekend ticket with most visitors , due to its economical price and because of its commodity ease of use . 
finally , i would like to suggest that , in next year's festival , you include different kinds of music , as ska or ethnical music . 
finally , i would like to suggest that , in next year's festival , you include different kinds of music , like ska or ethnic world music . 
yours faithfully , 
yours sincerely , 
who doesn't want to earn some money ? the topic says that young people have a lot of problems , but without any doubt , money is one of the most important of them . 
who doesn't want to earn some money ? the topic says that young people have a lot of problems , but without any doubt , money is one of the most important of them . 
if you still don't have economical freedom from your parents and your studies don't permit you to have a full-time job , these are some suggestions that maybe will help you . 
if you still don't have financial independence from your parents and your studies don't permit you to have a full-time job , these are some suggestions that maybe will help you . 
one possible thing is to display in a public place what you can do best , and , then , " sell " it to the people . for example , you can dance folk be hamlet in the street , or even sing with some of your friends a nice song from you country . you must be aware , anyway , of the difficulty of this kind of things ( bad weather , no attention from the people and so on ) 
one possible thing is to display what you can do best in a public place , and , then , " sell " it to the people . for example , you can do a folk dance , do hamlet in the street , or even sing with some of your friends a nice song from your country a nice song from your country with some of your friends . you must be aware , however , of the difficulties with these kinds of things ( bad weather , no attention from the people and so on ) . 
but maybe you are too shy to do this . in this case , you can cook some cakes and sell them near a school or in the centre of the city , as well as other traditional products: cheese , honey , chocolate . . . 
but maybe you are too shy to do this . in this case , you can cook some cakes and sell them near a school or in the centre of the city , as well as other traditional products: cheese , honey , chocolate . . . 
another thing that can be useful is to make some pottery or do original paintings and sculptures . you don't need to be a picasso , it's enough with a bit of imagination . 
another thing that can be useful is to make some pottery or do original paintings and sculptures . you don't need to be a picasso : is enough a bit of imagination a bit of imagination is enough . 
if you don't feel like doing any thing of this , you have alternative solutions . if you like fishing , you can try to colaborate with the local market or some shops , in order to sell them the fish you can achieve by yourself . 
if you don't feel like doing any of this thing of these things , you have alternative solutions . if you like fishing , you can try to collaborate with the local market or some shops , in order to sell them the fish you catch yourself . 
finally , if anything of the above result , you can prepare the classical parties in discos or work as a babysitter it doesn't matter how , the aim is always money . 
finally , if none of the above achieves a result , you could organise classical parties in discos or work as a babysitter . it doesn't matter how , the aim is always money . 
dec . 16th , 2000
dec . 16th , 2000
dear ms clark , 
dear ms clark , 
i am writing to mention my opinions on the international arts festival that you have organised this year . it was a great idea , but i think i need to make some points about the things that i found unsatisfactory . 
i am writing to mention my opinions on the international arts festival that you have organised this year . it was a great idea , but i think i need to make some points about the things that i found unsatisfactory . 
first of all , i was disappointed that the artists invited were from only six countries . next year's festival will be much better if artists from places other than europe and the usa take part in it . 
first of all , i was disappointed that the artists invited were from only six countries . next year's festival will be much better if artists from places other than europe and the usa take part in it . 
secondly , despite the high quality of the concerts , some of the halls they were given in were too small for the crowd of audition . they were cold and moist , too , because the air-conditioning system was insufficient . 
secondly , despite the high quality of the concerts , some of the halls they were given in were too small for the audience . they were cold and damp , too , because the air-conditioning system was inadequate . 
thirdly , i think more plays and films should be shown next year . however , i found the idea of a single ticket for all events of the weekend excellent , as the price was reasonable and access to a wide range of events was provided . 
thirdly , i think more plays and films should be shown next year . however , i found the idea of a single ticket for all the events of the weekend excellent , as the price was reasonable and access to a wide range of events was provided . 
finally , i should say that i had a very good time in spite of the flaws and i would like to thank you for it . i wish to enjoy an even better festival next year . 
finally , i should say that i had a very good time in spite of the flaws and i would like to thank you for it . i wish to enjoy an even better festival next year . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
dec 16th , 2000
dec 16th , 2000
dear mary , 
dear mary , 
i'm glad to have received your letter and i'd really like to talk about the school and family rules here . 
i'm glad to have received your letter and i'd really like to talk about the school and family rules here . 
firstly , the weirdest rule in our schools is that we must wear uniforms all the time . this is especially bad for us girls , as we are obliged to wear skirts and we cannot climb the stairs or run like the boys . but apart from this , i think most rules of the school are quite reasonable , like addressing to the teacher using the second plural person ( it is different in turkish ) or standing up when s/he enters the class . as we are a developing country , teachers are quite respected . 
firstly , the weirdest rule in our schools is that we must wear uniforms all the time . this is especially bad for us girls , as we are obliged to wear skirts and we cannot climb the stairs or run like the boys . but apart from this , i think most rules of the school are quite reasonable , like addressing the teacher using the second person plural ( it is different in turkish ) or standing up when s/he enters the class . as we are a developing country , teachers are quite respected . 
another thing different from your schools is that we don't change classrooms between periods . we stay in the class in which we have been registered for the whole year , and a different teacher comes in every period . 
another thing that is different from your schools is that we don't change classrooms between periods . we stay in the class in which we have been registered for the whole year , and a different teacher comes in every period . 
let me talk about the rules at home . we like chatting on the phone so much that most of us' parents have limited the talking time down to five minutes , threatening to cut off the wires otherwise . also , as most of us live in flats , we're not allowed to listen to loud music or run or play ball games in the house ! but we are legally allowed to play instruments like the piano until 10 p . m . 
let me talk about the rules at home . we like chatting on the phone so much that most of our parents have limited the talking time to five minutes , threatening to cut off the wires otherwise . also , as most of us live in flats , we're not allowed to listen to loud music or run or play ball games in the house ! but we are legally allowed to play instruments like the piano until 10 p . m . 
i'd love to write more , mary , but i'm in a real rush nowadays . this month has been full of exams and there are still ones coming up next week , so i must be a swot as you see . anyway , i'm looking forward to hearing your comments about our rules . 
i'd love to write more , mary , but i'm in a real rush nowadays . this month has been full of exams and there are still some coming up next week , so i must be a swot as you see . anyway , i'm looking forward to hearing your comments about our rules . 
take care ! 
take care ! 
dear jane clark , 
dear jane clark , 
i had a wonderful time at the international arts festival . i think this festival is a great idea to enjoy arts from around the world , but i also have some complaints . 
i had a wonderful time at the international arts festival . i think this festival is a great idea in that it allows people to enjoy arts from around the world , but i also have some complaints . 
first of all , i got disappointed when i found that there were no artists from indonesia . there were stars and artists from only six countries . 
first of all , i was disappointed when i found that there were no artists from indonesia . there were stars and artists from only six countries . 
secondly , the concert halls . the performances were great , but some halls were too small to accomodate so many people there were that day . a crowded hall is not good to enjoy musics . 
secondly , the concert halls . the performances were great , but some halls were too small to accommodate all the people who were there that day . a crowded hall is not good when it comes to enjoying music . 
overall , however , the festival was definitely a great success . i liked plays and films , and want to see more next year . the special tickets were excellent because we could enjoy arts without worrying about money . so all you need to improve is to have larger concert halls . i also suggest that you should make it easier to find out where and what is being held using more notice boards . 
overall , however , the festival was definitely a great success . i liked the plays and films , and want to see more next year . the special tickets were excellent because we could enjoy the arts without worrying about money . so all you need to improve things are larger concert halls . i also suggest that you should make it easier to find out where and what is going on using more noticeboards . 
i have no doubt that you will succeed in next year's festival . 
i have no doubt that you will succeed with next year's festival . 
sincerely yours , 
sincerely yours , 
i would like to recommend the job , a home teacher . it is a job that you become a teacher and visit your student at his or her house . 
i would like to recommend the job of home tutor . it is a job where you become a teacher and visit your student at his or her house . 
the best advantage of this job is the payment . it is very good considering how less time we spend on it . it's about 3 , 000 yen per hour in my district . it is also attractive that this job rarely affects our university studies . students who want home teachers are usually primary school , junior high school , or senior high school students , and it means they take lessons after school , not in a daytime . so , in a daytime , we can focus in our studyings . 
the best advantage of this job is the pay . it is very good considering how little time we spend on it . it's about 3 , 000 yen per hour in my district . it is also attractive that this job rarely affects our university studies . students who want home tutors are usually primary school , junior high school , or senior high school students , and that means they take lessons after school , not in the daytime . so , in the daytime , we can focus on our studies . 
it is not so easy for every student , though . because teaching requires a lot of knowledge . you have to be much smarter than your student , and you also need to prepare for lessons , for it is your responsibility to provide your student right information . 
it is not so easy for every student , though , because teaching requires a lot of knowledge . you have to be much smarter than your student , and you also need to prepare for lessons , because it is your responsibility to provide your student with the right information . 
as you see , teaching is a hard work in some respect . but i am enjoying it and getting a lot out of it . 
as you see , teaching is hard work in some respects . but i am enjoying it and getting a lot out of it . 
dear ms jane clark
dear ms clark
i am writing to you because i have some suggestion about next year festival , and if it is possible i can give you some opinions about this year festival . 
i am writing to you because i have some suggestions for next year's festival , and if it is possible i like would like to give you some opinions about this year's festival . 
firstly , in your advertisement states: stars and artist from around the world , and this year one only from six countries it would be great if there was more artist not only six . 
firstly , in your advertisement it states: stars and artists from around the world , but this year they were only from six countries . it would be great if there were more artists and not just six . 
secondly , the concerts are fantastic , especially rock concerts . i very enjoy on it , but some of the halls are too small . i saw that a lot of people were unsatisfied . 
secondly , the concerts were fantastic , especially the rock concerts . i a lot enjoyed them enjoyed them a lot , but some of the halls are too small . i saw that a lot of people were unsatisfied . 
another thing , plays and films . i saw only 2 plays and 3 films . for me it is too little . one of the reasons that i have visited your art festival was to saw a lot of plays in future i supposed to be an actress and that's way i want to learn something from professionalists . i hoe that next year i will . 
another thing , plays and films . i saw only 2 plays and 3 films . for me it is too few . one of the reasons that i have visited your arts festival was to see a lot of plays . in the future , i suppose hope to be an actress and that's why i want to learn something from the professionals . i hope that next year i will . 
the last thing is that i was very surprised when i read that you have weekend-price weekend price . this is excellent idea because during the week people don't have too much time to go to the festival . now they can visit it by whole family at the weekend and see all events in reasonaby-price 
the last thing is that i was very surprised when i read that you have a weekend ticket . this is an excellent idea because during the week people don't have too much time to go to the festival . now they can visit it with the whole family at the weekend and see all events for a reasonable-price reasonable price . 
i believe that you consider my opinions . if you can't consider all of then , i would like only one: more and once more plays ! 
i hope that you consider my opinions . if you can't consider all of them , i would like only one: more and more plays ! 
yours faithfully 
yours sincerely 
dear annabel
dear annabel
thank you for your letter , and i'm sorry i didn't write . i have examinations , but now i have plenty of time and i can write a letter to you . in your letter you ask me about rules in school and home i have . i think that they are the same as yours , but i'm not sure at 100 per cent so i vrite :
thank you for your letter , and i'm sorry i haven't written . i have had examinations , but now i have plenty of time and i can write a letter to you . in your letter you ask me about the rules at school and home i have i have at school and home . i think that they are the same as yours , but i'm not sure 100 per cent 100 per cent sure so i write am writing this letter :
rules at school are: we must be on time at lessons , always have make homework . everybody must be present at lessons . if someone is ill must bring a paper from a doctor . and the main rule is that everyone must be nice to teachers at home i must clean my room and vacuuming home . i often go shopping and help my mother clean windows . i like clean my home , and i like when there is clean and fresh . however i'm the only child and i don't have do too much but i want and i like it . there is one thing i like to change , the treatment students by teachers . they want too much for student and are unkindly for them . 
the rules at school are: we must be on time for lessons , and we always must must always do our homework . everybody must be present at lessons . if someone is ill , they must bring a note from a doctor . and the main rule is that everyone must be nice to the teachers . at home i must clean my room and vacuum the home . i often go shopping and help my mother clean windows . i like cleaning my home , and i like it when it is clean and fresh . however i'm the only child and i don't have to do too much but i want to and i like it . there is one thing i would like to change , and that is the treatment students receive from teachers . they want too much from students and are unkind to them . 
that's all , i hope that i give you answers for all questions you have . 
that's all . i hope that i have given you answers for all the questions you had . 
give my best wishes to your family 
give my best wishes to your family . 
bye
bye
to:
to:
from:
from:
i spent two days at annual international arts festival from 21 to 22 of november . 
i spent two days at the annual international arts festival from 21 to 22 of november . 
this festival was well-orginised . there were a lot of activities for everyone . i relly liked exhibitions . i had a chance to see amazing pictures with wezy painted by russian painters . there was an excellent jazz concert . the band " three kings " apresented new stily of music . i would like to notice that a dance show was absolutelly marvelous . what's a greit idea to invite writers there ! i relly liked to speak with them . 
this festival was well-organised well organised . there were a lot of activities for everyone . i really liked the exhibitions . i had a chance to see amazing pictures with wezy painted by russian painters . there was an excellent jazz concert . the band " three kings " presented a new style of music . i would like to notice that the dance show was absolutely marvellous . what a great idea to invite writers ! i really liked to talk talking with them . 
from my point of view i can complain only on a small concert hall and there were artist from only six countries . nowadays many people fond of classical music , but this concert was too small that's why many people had to miss this classical concert . 
from my point of view i can complain only about the small concert hall and the fact there were artists from only six countries . nowadays many people are fond of classical music , but this concert was too small . that's why many people missed this classical concert . 
you wrote an advertisment that people from more than 15 deferent countries were going to visit this concert , but there were artists only from 6 countries . it was relly pity because i expected to see artists from france and italy . 
you wrote an advertisement saying that people from more than 15 different countries were going to visit this concert , but there were artists from only 6 countries . it was really a pity because i expected to see artists from france and italy . 
the international arts festival was organised quite well . i would only recomended you to have more artists and a classical concert should be in bigger hall than it was . 
the international arts festival was organised quite well . i would only recommended recommend you have more artists and the classical concert should be in a bigger hall . 
one man and one woman lived in small house beside the sea . there names were ivan and maria . they were so pour that somitimes they hardly had something to eat . 
one man and one woman lived in a small house beside the sea . their names were ivan and maria . they were so poor that sometimes they hardly had anything to eat . 
one day ivan caught a fish . it wasn't usual fish , it was gold fish and it asked him as human ; ' please , let me go and i can do for you anything you want ' . but ivan was so kind person that he let gold fish went without any condition . 
one day ivan caught a fish . it wasn't a normal fish . it was a gold fish and it talked to him like a human : ' please , let me go and i can do anything you want for you ' . but ivan was such a kind person that he let gold fish go without making any conditions . 
afterwards he came back home . he told her wife about this story . she was angry and she said that ivan was just foolish man . she persuide him to go to the sea to ask a lot of things for her . ivan had to do what she said . gold fish did everything what ivan asked . 
afterwards he came back home . he told his wife this story . she was angry and she said that ivan was just a foolish man . she persuade persuades persuaded him to go to the sea to ask for a lot of things for her . ivan had to do what she said . gold fish did everything that ivan asked . 
when he come back home , he was surprise because maria was more angry than before . she said that it wasn't enough what gold fish had done for her . 
when he comes came back home , he was surprised because maria was more angry than before . she said that what gold fish had done for her wasn't enough . 
ivan had to beg gold fish again and again . in the end , greedy maria wanted impossible thing . she said that ivan should bring gold fish to home and ivan could leave this house because she didn't need him anymore . maria wanted too much and gold fish returned everything at the beginning . maria and ivan were again poor . 
ivan had to beg gold fish again and again . in the end , greedy maria wanted impossible things . she said that ivan should bring gold fish home and ivan could leave their house because she didn't need him anymore . maria wanted too much and gold fish returned everything at the beginning . maria and ivan were poor again . 
this story happened a long time ago . 
this story happened a long time ago . 
dear mr. clark , 
dear mr. clark , 
i'm a italian student who has come to the last international arts festival . 
i'm an italian student who came went to the last international arts festival . 
i think this festival is a great idea because it's a possibility to see and to love the art , but , i think also there are some things thas could be changed . 
i think this festival is a great idea because it's an opportunity to see and to appreciate art , but i also think there are some things that could be changed . 
i noticed that the artists were from only six countries insted that from around the world . this choice doesn't give many artists the possibility to expresse themself . 
i noticed that the artists were from only six countries instead that from around the world . this choice doesn't give many artists the opportunity to express themselves . 
some concert halls were too small and often people couldn't see the performances . 
some concert halls were too small and often people couldn't see the performances . 
there were many events that i think there were a few plays and films . maybe it would be better put more of them in the programme because they like so much to young people . 
there were many events and i think there were a few plays and films . maybe it would be better to put more of them in the programme because young people like them so much . 
the very about young people , the choice to offer a reasonably-priced weekend ticket is a excellent idea because it brings them to have a contact with all what it art . 
the very about young people , the decision to offer a reasonably priced weekend ticket is an excellent idea because it brings them to have a contact with all what it art . 
i hope that my opinion can help you to set fro the next year a great internation arts festival alone to young people . 
i hope that my opinion can help you to organize for next year a great international arts festival alone to young people . 
thank you and greetings . 
thank you and greetings . 
i think a good way to get money it's work in a fast-food . 
i think a good way to get money is to work in a fast-food restaurant . 
maybe the first impression isn't positive but from my personal experience , i can say that this kind of job is right for get some money . for six months i've worked in a mcdonald's restaurant in italy and i've got lots of money . i worked eight hours every day but in every fast-food you can work part-time , four , three , six hours every day . 
maybe the first impression isn't positive but , from my personal experience , i can say that this kind of job is fine for getting some money . for six months i've worked in a mcdonald's restaurant in italy and i've got lots of money . i worked eight hours every day , but in every fast-food restaurant you can work part-time , four , three , six hours every day . 
it depends on what you need . 
it depends on what you need . 
this kind of job is perfect for the young people who want get money and in the meantime they have to study . 
this kind of job is perfect for young people who want to get money and at the same time have to study . 
if you work in a fast-food you can work in the afternoon , or during the night and so you have time for yourself . 
if you work in a fast-food restaurant you can work in the afternoon , or during the night , and so you have time for yourself . 
in the staff you can also find young people and getting fun with them during the work . 
among the staff you can also find young people and having have fun with them during work . 
what do you want more ? 
what more do you want ? 
if you need money and you need time for yourself try a job like that . 
if you need money and you need time for yourself try a job like that . 
dear mrs . clark , 
dear mrs . clark , 
the international arts festival was very interesting including the fact that stars and artists had also come from around the world . i enjoyed it tremendously . later i found out that the stars and artists had only come from six countries . 
the international arts festival was very interesting including the fact that stars and artists had also come from around the world . i enjoyed it tremendously . later i found out that the stars and artists had only come from six countries . 
not only were there jazz and rock but there were clasics as well . the only thing that distracted me was the size of the concert halls . they were very small and i was pushed by everyone . 
not only were there jazz and rock but there were classical concerts as well . the only thing that distracted me was the size of the concert halls . they were very small and i was pushed by everyone . 
there were wonderful plays and films which i hope that there would have been more . all the other shows such as dance shows , art exhibition and talks by writers were very amusing . 
there were wonderful plays and films which i hope there will be more of . all the other shows such as dance shows , art exhibitions and talks by writers were very entertaining . 
i was happy at the end as the weekend tickets were reasonably-priced for all events . i thought it was worthwhile to have spent two days in the arts festival at the end . 
i was happy at the end as the weekend tickets were reasonably priced for all events . i thought it was worthwhile to have spent two days at the arts festival in the end . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
once upon a time there was a widow and a widower . they treated each other as if they were husband and wife . 
once upon a time there was a widow and a widower . they treated each other as if they were husband and wife . 
around two years later there was a meeting . by that time the widow could not walk and the widower could not see . when the widower sensed that the widow badly wanted to go , the widow clung on the widower's back and set off telling him where to go . 
around two years later there was a meeting . by that time the widow could not walk and the widower could not see . when the widower sensed that the widow badly wanted to go , the widow clung on the widower's back and set off telling him where to go . 
on the way they were thirsty so when they looked into the lake , they saw a long bar of gold . the widower told the widow leave it alone as they couldn't share it when the widow told him . they kept going on until they met a fat , small man . he came and said to the widower that he was to bring him on his back . the widow who was afaid told the man of the gold . 
on the way they were thirsty so when they looked into the lake , they saw a long bar of gold . the widower told the widow leave it alone as they couldn't share it when the widow told him . they kept going on until they met a fat , small man . he came and said to the widower that he was to take him on his back . the widow , who was afaid , told the man about the gold . 
when the man hurriedly ran to the lake , all he found was a long snake . he was just able to kill it by cutting the snake into half by using his knife which was as sharp as a sickle . 
when the man hurriedly ran to the lake , all he found was a long snake . he was just able to kill it by cutting the snake in half by using his knife which was as sharp as a sickle . 
the man went back to the widower and kicked him . the widower was confused and they went to the lake . they were very surprised when they found out the gold was cut in half . they lived happily ever after . this story happened a long time ago . 
the man went back to the widower and kicked him . the widower was confused and they went to the lake . they were very surprised when they found out the gold was cut in half . they lived happily ever after . this story happened a long time ago . 
dear j . clark , 
dear j . clark , 
i'm writing in response to your advertisement about the annual international arts festival . i really think it was a great idea to organize such a festival in our city as there are lots of people fond of art over here . i'm sure they are all very grateful to you now . 
i'm writing in response to your advertisement about the annual international arts festival . i really think it was a great idea to organize such a festival in our city as there are lots of people fond of art over here . i'm sure they are all very grateful to you now . 
i've already been to the festival and i think it's really important to let people see artists from all over the world . it would be wonderful if there were stars from more than six countries next year , the festival would be even more interesting then . 
i've already been to the festival and i think it's really important to let people see artists from all over the world . it would be wonderful if there were stars from more than six countries next year , the festival would be even more interesting then . 
i also think the places you have chosen for the classical concerts were not good sometimes , some of the halls seemed to be too small . but your idea about the weekend ticket is just excellent , people from the whole country get the opportunity to visit your festival and see all the events you are offering . 
i also think the places you have chosen for the classical concerts were not good sometimes , some of the halls seemed to be too small . but your idea about the weekend ticket is just excellent , people from the whole country get the opportunity to visit your festival and see all the events you are offering . 
i've got just one more suggestion for next year's festival . you could probably show a little bit more films and interviews with the most interesting artists . i'm sure it would attract lots of young people . 
i've got just one more suggestion for next year's festival . you could probably show a few more films and interviews with the most interesting artists . i'm sure it would attract lots of young people . 
well , thank you very much for this festival , my friends and i have enjoyed it a lot . 
well , thank you very much for this festival , my friends and i have enjoyed it a lot . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
dear dave , 
dear dave , 
thank you so much for your lovely letter , it's always great to get something from you . howe are things going over there ? it's quite difficult to talk bout our school rules actually , but i'll try to help you somehow . hope it will be interesting for you . bu the way , are you allowed to smoke in the school ? our teaches don't let us smoke of course , but you can always see some students smoking outside , so it's not that strict to be honest . we're not allowed to drink alcohol as well and quarrel with any of the teaches . 
thank you so much for your lovely letter , it's always great to get something from you . how are things going over there ? it's quite difficult to talk about our school rules actually , but i'll try to help you somehow . hope it will be interesting for you . by the way , are you allowed to smoke in the school ? our teachers don't let us smoke , of course , but you can always see some students smoking outside , so it's not that strict to be honest . we're not allowed to drink alcohol as well and quarrel with any of the teachers . 
as for our rules at home , it's always different and depends just on your family . 
as for our rules at home , it's always different and just depends on your family . 
my parents are not very strict as you know and i appreciate them for giving me freedom . they understand that i can make my own decisions , but i know they will never leave me and they will help me and my brother nay time we need it . i think the only rule in my house is to care bout each other . 
my parents are not very strict , as you know , and i appreciate them for giving me freedom . they understand that i can make my own decisions , but i know they will never leave me and they will help me and my brother any time we need it . i think the only rule in my house is to care about each other . 
i hope to hear from you soon
i hope to hear from you soon
ideas to improve the festival
ideas to improve the festival
dear jane clark , 
dear jane clark , 
i went to the international arts festival and saw some interesting things , but many points could be better . that is why i write to you , to give you some suggestions that you can take into consideration or not . 
i went to the international arts festival and saw some interesting things , but many points could be better . that is why i'm writing to you , to give you some suggestions that you can take into consideration or not . 
firstly , it is a good idea that the festival is international . but in the advertisement it was written that the artists were from all the world and i saw only six nationalities . 
firstly , it is a good idea that the festival is international . but in the advertisement it was said that the artists were from all over the world but i saw only six nationalities . 
secondly , the classical concerts were excellent and the halls were so crowded that nobody could walk . in my opinion , it would be important to rent bigger halls next year . 
secondly , the classical concerts were excellent but the halls were so crowded that nobody could walk . in my opinion , it would be important to rent bigger halls next year . 
thirdly , i noticed that the plays and the films were a good entertainment . it attracted a lot of people and they were really joyous after that . 
thirdly , i noticed that the plays and the films were good entertainment . they attracted a lot of people and they were really joyous after that . 
finally , the reasonably price of the tickets for the weekend was a good point , because all kind of people an afford to buy it . i also think that you should put a snack-bar or a little restaurant so as the people are not too hangry and morever you can realise big benefits 
finally , the reasonable price of the tickets for the weekend was a good point , because all kinds of people can afford to buy them . i also think that you should have a snack bar or a little restaurant so that the people are not too hungry and moreover you can make a lot of profit . 
in conclusion , in the whole the festival was a success , but these suggestions can maybe help you to improve . 
in conclusion , on the whole the festival was a success , but these suggestions can maybe help you to improve it . 
i hope you will not take this letter as a complaint and i look forward to going to the next festival . 
i hope you will not take this letter as a complaint and i look forward to going to the next festival . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
home and school rules
home and school rules
dear andrew , 
dear andrew , 
i receive your letter and thank you for it . i am very happy to hearing from you and i hope that you are fit . as expected , i want to talk at first about my school and then about my home . 
i have received your letter and thank you for it . i am very happy to hear from you and i hope that you are well . as expected , i want to talk first about my school and then about my home . 
as you know , i finished school two years ago . this year , i started a private school in dijon . so the rules are clear , you need to participate to the lessons and also be successful at the exam of june 2000 . in our class , we don't have problem with students who dislike to work , because we are all there for the same reasons and nobody wants to say there years and years . it is also expensive and i can't afford to stay there too long . 
as you know , i finished school two years ago . this year , i started a private school in dijon . so the rules are clear , you need to participate in the lessons and also pass the exam in june 2000 . in our class , we don't have a problem with students who dislike working , because we are all there for the same reasons and nobody wants to stay there for years and years . it is also expensive and i can't afford to stay there too long . 
in my sweet home , my parents let me do what i want , because i am an adult now . but when we are in society , we have to be careful not to disturb the other persons . it is the same in our family and for example my parents dislike hearing music in the whole house or that i let dust everywhere . when i go out , they don't give me an hour to be at home , because i don't exagerate . 
in my sweet home , my parents let me do what i want , because i am an adult now . but when we are out , we have to be careful not to disturb the other people . it is the same in our family for . for example , my parents dislike hearing music throughout the whole house or that i let dust everywhere . when i go out , they don't give me a time to be home , because i don't exaggerate i'm sensible . 
in conclusion , i don't want to change something in my house or at school , because i totaly agree with the few rules that i have . 
in conclusion , i don't want to change anything in my house or at school , because i totally agree with the few rules that i have . 
i hope these few information can help you and i look forward to hearing from you 
i hope these few pieces of information can help you and i look forward to hearing from you . 
best wishes
best wishes
ireland , 16 december 2000
ireland , 16 december 2000
dear mrs clark , 
dear mrs clark , 
i am writing to you about the international arts festival which took place these 21 and 22 november . i think it is a great idea to have this kind of festival in our region and i really enjoyed most of the events i went to . however , i feel that it could be even better next year . 
i am writing to you about the international arts festival which took place on the 21 and 22 november . i think it is a great idea to have this kind of festival in our region and i really enjoyed most of the events i went to . however , i feel that it could be even better next year . 
firstly , according to your advertisement , the 'stars and artists from around the world' came from only six countries . i felt quite disappointed as everybody knows that " our " world is full of different cultures . maybe not enough were represented . 
firstly , according to your advertisement , the 'stars and artists from around the world' came from only six countries . i felt quite disappointed as everybody knows that " our " world is full of different cultures . maybe not enough were represented . 
in spite of the fact that the classical concerts were really good , i think that some concert halls were too small and so not everybody could appreciate the good quality of the music . 
in spite of the fact that the classical concerts were really good , i think that some concert halls were too small and so not everybody could appreciate the excellent quality of the music . 
i really enjoyed the plays and films , i wonder if there would be more next year ? i hope so ! 
i really enjoyed the plays and films . i wonder if there will be more next year ? i hope so ! 
finally , i would like to tell you that the idea of one reasonably-priced ticket for the weekend is excellent , we can go where we want to , see what we feel like to . however , i think a weekend is really too short . may i suggest you to think about doing the festival over one week . 
finally , i would like to tell you that the idea of one reasonably priced ticket for the weekend is excellent . we can go where we want to , see what we feel like seeing . however , i think the weekend is really too short . may i suggest you think about doing the festival over a week . 
i look forward to hearing from you soon . 
i look forward to hearing from you soon . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
dear magda , 
dear magda , 
thanks very much for your letter . as you asked me in it , here are some school and home rules in my country , france . 
thanks very much for your letter . as you asked me in it , here are some of the school and home rules in my country , france . 
first of all , and i think it's a big difference with england , children don't wear uniforms at school . i was very surprised when i saw them in your country . it was a bit funny for me . 
first of all , and i think it's very different in england , children don't wear uniforms at school . i was very surprised when i saw them in your country . it was a bit funny for me . 
of course when you're in class you have to behave yourself , be polite with the teacher and the other school children . during the break too , usually some teachers stay out and keep an eye on you . i think nowadays , children are more free and heard , i mean the contact between them and adults . usually they know what they're allowed to do or not and if they don't respect it , the teacher not only punishes them ( not always ) but also speaks with them . 
of course when you're in class you have to behave yourself and be polite with the teacher and the other schoolchildren . during the break , usually some teachers stay out and keep an eye on you . i think nowadays , children are more free and heard . i mean as regards the contact between them and adults . usually they know what they're allowed to do or not and if they don't respect it , the teacher not only punishes them ( though not always ) but also speaks with them . 
at home is different , each family has its own rules . as i am concerned , when i was a child , i was not allowed to stay very late with my parents and sometimes i wanted to because i was not tired . but i was a wise child , so ! usually , at home , like at school , you have to behave yourself but differently , because you're at home so you feel more confident . there are some rules like " don't speak with a full mouth " ; " don't put your finger in your noise " ; " say please and thank you " ; " don't fight with your brother " ; and so on , but i think it's the same everywhere . 
at home it is different . each family has its own rules . as far as i am concerned , when i was a child , i was not allowed to stay up very late with my parents and sometimes i wanted to because i was not tired . but i was a clever child . so , usually , at home , like at school , you have to behave yourself but differently , because you're at home so you feel more confident . there are some rules , like " don't speak with a full mouth " ; " don't put your finger in your nose " ; " say please and thank you " ; " don't fight with your brother " ; and so on , but i think it's the same everywhere . 
well , i hope i've helped you a little and i look forward to hearing from you soon . 
well , i hope i've helped you a little and i look forward to hearing from you soon . 
with lots of love , 
with lots of love , 
dear ms clark , 
dear ms clark , 
i write you this letter because i want to tell you my experiences of the festival . i have spent two days at the " international arts festival " and i have to say that it was a good event but i think some details could be better the next time . for example , on the leaflet it was written that there will be stars and artists from around the world but they were only from six different countries . that was disappointing ! some concert halls were really small so that there was bad air and not enough place for everyone and you could not enjoy anything ! what about plays and films ? it was a small offer ; i hope it will be larger the next time . 
i write you this letter because i want to tell you about my experiences at the festival . i spent two days at the " international arts festival " and i have to say that it was a good event but i think some details could be better the next time . for example , on the leaflet it was written that there would be stars and artists from around the world but they were only from six different countries . that was disappointing ! some concert halls were really small so that there was bad air and not enough room for everyone and you could not enjoy anything ! what about plays and films ? it was a small offer ; i hope it will be larger the next time . 
but do not worry ! there have also taken place very good attractions like dance shows , the art exhibition and listening to talks by writers , 
but do not worry ! there were also very good events like the dance shows , the art exhibition and the talks given by writers . 
the reasonably-priced weekend ticket was a very good idea . this was a clever way to attract people's attention 
the reasonably-priced weekend ticket was a very good idea . this was a clever way to attract people . 
at last , i would like suggest a " pony-ride " for children , to attract families . please tell my your opinion about this . 
last , i would like to suggest a " pony-ride " for children , to attract families . please tell me your opinion about this . 
best regards
best regards
i think there are some possibilities for earning money . i would say the simplest way is to give lessons to pupils , for example , maths or english . there are also some schools which offer such a job . to teach pupils is not easy , of course . but i think that after some lessons the pupils will see that it is better if they sit down and learn their stuff . so it would be easier for the teacher ! it is also not a dirty work , i mean you do not have to clean rooms or toilets of other people ! and you do not need to carry heavy things or have stress with customers if you are working in a shop . to be a good teacher you especially need patient and good nerves ! not everybody has the ability to understand everything at once . and the money you get is not less 
i think there are some opportunities for earning money . i would say the simplest way is to give lessons to pupils , for example , in maths or english . there are also some schools which offer such a job . teaching pupils is not easy , of course . but i think that after a few lessons the pupils will see that it is better if they sit down and learn their stuff . so it will be easier for the teacher then ! also it is not dirty work . i mean you do not have to clean rooms or other people's toilets ! and you do not need to carry heavy things or have stress with customers , as you would if you were working in a shop . to be a good teacher you especially need patience and good nerves ! not everybody has the ability to understand everything at once . and the money you get is not less . 
so , if you like to b with people and help them and if you have talent to explain good then it would be the best , if you offer your help to the people ! 
so , if you like to be with people and help them and if you have the talent to explain things well then it would be best if you offered your help to the people ! 
dear jane clark
dear jane clark
i went the international arts festival which you organized . most of the events were good , but i felt that the festival could be even better next year . so , may i give you my suggestions and opinions ? 
i went to the international arts festival which you organized . most of the events were good , but i felt that the festival could be even better next year . so , may i give you my suggestions and opinions ? 
i think the international arts festival is a great idea ! but the stars and artists who are from around the world were from only six countries . you had better invite more nationarities' people . 
i think the international arts festival is a great idea ! but the stars and artists who are from around the world were from only six countries . you had better invite more nationalities' nationalities . 
and some concert halls were too small , so you had better have larger concert halls and also you had better have more plays and films in the next year than this year's . 
and some concert halls were too small , so you had better have larger concert halls and also you had better have more plays and films next year than this year . 
i think the idea of one reasonably - priced weekend ticket for all events is excellent ! because it does not complex , also we don't confuse . 
i think the idea of one reasonably-priced weekend ticket for all events is excellent , because it is not complex , also we don't confuse . 
if you can improve these points , your festival must be better than this year's . 
if you can improve these points , your festival will be better than this year's . 
yours faithfully 
yours sincerely 
dear johnny
dear johnny
thank you for your letter . 
thank you for your letter . 
anyway , you want to know about rules at home and school in my country , don't you ? 
anyway , you want to know about rules at home and school in my country , don't you ? 
my school's rules aren't strict . we are allowed many things . for example , we can wear any clothes and shoes whatever we want . and it doesn't matter if we enter the classroom in any time . of course we can go out the classroom in any time . 
my school's rules aren't strict . we are allowed to do a lot of things . for example , we can wear any clothes and shoes - whatever we want . and it doesn't matter if we enter the classroom at any time we want . of course we can go out of the classroom at any time . 
but some schools in my country don't allow many things . one of the rules of my friend's school is not to drink and eat something during a class . and the students have to wear the uniforms , so they can't chose their clothes . 
but some schools in my country don't allow a lot of things . one of the rules at my friend's school is you are not allowed to drink or eat anything during a class . and the students have to wear uniforms , so they can't choose their clothes . 
also , there is one strict rule at my home . it is that i have to come back my house until 11 o'clock at night . i think it's a stupid rule ! 
also , there is one strict rule at my home . it is that i have to come back to my house by 11 o'clock at night . i think it's a stupid rule ! 
i really want to change this rule . 
i really want to change this rule . 
many of my friends have this rule . 
many of my friends have this rule . 
how about in your country ? 
how about in your country ? 
love
love
dear mr jane clark
dear mrs clark
i am writeing to you to " help " you with your festival next year , last year wasn't very good so maybe we can make it more atracite this year ? 
i am writing to you to " help " you with your festival next year . last year wasn't very good so maybe we can make it more attractive this year . 
the first i think we shoul rent biger hall for that so we could make better sound and give more space for viewers ! if we will make one reasonably-priced weekend ticket for all events we can make intrestede more people . we can inaute stars and artists from around the world who will make and prisents present all kind of music like jazz , rock , classical ect . 
first first , i think we should rent bigger halls so that we can make a better sound and give more space for the audience ! if we will offer one reasonably-priced weekend ticket for all events we can make interested more people more people interested . we can invite stars and artists from around the world who will play and presents present all kinds of music like jazz , rock , classical etc . 
it should be done show so people can see how people in every corner of the word make theyr own fun . art exhibitions is good idea too , to introdus how the music is making and show how the instruments lode . 
it should be done so people can see how people in every corner of the world have their own fun . art exhibitions are a good idea too , to introduce explain how the music is made and show how the instruments work . 
afterward we could let people talk with artists so they can get knoe theyr privacy . 
afterwards we could let people talk with the artists so they could get know to know their them privately personally . 
mr . jane if you want get more of my suggestions and opinions about it pleace contact with me on my calle phone 
mrs . jane if you want hear to hear more of my suggestions and opinions about it please contact me on my cell phone cellphone . 
sincirley 
yours sincerely 
dear simona ! 
dear simona , 
thank you for your letter it was so nice to hear from you gain and i am glad you have meant this subject . 
thank you for your letter . it was so nice to hear from you again and i am glad you have mentioned this subject . 
it's believed that english schools look different and have different rules then polish schools but may be we might find sth incomon ? ! 
it's believed that english schools look different and have different rules to polish schools but maybe we might find something in comon in common . 
what rules do we have in our schools ? the first of all it dipends what kind of school it is ? primary , highschool or university ! i think that now polish schools are going foward but they still have lots of bad habits . 
what rules do we have in our schools ? first of all , it depends what kind of school it is : primary , high school or university . i think that now polish schools are going forward making progress but they still have lots of bad habits . 
polish students have to study a lot with books and they have less pracite lessons , sometimes it's hard to get a books or other neaded things to study . conneat between students and their teachers or principals is very poor ! 
polish students have to study a lot with books and they have fewer practical lessons , and sometimes it's hard to get books or other needed things things needed for studying . the conneat connect connection relations hip between students and their teachers or principals is very poor ! 
during the lesson we are not allowed to have food or stg drink , we can't be late to school 
during lessons we are not allowed to have food or drink , and we can't be late to school . 
school supose to be our second home but it's not we work hard and for the end our education we still have nothing . 
school is suppose supposed to be our second home but it's not . we work hard and at the end of our education we still have nothing . 
you asking me what would i change ? i would make schools more unstressfull , added fun cause it's easeyer way to learn and i would gives students more chances to share yo with their fantazy at school . 
you ask me what would i change ? i would make schools less stressful , with added fun 'cause it's easier that way that way it's easier to learn and i would give students more chances to share their fantasy fantasies at school . 
maybe polish system is not bad , but it's conftyble too . i know that that letter will not change anything but you can see how compliated is polish studen's life 
maybe the polish system is not bad , but it's comfortable too . i know that this letter will not change anything but you can see how complicated is a polish student's life a polish student's life is . 
your 
yours 


dear ms jane clark , 
dear ms jane clark , 
i am writing to you to tell you that i enjoyed the international arts festival held on 21-22 november this year . 
i am writing to you to tell you that i enjoyed the international arts festival held on 21-22 november this year . 
i liked the plays and the films most . some films were really wonderful . you had picked up unknown but talented directors' films and they were really worth watching . and the concerts were also excellent . especially , i enjoyed the jazz concerts and could see some famous jazz musicians i adore . 
i liked the plays and the films most . some films were really wonderful . you had picked unknown but talented directors' films and they were really worth watching . and the concerts were also excellent . in particular , i enjoyed the jazz concerts and could see some famous jazz musicians i adore . 
however , i found some things which i think i should point out . some concert halls were not big enough to have the audience . for next year , i think you should take this matter into consideration , and i think it would be much better if you had more plays and films . 
however , i found some things which i think i should point out . some concert halls were not big enough to hold the audience . for next year , i think you should take this matter into consideration . and i think it would be much better if you had more plays and films . 
i will definitely go to the festival next year , too . to make it more enjoyable , i would be grateful if you could welcome my comments on it . 
i will definitely go to the festival next year , too . to make it more enjoyable , i would be grateful if you could welcome my comments about it . 
best regards . 
best regards . 
a japanese folk story " a bamboo princess " 
a japanese folk story : " the bamboo princess the bamboo princess " 
there was an old married couple . they had no children . one day , the lady went to a river to wash clothes and the man went to a mountain to cut trees . in a bamboo forest , he found a shining bamboo . when he cut it , he found a beautiful baby girl in it . she was named bamboo princess . 
there was an old married couple . they had no children . one day , the lady went to a river to wash their clothes and the man went to a mountain to cut trees . in a bamboo forest , he found a shining piece of bamboo . when he cut it , he found a beautiful baby girl in it . she was named the bamboo princess . 
the princess grew up beautifully . some princes proposed her . but she said to them , " if you want me , you have to do this . " and asked them to do impossible things because she didn't want to get married . one day , the old couple saw the princess crying . when they asked her , she said " i am from the moon and i will have to go back soon " . they really loved her and they asked a prince who loved the princess to protect her . but , one the day , the princess went back to the moon with guards from the moon although the prince and his army tried hard to protect her . 
the princess grew up to be beautiful . some princes proposed to her . but she said to them , " if you want me , you have to do this , " and asked them to do impossible things because she didn't want to get married . one day , the old couple saw the princess crying . when they asked her about this , she said , " i am from the moon and i will have to go back soon " . they really loved her and they asked a prince who loved the princess to protect her . but , one day , the princess went back to the moon with guards from the moon although the prince and his army tried hard to protect her . 
this story happened a long time ago . 
this story happened a long time ago . 
mrs . jane clark , 
mrs . jane clark , 
i see your advertisement about internal arts festival now . i think that's a great idea . as we need some good activities . advertisement is written that you invite stars and artist from around the world . this is very incredible but from only six countries you wrote you wrote from only six countries . i think you should invite from ten countries because there are more and more stars and artists in the world . if you invite from more countries to stars and artist , your festival will be unbelieved . second point is there are some jazz , rock and classical concerts . it's a good idea but some concert halls are too small . because of these , people are bored quickly . you show plays and films . i congradulate you because it's perfect . the most important thing is dance shows . 
i saw your advertisement about the international arts festival now . i think that's a great idea as we need some good activities . the advertisement writes states that you invite stars and artists from around the world . this is incredible but you wrote down artists from only six countries . i think you should invite people from ten countries because there are more and more stars and artists in the world . if you invite from more countries to stars and artists invite stars and artists from more countries , your festival will be unbelievable . the second point is there are some jazz , rock and classical concerts . it's a good idea but some concert halls are too small . because of this , people are bored quickly . you show plays and films . i congratulate you because that's perfect . the most important thing is dance shows 
as more people like dance shows , me too . that's the real knowledge for us , art exhibition and talks by writers . i think we know a writer life or how is he writing it ? it's very significant thing . lastly , you said 'one reasonable-priced weekend ticket for all events' . it's excellent . if you can pay attention to my small suggestion , next year i hope it will be unbelievable festival . 
as most people like dance shows , including me . that's real knowledge for us , art exhibitions and talks by writers . i think we will know a writer's life or how he is writing about it . it's a very significant thing . lastly , you said 'one reasonably priced weekend ticket for all events' . it's excellent . if you can pay attention to my small suggestion , next year i hope it will be an unbelievable festival . 
thanks ! 
thanks ! 
yours sincerely ! 
yours sincerely ! 
dear edmond
dear edmond
i miss you very much and sorry about didn't write you some letters . i hope you forgive me . what are you dong today , how is your school ? my school opened yesterday . as you know i am a new student . it is very difficult because i don't know anybody . however ; today i used to my school , i have got two sweet girls . but this school has got a lot of rules and in our class , we have been talking about rules , both at home and at school . it is very boring . for instance ; you must not argue with your friend or you must not argue with workers . the most significant rule is you must not smoke in public places , or in the toilet . you continuously must study hard . i feel very bad because what you are allowed i aren't allowed to do at home . are you understand me ? can i change my school ? please you will write me a letter quickly . 
i miss you very much and sorry i haven't written you any letters . i hope you forgive me . what are you doing nowadays ? how is your school ? my school opened yesterday . as you know i am a new student . it is very difficult because i don't know anybody . however , today i am getting used to my school , i have met two sweet girls . but this school has got a lot of rules and in our class we have been talking about rules , both at home and at school . it is very boring . for instance : you must not argue with your friend or you must not argue with workers . the most significant rule is you must not smoke in public places , or in the toilet . you continuously must study hard . i feel very bad because what you are allowed i am not allowed to do at home . do you understand me ? can i change my school ? please will you write me a letter quickly . 
lovers ! 
love ! 
dear mrs or miss jane x , 
dear mrs or miss jane x , 
i am writing to thank you for the annual international arts festival which was organized on 21st-22nd november . i had spent at this festival for two days . 
i am writing to thank you for the annual international arts festival which was organized on 21st-22nd november . i spent at this festival for two days spent two days at this festival . 
it was a great idea to organize such festival . i am a teacher and i love music . most of the events which i had seen were good . i enjoyed dance shows , jazz and rock concerts . i visited art exhibitions . there were a lot of nice pictures , sculptures and other creative works . i was impressed by them . at festival i could talk with writers . it was an excellent idea to make one reasonaly-priced weekend ticket for all events . a lot of people could visit as many events as the they could . 
it was a great idea to organize such a festival . i am a teacher and i love music . most of the events which i saw were good . i enjoyed the dance shows , and the jazz and rock concerts . i visited art exhibitions . there were a lot of nice pictures , sculptures and other creative works . i was impressed by them . at the festival i could talk with writers . it was an excellent idea to have one reasonably-priced reasonably priced weekend ticket for all events . a lot of people could visit as many events as they wanted . 
i was very surprised when i knew that stars and artists were only from six countries . it was too little for this festival . it was pitty that too small halls were used for classical concerts . i like going to classical concerts but at this festival the sounds of music were terrible . 
i was very surprised when i learned that the stars and artists were from only six countries . it was too few for this festival . it was a pity that too small halls were used for the classical concerts the halls used for the classical concerts were too small . i like going to classical concerts but at this festival the sound of the music was terrible . 
i have some suggestion for next year's festival . firstly , it will be great if you invite more famous singers and bands . the second one is to include more musical films and plays . i would like to help you in your interesting job . i look forward to your answer . 
i have some suggestions for next year's festival . firstly , it will be great if you invite more famous singers and bands . the second one is to include more musical films and plays . i would like to help you in your interesting work . i look forward to your answer . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
traditional folk stories of the world
traditional folk stories of the world
there are a lot of folk stories in the world and there are a lot of folk stories in estonia , i would like to tell you one of them . this story is about a man and his three sons . this story happened a long time ago . the man was old and his sons were young . 
there are a lot of folk stories from around the world and there are a lot of folk stories in estonia . i would like to tell you one of them . this story is about a man and his three sons . this story happened a long time ago . the man was old and his sons were young . 
one day the man quarreled with his sons and they left the house trying to find work . they were successful . and they had lived far from their father for two years . they grow up and became wise . they decided to return to his father because he was old and he needed help . 
one day the man quarrelled with his sons and they left the house to try to find work . they were successful . and they lived far from their father for two years . they grew up and became wise . they decided to return to their father because he was old and he needed help . 
when the sons were old they began to tell about their life beginning with this story happend a long time ago 
when the sons were old they began to talk about their life , beginning with this story , which happened a long time ago . 
dear jane clark , 
dear jane clark , 
i'm writing to you to give my opinion of that great festival you organiced the last 21 and 22 of november . 
i'm writing to you to give my opinion of that great festival you organised last 21 and 22 of november . 
i want you to know how extraordinary moments i passed with my friends in the festival . your work was brilliant because you brought stars and artists from around the world with only that reasonable -priced ticket we paid for all the weekend . the festival was very well organiced with a lot of alternatives like concerts and dance shows . on my point of view the hall of the rock concets was too small , you've to consider make a big one for the next year because these kind of events are concurred by a lot of young people . in conclusion , i wanted to say thanks for such an special weekend . 
i want you to know what an extraordinary time i had with my friends at the festival . your work was brilliant because you brought stars and artists from around the world for only that reasonably -priced reasonably priced ticket we bought for the whole weekend . the festival was very well organised with a lot of alternatives like concerts and dance shows . in my opinion the hall for the rock concerts was too small , you have . you have to consider making booking a bigger one for next year because these kinds of events are attended by a lot of young people . in conclusion , i wanted to say thanks for such a special weekend . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
dear miguel
dear miguel
thanks for your letter . i got it a couple of days ago and i've been thinking about what you said . i'm going to tell you what i feel . 
thanks for your letter . i got it a couple of days ago and i've been thinking about what you said . i'm going to tell you what i feel . 
in my house rules practically don't exist because i have 18 years old now so my parents only wish is that i study a carrear and be a good man . they only want to know where i am and when i go out at what time i came home . at school is complete different because the teachers don't foregive you nothing . you have to be quiet an attention in class if you wouldn't to be punished . i'm happy because my parents allow me to do a lot of things . i wouldn't like to change anything because we all need some dicipline to make the right things . 
in my house rules practically don't exist because i am 18 years old now so my parents' only wish is that i study for a career university degree and be a good man . they only want to know where i am and when i go out and at what time i came home . at school it is completely different because the teachers don't forgive you anything . you have to be quiet and attentive in class if you don't want to be punished . i'm happy because my parents allow me to do a lot of things . i wouldn't like to change anything because we all need some discipline to do the right things . 
when i'd time i will write you again 
when i've time i will write to you again , 
love , 
love , 
dear miss clark , 
dear miss clark , 
i went to your annual international arts festival . i really enjoyed it , although i feel it could have been better . but firstly i want to congratulate you for organizing such a huge festival , people need this kind of events . secondly i would like to make some remarks about your festival so that you can improve it . as it was written in your advertisement , artists should have come from around the world but only six countries were represented , i was quite disappointed . however the concerts were great , but unfortunately , some concert halls were too small and it was as hot as a micro-wave inside . 
i went to your annual international arts festival . i really enjoyed it , although i feel it could have been better . but firstly , i want to congratulate you on organizing such a huge festival , people need this kind of event . secondly , i would like to make some remarks about your festival so that you can improve it . as it wrote said so in your advertisement , artists should have come from around the world but only six countries were represented . i was quite disappointed . however the concerts were great , but unfortunately , some concert halls were too small and it was as hot as a microwave an oven inside . 
plays and films were good and i liked them , but there were only a few , i hope there will be many more next year . 
the plays and films were good and i liked them , but there were only a few , i hope there will be many more next year . 
one of the most positive aspect of your festival is the price of your weekend ticket . as a student , the low priced ticket certainly athacted me a lot and gave me the opportunity to see and hear wonderful artists . 
one of the most positive aspects of your festival is the price of your weekend ticket . as a student , the low priced ticket certainly attracted me a lot and gave me the opportunity to see and hear wonderful artists . 
finally , i would like to make one big suggestion: you should find a place for a camping so that people who come from a long way don't have to spend money on accomodation . anyway , i'm looking forward to coming to your festival next year . 
finally , i would like to make one big suggestion: you should find a place for a campsite so that people who come a long way don't have to spend money on accommodation . anyway , i'm looking forward to coming to your festival next year . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
money , money , money
money , money , money
young people always need money , specially students who don't earn their life . they need money to pay their studies or for going out , but how to find a job which is good and not under-paid ? 
young people always need money , especially students who don't earn their living . they need money to pay for their studies or for going out , but how to find a job which is good and not underpaid ? 
one of the best is working in a big supermarket . some can find it boring but it is well-paid and not too tiring . furthermore departement stores are always looking for students who would like to work . 
one of the best is working in a big supermarket . some can find it boring but it is well-paid and not too tiring . furthermore , department stores are always looking for students who would like to work . 
another solution could be working as a barman , the problem is that you go to bed very late , but it's very exciting because you meet a lot of people and enjoy your night . unfortunately it's not possible unless you can rest in the morning . 
another solution could be working as a barman , the problem is that you go to bed very late , but it's very exciting because you meet a lot of people and enjoy your night . unfortunately , it's not possible unless you can rest in the morning . 
if you are a really good student in one subject , you can provide private lessons which is one of the most prolific job but do it only if you like teaching . otherwise you should try to find another job . 
if you are a really good student in one subject , you can provide private lessons , which is one of the most prolific jobs , but do it only if you like teaching . otherwise you should try to find another job . 
the main thing to remember is that there many possibilities but you have to try to find them and not just say: " i want to work and earn money " . 
the main thing to remember is that there are many possibilities but you have to try to find them and not just say: " i want to work and earn money " . 
dear jane clark , 
dear jane clark , 
i would like to congratulate you on your wonderful " arts festival " . you have a really great idea to create this sort of festival . i had a lot of fun to go there . i would like to come next year with a great pleasure . 
i would like to congratulate you on your wonderful " arts festival " . you had a really great idea to create this sort of festival . i had a lot of fun there . i would come next year with great pleasure . 
i hope you will not angry if i give you some advice ? at first , i would like to talk about your section " stars and artists " . this section is really great and attract a lot of people . from my point of view , it will better if you have some " stars and artists " from only six countries . because the spectators will probably more interested in your festival if they know the celebrities . 
i hope you will not be angry if i give you some advice . first , i would like to talk about your section " stars and artists " . this section is really great and attracts a lot of people . from my point of view , it will better if you have some " stars and artists " from only six countries because the spectators will probably be more interested in your festival if they know the celebrities . 
i also would like to talk about your concerts . the concerts are fabulous but the problems are the halls . they are too small for all the people . could you do something for these problems ? 
i also would like to talk about your concerts . the concerts are fabulous but the problem is the halls . they are too small for all the people . could you do something about these problems ? 
all the sections of your festival were great but i think there were not a lot of " plays and films " . i love films and plays also , and i'll hope to have more films or plays next year . 
all the sections of your festival were great but i think there were not a lot of " plays and films " . i love films and plays also , and i hope to have more films or plays next year . 
concerning the tickets , i think your price is reasonable for this festival . it is a good idea to have reasonably-priced for weekends . 
concerning the tickets , i think your price is reasonable for this festival . it is a good idea to have reasonably-priced tickets for weekends . 
i'm looking forward do hearing from you , 
i'm looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours faithfully , 
yours sincerely , 
dear phil , 
dear phil , 
i'm really happy to receive your letter and i hope you are fine . i'm fine but i have a lot of work to do for my school . my exams start the next month that's why i have a lot of work . 
i'm really happy to receive your letter and i hope you are fine . i'm fine but i have a lot of work to do for my school . my exams start next month , that's why i have a lot of work . 
in your letter , you want to know about my school rules in france and you also want to know what i am or i am not allowed to do at home . 
in your letter , you wanted to know about my school rules in france and you also wanted to know what i am or i am not allowed to do at home . 
alright , i'm going to answer your questions . at first ; . you are not allowed to smoke , drink or to take some drugs in my school . you must to be outside during the break . you must sign your notebook to your parents every week . you are not allowed to argue with your teacher after you receive an exam . you must to be on time at school or you have a punishment . i have so many other rules but these are the most important . 
alright , i'm going to answer your questions . first , you are not allowed to smoke , drink or to take drugs in my school . you must be outside during the break . you must sign your notebook to your parents every week . you are not allowed to argue with your teacher after you receive an exam . you must be on time at school or you get a punishment . i have so many other rules but these are the most important . 
at home , i'm not allowed to watch television after 8 p . m . i must do my home work when i come back at home . i also must to help my parents in home activities . for example ; to clean my room and the other rooms , or to cook , etc . . . . i hope these information will help you , 
at home , i'm not allowed to watch television after 8 p . m . i must do my homework when i come back home . i must also help my parents with home activities , for example ; clean , clean my room and the other rooms , or cook , etc . . . . i hope this information will help you , 
keep in touch , 
keep in touch . 
love . 
love , 
dear mrs jane clark , 
dear mrs clark , 
with regard to your international arts festival advertisment , i would like to share with you the pleasure i had to be part of the event and some suggestions for next year's festival that you might take in consideration . 
with regard to your international arts festival advertisement , i would like to share with you the pleasure i had to be part of the event and make some suggestions for next year's festival that you might take into consideration . 
the international arts festival is a beautiful idea . i enjoyed most of the events and i found your prices excellent considering that i am a student and that i do not have much money . 
the international arts festival is a wonderful idea . i enjoyed most of the events and i found your prices excellent , considering that i am a student and that i do not have much money . 
in your advertisment you mentionned that there is artists and stars from all around the world coming , unfortunately i found out only six countries were represented . i would like to suggest that more countries should be part of the festival if it is possible . it is a very good opportunity to listen to different kind of music and to discover different culture . 
in your advertisement you mentioned that there would be artists and stars coming from all around the world , unfortunately i found out only six countries were represented . i would like to suggest that more countries should be part of the festival if it is possible . it is a very good opportunity to listen to different kinds of music and to discover different cultures . 
hoping that i did not offend you in any ways and that you might take in consideration my suggestion , i wish you all the best for next year's festival organisation . 
hoping that i have not offended you in any way and that you might take into consideration my suggestions , i wish you all the best for next year's festival organisation . 
yours faithfully 
yours sincerely 
it's a story of a special person who was born in my country and who is now known worldwide . the night he came into this world , was one of grater even if for the habitants of the country or even of the town where he was born , it was a casual night . the sky was so clear that the moon and the stars were lighting up all the land . only the one who knew how to read stars could actually tell that a great king was born . when the three men saw him they fell on their knees to worship him . the mother was pride because she knew he was sent from above and he was going to be the one to set people free from their sins . this little man from israel died as the hero of all times . his message is still as impacting today and will always be even if this story happened a long time ago . 
it's a story of a special person who was born in my country and who is now known worldwide . the night he came into this world was one of grater for the inhabitants of the country and also of the town where he was born , it was an ordinary night . the sky was so clear that the moon and the stars lit up all the land . only the ones who knew how to read stars could actually tell that a great king had been born . when the three men saw him , they fell on their knees to worship him . the mother was proud because she knew he was sent from above and he was going to be the one to set people free from their sins . this little man from israel died as the hero of all times . his message is still as impacting today and will always be , even if this story happened a long time ago . 
dear jane clark
dear jane clark
hello ! 
hello ! 
my name is yuna kimber who attended this annual international arts festival . 
my name is yuna kimber who attended this annual international arts festival . 
i'd like to say something that i felt during the festival , and give my opinions that would be helpul for you to prepare for the next festival to you . 
i'd like to say something that i felt during the festival , and give my opinions that would be helpful for you to prepare for the next festival . 
first of all , i appreicate you for organizing such an exciting festival . it was a great idea , and i enjoyed myself to this festival so much . 
first of all , i appreciate congratulate you for organizing such an exciting festival . it was a great idea , and i enjoyed myself at this festival very much . 
by the way , according to the advertisement , lots of stars and artists from around the world were supposed to be invited for the festival , but i was able to meet them just from only six countries . 
by the way , according to the advertisement , lots of stars and artists from around the world were supposed to be invited for the festival , but i was able to meet them from only six countries . 
and another thing is that some concert halls were too small , so when i went there for jazz and rock concerts it was so crowded , and during the concerts people felt stuffy . 
and another thing is that some concert halls were too small , so when i went there for jazz and rock concerts it was so crowded , and during the concerts people felt suffocated . 
i hope you'll get much bigger concerts hall next year . 
i hope you'll get much bigger concert halls next year . 
on the other hand , plays and films were excellent . 
on the other hand , the plays and films were excellent . 
i expect that much more various kinds of plays and films will be on next year . 
i expect that much more varied kinds of plays and films will be on next year . 
finally , i'd like to mention reasonably-priced weekend ticket . it was brillient , because if i had to pay all things each i wouldn't have attended it , because it was very expensive for me . thank you very much about that . 
finally , i'd like to mention the reasonably-priced weekend ticket . it was brillient , because if i had to pay for all things individually i wouldn't have attended it , because it was very expensive for me . thank you very much for that . 
i hope it will be helpful and useful for you . 
i hope it will be helpful and useful for you . 
bye for now
bye for now
faithfully yours
faithfully yours
long time ago , there were two brothers , whose parents were dead . their parents were rich , so when they passed away they left a lot of money . 
a long time ago , there were two brothers , whose parents were dead . their parents were rich , so when they passed away they left a lot of money . 
by the way , the elder brother , nolbu was a so greedy man . 
by the way , the elder brother , nolbu was a very greedy man . 
he didn't want to share the money with his brother , hungbu so he took all of the money , and said to hungbu to go away from the house without anything . 
he didn't want to share the money with his brother , hungbu , so he took all of the money , and said to hungbu to go away from the house without anything . 
hungbu had nothing but his twelve family . 
hungbu had nothing but his family of twelve . 
but , even if he was so poor , he was so good and had a lot of affection about the people who were much poorer than his family , so he looked after them . 
but , even if he was very poor , he was very good and had a lot of affection for the people who were much poorer than his family , so he looked after them . 
but , nolbu always made people annoyed , and enjoyed other people's misfortune . 
but , nolbu always made people annoyed , and enjoyed other people's misfortune . 
one cold day , hungbu saw a bird that had a broken wing , so the bird couldn't fly to the warmer county during the winter . he cured the bird to fly with love , and the bird was able to fly . 
one cold day , hungbu saw a bird that had a broken wing , so the bird couldn't fly to the warmer country during the winter . he cured the bird with love , and the bird was able to fly . 
the following year , when the bird returned his house , he gave him a message . it was a kind of map that showed the place for a lot of money which robbers hid . 
the following year , when the bird returned to his house , he gave him a message . it was a kind of map that showed the location of a lot of money which robbers hid . 
therefore , hungbu became much richer than nolbu , and he lived happily with the money helping the poor . 
therefore , hungbu became much richer than nolbu , and he lived happily with the money helping the poor . 
people belive that the bird was sent by heaven . 
people believe that the bird was sent from heaven . 
this story happened a long time ago . 
this story happened a long time ago . 
dear jane clark , 
dear jane clark , 
i am writing to you to give some opinions of mine abut the international arts festival . 
i am writing to you to give you some opinions of mine about the international arts festival . 
it was a great idea and i had the pleasure of resting and relaxing , plus of getting some important knowledge from it . on the other hand there were some disadvantages: 1 . stars and artists wee only from six countries 
it was a great idea and i had the pleasure of resting and relaxing , plus of acquiring some important knowledge from it . on the other hand there were some disadvantages: 1 . the stars and artists were from only six countries . 
2 . some concert halls were too small . so it was impossible to get tickets there . 
2 . some concert halls were too small . so it was impossible to get tickets there . 
3 . i think that there were not enough plays and films . 
3 . i don't think that there were enough plays and films . 
to sum up i want to tell you bout my suggestions for next year's festival . it would be wonderful to buy some books or programms with signatures of all the stars and artists taking part in the festival . also i think that dance shows should include different styles of dancing ( e . g . national dancing of all the countries ) to impress audience and not to bore with the similar scenes . 
to sum up i want to tell you about my suggestions for next year's festival . it would be wonderful to buy some books or programmes with the signatures of all the stars and artists taking part in the festival . also i think that the dance shows should include different styles of dancing ( e . g . the national dance of all the countries ) to impress the audience and not to bore with the similar scenes . 
i hope this letter will help you in organying 
i hope this letter will help you with organizing the festival . 
yours faithfully 
yours sincerely 
hello philip , 
hello philip , 
i have just got your letter . it is a pleasure for me to communicate with such a friend as you are . thank you very much . 
i have just got your letter . it is a pleasure for me to keep in touch with such a friend as you are . thank you very much . 
in our school we have the following rules: 1 . every puple has to sit alone ( i mean that one desk is given for one man ) 
in our school we have the following rules: 1 . every pupil has to sit alone . ( i mean that one desk is given to one person . ) 
2 . one should have such marks as , , 3 " , , , 4 " , , , 5 " not , , 2 " which is eaqual to fail . 
2 . one should have such marks as , , 3 " , , , 4 " , , , 5 " , not , , 2 " , which is equal to fail . 
3 . another strict rule is not to be late for your lessons . otherwise you are not allowed to come in . 
3 . another strict rule is not to be late for your lessons . otherwise you are not allowed to come in . 
these rules are strict and certainly we have endless number of just-so-called rules . i don't think you will be interested in them . 
these rules are strict and certainly we have an endless number of just-so-called rules . i don't think you will be interested in them . 
truely speaking i am not sure about home rules . i think that in our family everything is based on mutual understanding . we don't have old-traditioned rules or something alike . 
truly honestly speaking i am not sure about home rules . i think that in our family everything is based on mutual understanding . we don't have old-fashioned rules or anything like that . 
i'm afraid i must be going now because i want to send you this letter today . 
i'm afraid i must be going now because i want to send you this letter today . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you soon . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you soon . 
love
love
16 december 2000
16 december 2000
dear ms jane clark , 
dear ms clark , 
i am writing to express my profound gratitude for an excellent organisation of an annual international arts festival , where i spent two days . the idea of such a festival is really magnificent and i enjoyed various art exhibitions , talks by writers and dance shows . 
i am writing to express my profound gratitude for the excellent organisation of the annual international arts festival , where i spent two days . the idea of such a festival is really magnificent and i enjoyed various art exhibitions , talks by writers and dance shows . 
however , the festival could be even better next year . actually , there were stars and artists from six countries and it would be wonderful if you could invite artists from some others places as well for next year's festival . besides , i was fascinated by the plays and films and you could probably organize some more . unfortunately , i am afraid that some concert halls where jazz , rock and classical concerts were held were too small and perhaps you could arrange to use bigger ones . 
however , the festival could be even better next year . actually , there were stars and artists from six countries and it would be wonderful if you could invite artists from some others places as well for next year's festival . also , i was fascinated by the plays and films and you could probably organize some more . unfortunately , i am afraid that some concert halls where jazz , rock and classical concerts were held were too small and perhaps you could arrange to use bigger ones . 
as a matter of fact , i consider one reasonably-priced weekend ticket for all events to be brilliant as it offers a unique opportunity to pay for everything all together and be able to attend different events . 
as a matter of fact , i consider one reasonably-priced weekend ticket for all events to be brilliant as it offers a unique opportunity to pay for everything all together and be able to attend different events . 
i believe your festival to be a great event in our cultural life and i am convinced that it is a success . i look forward to coming to the festival again . 
i believe your festival to be a great event in our cultural life and i am convinced that it is a success . i look forward to coming to the festival again . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
wuthering heights - emily bront
wuthering heights - emily bront
for a start i would like to say that books offer us a wide range of different life stories , both realistic and unusual , they make us thoughtful and form our outlook , they make us feel and think . 
to start with i would like to say that books offer us a wide range of different life stories , both realistic and unusual , they make us thoughtful and form our outlook , and they make us feel and think . 
as far as i am concerned , i enjoy reading all kinds of fiction literature as each masterpiece is unique in its own way despite the fact what sort of book it is . stories that are realistic help us to understand better our own life and people around us . however , reading an unusual , sometimes fantastic story we could dream about fairy lands and observe our world from another point of view . i consider " wuthering heights " by emily bront to be one of the books that wash away from the soul the dust of everyday's routine . it is a remarkable piece of literature , which portrays deep feelings of love and hate , depicts strong and unique characters , reveals eternal concerns with good and bad , life and death . this book is both realistic and unusual and in my opinion this is the core of its originality . it contributes to the world treasurehouse of literature and arouses irresistable fascination . 
as far as i am concerned , i enjoy reading all kinds of fiction as each masterpiece is unique in its own way regardless of what sort of book it is . stories that are realistic help us to understand better our own life and the people around us our own life and the people around us better . however , reading an unusual , sometimes fantastical story we could dream about fairy lands and observe our world from another point of view . i consider " wuthering heights " by emily bront to be one of the books that wash away from the soul the dust of our everyday routine . it is a remarkable piece of literature , which portrays deep feelings of love and hate , depicts strong and unique characters , and reveals eternal concerns with good and bad , life and death . this book is both realistic and unusual and in my opinion this is the core of its originality . it contributes to the world's treasure house of literature and arouses an irresistible fascination . 
to draw the conclusion , i'd like to mention that we should value realistic and fantastic stories equally if we are eager to get to understand the world and ourselves . 
in conclusion , i'd like to mention that we should value realistic and fantastical stories equally if we are eager to get to understand the world and ourselves . 
dear ms clark , 
dear ms clark , 
i think international arts festival is a great idea . i spent two nice days watching its events . i was there with my boyfriend . we have similar interests but we have different opinions . for me - dances shows were absolutelly wonderful . i like dancing and i like watching dances shows . dancers worn nice clothes , the music was very good . unfortunately there were no spanish dancers . i prefere them to others . maybe next year ? you should invite artists from more countries . we also listened to the concerts but in our opinion the concert halls were too small . during the jazz and rock concerts the audience wants to play and dance so it needs more room . i like listening to the classical music in the big halls , too . my boyfriend was exciting about the art exhibitions and listening to the writers . he was happy because he was able to talk to them in person . we had no time to watch all plays and films . we chose some of them and we were glad that we had our reasonably ticket for all evants because we could change our planes during the evant . 
i think the international arts festival is a great idea . i spent two nice days watching its events . i was there with my boyfriend . we have similar interests but we have different opinions . for me - the dance shows were absolutely wonderful . i like dancing and i like watching dance shows . the dancers wore nice clothes , and the music was very good . unfortunately there were no spanish dancers . i prefer them to others . maybe next year ? you should invite artists from more countries . we also listened to the concerts but in our opinion the concert halls were too small . during the jazz and rock concerts the audience wants to play and dance so they need more room . i like listening to classical music in the big halls , too . my boyfriend was excited about the art exhibitions and listening to the writers . he was happy because he was able to talk to them in person . we had no time to watch all the plays and films . we chose some of them and we were glad that we had our reasonably priced ticket for all the events because we could change our plans during the event . 
i suggest to organize next iaf in the summer . 
i suggest organizing the next iaf in the summer . 
we are both students so we have our holiday from july to september . we have more free time in the summer . we're going to attend iaf any time , as well . 
we are both students so we have our holiday from july to september . we have more free time in the summer . we would attend the iaf any time , as well . 
thank you for an unusual event 
thank you for an unusual event . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
dear monte , 
dear monte , 
i'd like to write about rules in poland . they're horrible . there are many things we aren't allowed to do at school . at first - we have to be at time . our lessons start at 8 a . m and we aren't allowed to be late . we have to change our shoes . fortunately we don't have to wear the school uniforms . we can wear what we want . most of studenst wear jeans and sweaters . we have to be quiet during the lessons and our lessons are boring because of it . our school-bags are very heavy because we have to carry our books , notebooks , atlases and dictionaries all day . it is what i'd like to change . i'd like to leave my books at school . at home we have to do our homework . there's always much to do so we have no free time at all . our parents want us to be clever . when we have good marks at school they let us to go out ( to the disco or cinema , but only on saturdays and we have to be back by ten ) . on sundays we have to go to bed early because on monday our school starts at 8 in the morning . we sometimes help in the house but it isn't neccessary . we aren't allowed to smoke and drink any alcohol . 
i'd like to write about rules in poland . they're horrible . there are many things we aren't allowed to do at school . first of all - we have to be on time . our lessons start at 8 am and we aren't allowed to be late . we have to change our shoes . fortunately we don't have to wear school uniforms . we can wear what we want . most students wear jeans and a sweater . we have to be quiet during lessons and our lessons are boring because of it . our school bags are very heavy because we have to carry our books , notebooks , atlases and dictionaries all day . this is what i'd like to change . i'd like to leave my books at school . at home we have to do our homework . there's always much to do so we have no free time at all . our parents want us to be clever . when we get good marks at school they let us go out ( to the disco or cinema , but only on saturdays and we have to be back by ten ) . on sundays we have to go to bed early because on monday our school starts at 8 in the morning . we sometimes help in the house but it isn't necessary compulsory . we aren't allowed to smoke or drink any alcohol . 
we aren't allowed to argue with our parents and teachers it is also horrible . we musn't talk to them but only listen to them . i'd like to change it . student's life is hard but sometimes funny . 
we aren't allowed to argue with our parents and teachers . this is also horrible . we mustn't talk to them but must only listen to them . i'd like to change that . student life is hard but sometimes funny . 
love
love
dear : jane clark
dear jane clark
i had been your annual international art festival . most of the events i went to were good , but i feel that the festival could be even better next year . so , i write some of my opionions and suggestions to you . i hope it's may help for next year's festival . 
i went to your annual international art festival . most of the events i went to were good , but i feel that the festival could be even better next year . so , i am writing some of my opinions and suggestions to you am writing to you with some of my opinions and suggestions . i hope it might help with next year's festival . 
the idea of " international art festival " was great . but i feel the word of " international " was not really suit ; because you just only got six countrie's stars and artists came . i think you should invite more than ten countries . the other problem was choosing space . like the hall of classical concert was too small and crowded . next year , you should calulate or examine how many people come before you choose a hall , which i feel very good was plays and films . it can show more for next year's festival . the dance shows as well . and the offer of " weedend ticket " was an excellent idea . because the price was cheaper than buy it sperate and more convience . 
the idea of an " international art festival " was great . but i feel the word " international " was not really suitable ; because you only had six countries' stars and artists . i think you should invite more than ten countries . the other problem was choosing space . as , as the hall of the classical concert was too small and crowded . next year , you should calculate or examine how many people will come before you choose a hall , which i feel very good was plays and films . it can show more for next year's festival . the dance shows as well . and the offer of a " weekend ticket " was an excellent idea , because the price was cheaper than buying it separate separately and more convenience convenient . 
look forward for next year's festival . 
looking forward to next year's festival . 
yours sinicerely , 
yours sincerely , 
one day , a little girls called sara . she was walking over a bridge . suddenly , she heart a men voice called her " sara . . . sara . . look down to the river . " then sara looked down the river . she was very scared . because she saw a golden fish was smiling at her and talking to her . after a few second , sara felt that golden fish was lovely . she never seen any fish had that wonderful colour and can talk with her . because sara hasn't got any bother and sister , and her mon and dad need work everyday , so she was very lonely . 
one day , a little girl called sara was walking over a bridge . suddenly , she heard a man man's voice calling her : " sara . . . sara . . look down to the river . " then sara looked into the river . she was very scared , because she saw a golden fish who was smiling at her and talking to her . after a few seconds , sara felt that the golden fish was lovely . she had never seen any fish that had that wonderful colour and could talk with her . because sara didn't have any brother brothers and sisters , and her mom and dad needed to work every day , she was very lonely . 
therefore , she came river everyday and talk everything to the golden fish . they were very close friend . after half year , golden fish suddenly disappear . sara was very sad . she sat and cry on the river . then somebody called her name " sara . . . sara . . look at me . . i'm stand on your left hand side . sara remembered the was golden fish . she suddenly become a human , a little boy . after a few day they got married . both together had their wonderful life . 
therefore , she came to the river every day and talked about everything with the golden fish . they were very close friends . after half a year , the golden fish suddenly disappears disappeared . sara was very sad . she sat and cries cried by the river . then somebody called her name : " sara . . . sara . . . look at me . . . i'm standing on your left-hand side . " sara remembered the golden fish . it suddenly becomes had suddenly become human , a little boy . after a few days they got married . they had a wonderful life together . 
this story happened a long time ago . 
this story happened a long time ago . 
dear jane clark , 
dear jane clark , 
i am writing about international arts festival which i went to recently . i had a great time there because taking a place the kind of festival in my town is very unusual . i think that international arts festival was absolutely fantastic and successful . i was also pleased with the weekend ticket because i tend to go out in the weekend due to my work in the weekday so that i had time to go and did not have to care about the ticket price . 
i am writing about the international arts festival , which i went to recently . i had a great time there because taking a place the kind of festival in my town is very unusual . i think that the international arts festival was absolutely fantastic and successful . i was also pleased with the weekend ticket because i tend to go out at the weekend due to my working on the weekdays so that i had time to go and did not have to worry about the ticket price . 
in spite of having a great time , there were some things i would like to give you my opinion about . firstly , there was a few stars and artists from only six countries although the advertisement mention that stars and artists would come from around the world . secondly , some concerts took a place in really small halls . i suggest that concerts should be held in bigger halls than this year's in next year . therefore , there will be more people coming the concerts . finally , food shops should be added in this festival in next year because only plays and films were not atrractive enought to get audiences . 
in spite of having a great time , there were some things i would like to give you my opinion about . firstly , there were a few stars and artists from only six countries although the advertisement mentions mentioned that stars and artists would come from around the world . secondly , some concerts took place in really small halls . i suggest that concerts should be held in bigger halls than this year's next year . then , there would be more people coming to the concerts . finally , food shops should be added to this festival next year because only plays and films were not attractive enough to get audiences . 
i would be grateful if you could consider my opinion above , 
i would be grateful if you could consider my opinion . 
yours sencirely , 
yours sincerely , 
dear karrie , 
dear karrie , 
hello . how are you doing ? i've been also considering rules at home with my friends . isn't it quite interesting to talk about rules ? at home i'm not allowed to talk on the phone more than ten minutes , which annoys me very much . i really want to change this . however , i can go out wheneve i want , even in the mid-night . i'm also allowed to come home anytime so that i can chat with my friends for a long time instead of talking on the phone at home . 
hello . how are you doing ? i've also been thinking about rules at home with my friends . isn't it quite interesting to talk about rules ? at home i'm not allowed to talk on the phone more than ten minutes , which annoys me very much . i really want to change this . however , i can go out whenever i want , even at midnight . i'm also allowed to come home anytime so that i can chat with my friends for a long time instead of talking on the phone at home . 
there is a lot of rules at my school . firstly , we're allowed to drive a car to school , which is quite unusual rule in japanese school because students might crash a car on the way to school or home . i actually love this rule because i don't have to get up early if i have a car . secoundly , boys are not allowed to have long hire . they have to cut their hair once a month . girls can't make up on at school at all . i want to at least put lip coluor on . i wish i could change this rule . 
there are a lot of rules at my school . firstly , we're allowed to drive a car to school , which is quite an unusual rule in a japanese school because students might crash a car on the way to school or home . i actually love this rule because i don't have to get up early if i have a car . secondly , boys are not allowed to have long hair . they have to cut their hair once a month . girls can't have make-up on at school at all . i want to at least put lip colour lipstick on . i wish i could change this rule . 
i'll be grade if you let me know about your rules at school and at home . i'm looking forward to hearing from you soon . 
i'll be glad if you let me know about your rules at school and at home . i'm looking forward to hearing from you soon . 
best wishes . 
best wishes . 
dear jane clark , 
dear jane clark , 
i am writing in order to give my opinions about the annual international arts festival i have visited . 
i am writing in order to give my opinions about the annual international arts festival i have attended . 
first of all , i have to say that the idea of such a festival is great . it gives an opportunity to get acquainted with the cultures' variety of the whole world . however , at this festival there were artists only from six countries . whereas an advertisement promised stars from around the world . 
first of all , i have to say that the idea of such a festival is great . it gives an opportunity to get acquainted with the cultural variety of the whole world . however , at this festival there were artists from only six countries , whereas the advertisement promised stars from around the world . 
despite that , all the jazz , rock and classical concerts were extremely enjoyable . although , some concert halls were too small for all the guests of the festival . 
despite that , all the jazz , rock and classical concerts were extremely enjoyable , although some concert halls were too small for all the guests of the festival . 
another disadvatage of the festival's programme was lack of plays and films which are the best to display the modern county's culture . i suppose . i hope there will be more of them next year . 
another disadvantage of the festival's programme was the lack of plays and films which are the best to display a modern country's culture , i think . i hope there will be more of them next year . 
i must also admit the organization of the festival was perfect . all the guests were offered a weekend ticket for all events . that was an excellent decision as all the events started at different time and there was plenty of them . in addition , it was reasonable-priced . 
i must also admit the organization of the festival was perfect . all the guests were offered a weekend ticket for all events . that was an excellent decision as all the events started at different times and there were plenty of them . in addition , it was reasonably-priced . 
in conclusuon , i would like to say that in spite of the success of the festival some improvements still can be done . for example , the next year's one may last not for two days only , but for a week . so it will be available for greater amount of people . 
in conclusion , i would like to say that in spite of the success of the festival some improvements still can be made . for example , next year's one could last not for two days only , but for a week . so it will be available for a greater number of people . 
the programme can be also improved by adding new categories such as folk songs . 
the programme could also be improved by adding new categories such as folk songs . 
thank you for your kind attention . 
thank you for your kind attention . 
sincerely yours , 
sincerely yours , 
everybody wants to earn a bit of money . especially young people who are always out of their small budget . fortunatelly , there are many ways to earn some money nowadays . 
everybody wants to earn a bit of money . especially young people who are always out of their small budget . fortunately , there are many ways to earn some money nowadays . 
of course , young people can work only in their spare time . it mean that a job should be part-time . 
of course , young people can work only in their spare time . it means that a job should be part-time . 
so , one opportunity is working as a baby-sitter . this job doesn't demand much abilities , but a lot of patience though . in addition to baby-sitting you may also give some lessons to small children such as ( tl ) teaching them to read or write or just basic rules and words of a foreign language , eglish for example . 
so , one opportunity is working as a baby-sitter . this job doesn't demand much ability , but a lot of patience though . in addition to baby-sitting , you may also give some lessons to small children such as ( tl ) teaching them to read or write or just basic rules and words of a foreign language , english , for example . 
another way to earn some money is to work as a waiter after classes . this job requires a lot of energy however . but you can earn more . furthermore , it's possible to work abroad during a holiday . 
another way to earn some money is to work as a waiter after classes . this job requires a lot of energy , however . but you can earn more . furthermore , it's possible to work abroad during a holiday . 
but if you don't like children and are not easy-going enough to work as a waiter you may chose a more pieceful job of a typist at home . there are a lot of people not willing to type essays and reports themselves or just not having a computer . so , you can help them and earn quiete enough . 
but if you don't like children and are not easy-going enough to work as a waiter you may choose the more peaceful job of a typist at home . there are a lot of people not willing to type essays and reports themselves or just not having a computer . so , you can help them and earn quite enough . 
to sum up , there is no problem without a solution and if you are an active and broad-minded person , you will surely find a way to earn money even in arctic . 
to sum up , there is no problem without a solution and if you are an active and broad-minded person , you will surely find a way to earn money even in the arctic . 
dear mrs clark , 
dear mrs clark , 
i am writing to express my enjoyment that i had at the international arts festival the next week . 
i am writing to describe the fun that i had at the international arts festival last week . 
firstly , i want to say that this festival is really good and i hope it will have every year . furthermore , the attractions were beautiful such as shows , exhibitions and concerts . i liked all the different kind of atmosphere . 
firstly , i want to say that this festival is really good and i hope it will happen every year . furthermore , the events were beautiful such as shows , exhibitions and concerts events , such as the shows , exhibitions and concerts , were beautiful . i liked all the different kinds of atmosphere . 
also , for all these attractions , the price was low and it is important for the big family . 
also , for all these attractions , the price was low and that is important for a big family . 
secondly , the plays and movies were marvellous . however , i was disappointed by the number of that . it will be great if there were would have more choice the next year . i would like to give you a suggestion about the space in the concert rooms . considering the crowded , it should have more rooms . finally , i will be interested in meet artists from everywhere in the world not only europeen artists . 
secondly , the plays and movies were marvellous . however , i was disappointed by the number of them . it would be great if there were more choice next year . i would like to give you a suggestion about the size of the concert rooms . considering the crowd , there should be more rooms . finally , i would be interested in meeting artists from everywhere in the world not only european artists . 
in conclusion , i had an unforgetable time . i would like to eat some different kind of foods , if it is possible . 
in conclusion , i had an unforgettable time . i would like to eat some different kind of food , if that is possible . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
your sincerely
yours sincerely
dear monique , 
dear monique , 
thank you very much for your letter , i'm very happy to receive some news about you . i'm going to reply at your question . 
thank you very much for your letter . i'm very happy to receive some news from you . i'm going to reply to your question . 
in fact , at school we haven't so many rules . so , we aren't allowed to smoke inside - and eat in the classroom . we have to wash the board when it's our turn . of course , we must respect the teacher and do what he says . 
in fact , at school we haven't so many rules . so , we aren't allowed to smoke inside - or eat in the classroom . we have to wash the board when it's our turn . of course , we must respect the teacher and do what he says . 
what about the rules at home ? i can't remember , because now i'm 19 , then i can do what i want . i know that i had to ask at my mum or dad for going by my friend after the lessons . they wanted that i did my homework before to play . also , i had to come back at home on time , it was very important for my parents . i want to change nothing , i was happy . 
what about the rules at home ? i can't remember , because now i'm 19 , so i can do what i want . i know that i had to ask my mum or dad about going out with my friend after school . they wanted me to do my homework before going out to play . also , i had to come back home on time . it was very important for my parents . i didn't want to change anything . i was happy . 
anyway , it was a great time when i was a child . it's all for now . 
anyway , it was a great time when i was a child . that's all for now . 
see you soon , bye
see you soon , bye
dear jane clark
dear jane clark
i am writing to tell you about the festival in this time and i would like to suggest you three things for next festival . 
i am writing to tell you about the festival this time and i would like to suggest to you three things for the next festival . 
first of all , it is great idea to have a this kind of festival . i enjoyed it so much . but , there are three things which i would like to tell you . firstly . there were stars and artists from only six countries . i supposed to see quite various nationality . secondly , i actually liked jazz , rock and classical concerts very much . however , some concert halls were too small for the many people so we couldn't have a enough space . thirdly . i would like to you to consider about having more plays and films next year . it would be nicer . 
first of all , it is a great idea to have this kind of festival . i enjoyed it so much . but , there are three things which i would like to tell you . firstly , there were stars and artists from only six countries . i expected to see a variety of nationalities . secondly , i actually liked the jazz , rock and classical concerts very much . however , some concert halls were too small for the large number of people so we couldn't have a enough space . thirdly , i would like you to consider having more plays and films next year . it would be nicer . 
otherwise , the price was really reasonable for all :events the weekend . i was satisfied with that . 
otherwise , the price was really reasonable for all the weekend events . i was satisfied with that . 
and if there was musical event . it would be greatful . i hope the next one will be better . and i would like to thank you about making this festival . 
and if there was musical event , it would be great . i hope the next one will be better . and i would like to thank you for organising this festival . 
i look forward to next festival very much . 
i look forward to the next festival very much . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
dear lula
dear lula
hello . how are you doing ? i hope you're well . it's nice to hear about your class . it's quite interesting . 
hello . how are you doing ? i hope you're well . it's nice to hear about your class . it's quite interesting . 
let me tell you some rules at school in my country . actually . we have quite strict rules . when i was a student , i wasn't allowed to wear any fashionable clothes . only it was like a formal clothes . and we couldn't wear any colorful clothes and socks . also our hair style was the same as everyone . it's really strict . 
let me tell you some rules at school in my country . actually , we have quite strict rules . when i was a student , i wasn't allowed to wear any fashionable clothes . only it was like a formal clothes . and we couldn't wear any colourful clothes and socks . also our hairstyle was the same for everyone . it's really strict . 
at home . there is one thing i'd like to change . i'm not allowed to sleep at my friend's house . i really like chatting all night with my friends . but i can't it . i'm pursuading my mum , perhaps . the school rules in my country are more strict than your country . 
at home , there is one thing i'd like to change . i'm not allowed to sleep at my friend's house . i really like chatting all night with my friends . but i can't do it . i'm persuading my mum , perhaps . the school rules in my country are more strict than in your country . 
anyway . if you want to know about something of our country . i'm glad to tell you more . 
anyway , if you want to know about something of our country , i'm glad to tell you more . 
i'm looking forward to getting your letter soon . 
i'm looking forward to getting your letter soon . 
thank you . take care of yourself . 
thank you . take care of yourself . 
loves , 
love , 
dear mrs clark , 
dear mrs clark , 
i am writing in response to your advertisment in today's newspaper . i recently spent two days at the international arts festival and i found it very entertaining . it was really a good idea to organize a festival containing such different shows . 
i am writing in response to your advertisement in today's newspaper . i recently spent two days at the international arts festival and i found it very entertaining . it was a really good idea to organize a festival containing such different shows . 
the idea that i prefered the most was to suggest a reasonably-priced weekend ticket for all events because a lot of student or unemployed people could not afford to pay too much money . 
the idea that i preferred liked the most was the reasonably priced weekend ticket for all events because a lot of students and unemployed people could not afford to pay too much money . 
i went to see a classical concert and , although the music played was excellent , he concert hall was too small . furthermore , i had expected stars and artists from around the world , but they came from only six countries . 
i went to see a classical concert and , although the music played was excellent , the concert hall was too small . furthermore , i had expected stars and artists from around the world , but they came from only six countries . 
a friend of mine went to see the play " hamlet " and the film " gladiators " . he told me how great it was and i was thinking that it would be a good to have more plays and films next year . in addition to this , i was wondering if you could organize the same festival in sommer . 
a friend of mine went to see the play " hamlet " and the film " gladiators " . he told me how great they were and i was thinking that it would be good to have more plays and films next year . in addition to this , i was wondering if you could organize the same festival in the summer . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you in the near future . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you in the near future . 
yours sincerly , 
yours sincerely , 
two sisters , alex and daniela were sitting in front of the fireplace thinking of what they could do . that year , the winter in france was very cold . it was near christmas and the two girls hadn't found any present for their mother . offering christmas presents was a tradition not be forgotten and only four days left . alex suggested that it would be a good idea to go to the city to buy that present . daniela agreed but she knew that it was snowing and that it was dangerous to walk with this kind of weather . anyway , alex was too stubborn to give up and it was like talking to a brick wall: she didn't listen to her sister . 
two sisters , alex and daniela , were sitting in front of the fireplace thinking about what they could do . that year , the winter in france was very cold . it was near christmas and the two girls hadn't found a present for their mother . giving christmas presents was a tradition not to be forgotten and there were only four days left . alex suggested that it would be a good idea to go to the city to buy that present . daniela agreed but she knew that it was snowing and that it was dangerous to walk in this kind of weather . anyway , alex was too stubborn to give up and it was like talking to a brick wall: she didn't listen to her sister . 
after forty minutes , the weather became very bad . it was such a pain to walk in the snow . however , alex was not worried at all despite the fact that her sister was tired and cold . in deep of herself , alex knew they were lost in the middle of nowhere , but she didn't want to admit it . 
after forty minutes , the weather became very bad . it was such a pain to walk in the snow . however , alex was not worried at all despite the fact that her sister was tired and cold . deep within herself , alex knew they were lost in the middle of nowhere , but she didn't want to admit it . 
unfortuneatly , daniela fainted . she was so cold that she couldn't move her legs . alex began to cry and to pray and when daniela was about to die an angle appeared . he asked alex if it was more important to bring back a present at home or to save her sister . the answer was obvious and the angel saved daniela . . this story happend a long time ago . 
unfortunately , daniela fainted . she was so cold that she couldn't move her legs . alex began to cry and to pray and when daniela was about to die an angel appeared . he asked alex if it was more important to take back a present at home take a present back home or to save her sister . the answer was obvious and the angel saved daniela . this story happened a long time ago . 
16th , dec . 2000
16th , dec . 2000
dear mr. clark , 
dear mr. clark , 
i'm writing this letter to complain and to suggest something about your " international arts festival " . i visited the festival for 2 days . i also read an advertisement in " the times " . i thought it would be interesting and exciting . when i visited the festival , of course , it was really good . 
i'm writing this letter to complain and to suggest something about your " international arts festival " . i visited the festival for 2 days . i also read an advertisement in " the times " . i thought it would be interesting and exciting . when i visited the festival , of course , it was really good . 
i was impressed of the idea of the festival . i could enjoy different culture and also i could expand my knowledge . moreover , the weekend ticket was fantastic because i spent two days the festival - saturday and sunday . the ticket price was not too expensive for student too . 
i was impressed with the idea of the festival . i could enjoy different cultures and also i could expand my knowledge . moreover , the weekend ticket was fantastic because i spent two days at the festival - saturday and sunday . the ticket price was not too expensive for a student too . 
however , you said " stars and artists from around the world " in the advertisement . but there were only six countries' candidates . it was exaggerated . besides , some concert halls were too small . jazz and classical concerts' halls were especially small . it caused a long queue and i had to waste my time . except these two things , it was quite good . 
however , you said " stars and artists from around the world " in the advertisement . but there were only six countries' candidates . it was exaggerated . besides , some concert halls were too small . jazz and classical concert halls were especially small . it caused a long queue and i had to waste my time . except for these two things , it was quite good . 
i'd like to suggest this - concerned with plays and films . plays and films qualities were good , but quantities were bad . in addition , most of the people in the festival liked that . in my opinion , you have to run more plays and films in next year's festival . 
i'd like to suggest this - concerning plays and films . plays and films were good , there weren't enough . in addition , most of the people in the festival liked that . in my opinion , you have to run more plays and films in next year's festival . 
i'm looking forward to hearing your answer . 
i'm looking forward to hearing your answer . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
i'd like to tell you about my experiences . before that you have to think why you need to earn money and how you do that . it is really important because making money needs a proper purpose . 
i'd like to tell you about my experiences . before that , you have to think about why you need to earn money and how you do that . it is really important because making money needs a proper purpose . 
firstly , i did newspaper delivery . i could make a bit of money , of course , it was far much than pocket money . nevertheless , i lost my concerntration to the study and i spent the money to entertainment . i earned easily and i couldn't control myself at that time . i was only 12 years old . 
firstly , i did newspaper delivery . i could make a bit of money , of course , it was far more than pocket money . nevertheless , i lost my concentration on my studies and i spent the money on entertainment . i earned easily and i couldn't control myself at that time . i was only 12 years old . 
secondly , i made brochure for a company when i was in high school . i was studying computer at that time . also i was leader of the computer user circle in the school so i needed some money for managing the circle . for this reason , i took this kind of part-time job in the company . despite the fact that it was part-time job , i worked very hard because i liked computer works . i could earn money , also i got a career . 
secondly , i made a brochure for a company when i was in high school . i was studying computers at that time . also i was leader of the computer-user circle in the school so i needed some money for managing the circle . for this reason , i took this kind of part-time job in the company . despite the fact that it was a part-time job , i worked very hard because i liked computer work . i could earn money , and i also got a career . 
finally , i worked for a factory during the last winter holiday . it was also hard and difficult , but i think that was easy way to make money . i forgot many skills and knowledge during the time . so lose was bigger than profit . 
finally , i worked for a factory during the last winter holiday . it was also hard , but i think that was an easy way to make money . i forgot many skills and knowledge during the time . so the loss was bigger than the profit . 
in conclusion , if you want to earn a bit of money , then you have to choose proper part-time job . because you will get some money as well as some career and knowledge . you must consider the purpose too . if you haven't purpose , you would waste money easily and quickly . 
in conclusion , if you want to earn a bit of money , then you have to choose a proper part-time job . because you will get some money as well as some career and knowledge . you must consider the purpose too . if you haven't a purpose , you will waste money easily and quickly . 
dear mrs jane clark , 
dear mrs clark , 
i am writing with reference to the international arts festival i have recently been to and i would like to give you my opinions about it . 
i am writing with reference to the international arts festival which i have recently been to and i would like to give you my opinions about it . 
according to the title of the advertisement , which was a great idea , there were stars and artists from around the world ; but they were only from six countries . 
according to the title of the advertisement , which was a great idea , there would be stars and artists from around the world but they were only from six countries . 
in addition to this some concert halls were too small to host all the people who were there fro the occasion and , personally speaking the show could be done at the open air next year , so that music would also create a fantastic atmosphere all around . 
in addition to this , some concert halls were too small to host all the people who were there for the occasion and , personally speaking , i think the show could be done in the open air next year , so that the music would also create a fantastic atmosphere all around . 
plays and films had a great success and i would like to ask if there will be more next year because in my opinion people would appreciate it . 
the plays and films were a great success and i would like to ask if there will be more next year because in my opinion people would appreciate it . 
the other events i went to , dance shows , art exhibitions and talk by writers , were well organised and extremely interesting . 
the other events i went to , dance shows , art exhibitions and talks by writers , were well-organised and extremely interesting . 
furthermore the weekend ticket was reasonably-priced and this was excellent decision because it gave the opportunity to a lot of people , adults but also students , to take part to the festival . 
furthermore the weekend ticket was reasonably-priced and this was an excellent decision because it gave the opportunity to a lot of people , adults but also students , to take part in the festival . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
dear george , 
dear george , 
i'm writing to answer your question about rules in my life , at school and at home . 
i'm writing to answer your question about the rules in my life , at school and at home . 
as you may know , i attend a liceo , which is the most difficult kind of high school in italy . 
as you may know , i attend a liceo , which is the most difficult kind of high school in italy . 
our teachers are very strick , we have to stand up as they come into class and wait until they say do sit down ! , , . we can't talk during lessons and we only have a en minutes break at 10 . 30 a . m . if we're late , we have to go to the principal and ask for his signature to go to class . 
our teachers are very strict , we have to stand up as they come into class and wait until they say do sit down ! " . we can't talk during lessons and we only have a ten minute ten-minute break at 10 . 30 a . m . if we're late , we have to go to the principal and ask for his signature to go to class . 
it's hard to be extremely quite for five hours but i reckon it's a good way of education . 
it's hard to be extremely quiet for five hours but i reckon it's a good method of education . 
on the other side , i feel free at home . i help doing cleaning or the washing , but i do it because i want to , not because my parents make me do it . 
on the other hand , i feel free at home . i help doing the cleaning or the washing , but i do it because i want to , not because my parents make me do it . 
i can go out and stay out late , i've got my car and my mobile , so that they can call me whenever they need to hear me; but above all i know they trust me and consider my an adult . 
i can go out and stay out late , i've got my car and my mobile , so that they can call me whenever they need to speak to me; but above all i know they trust me and consider me an adult . 
therefor i wouldn't change anything in my home life and neither in my school life . 
therefore i wouldn't change anything in my home life or in my school life . 
i'm looking forward to hearing from you . 
i'm looking forward to hearing from you . 
best wishes . 
best wishes , 
dear ms clark :
dear ms clark :
i am writing to give suggestion for the international art festival , which i have been to one weeks before . it was really good , but i feel it could be better next year . 
i am writing to give suggestions regarding the international art festival , which i went to one week ago . it was really good , but i feel it could be better next year . 
firstly , i want to say it is a great idea to have this international arts festival , it is very interesting , especially for the young people . i went to this festival with four friends and all of us enjoyed our time very much . it was said that stars and artists from around the world on the advertisement , but in fact they are from only six different countries , so i hope there will be artists from more different countries next year . although the jazz , rock and classical music was great , some concerts and halls are too small , could you consider making them bigger next year . 
firstly , i want to say it is a great idea to have this international arts festival . it is very interesting , especially for young people . i went to this festival with four friends and all of us enjoyed our time there very much . it was said that stars and artists from around the world would be there in the advertisement , but in fact they were from only six different countries , so i hope there will be artists from more countries next year . although the jazz , rock and classical music was great , some concerts and halls were too small . could you consider making them bigger next year ? 
the plays and films were really wonderful , people liked them very much , so could you play more next year 
the plays and films were really wonderful . people liked them very much , so could you have more next year ? 
the last thing is about the ticket . it was excellent about one reasonably-priced weekend ticket for all events , because it is convenient and normally young people do not have a lot of money , so i hope next year the ticket will be also like this . 
the last thing is about the ticket . it was excellent to have one reasonably priced weekend ticket for all events , because it is convenient and normally young people do not have a lot of money , so i hope next year the ticket will also be like this . 
i hope that you can consider my suggestions . i really look forward to going to the festival next year . 
i hope that you can consider my suggestions . i really look forward to going to the festival next year . 
yours sincerely:
yours sincerely:
dear jacob:
dear jacob:
i'm very glad to hear from you . i hope everything is ok . i'm really sorry i didn't write you back immediately , because i was preparing my exam at that moment , so can you forgive me ? we should keep in touch with each other , because you know i'm very happy to have a friend like you . 
i'm very glad to hear from you . i hope everything is ok . i'm really sorry i didn't write back to you immediately , because i was preparing my exam at that moment , so can you forgive me ? we should keep in touch with each other , because you know i'm very happy to have a friend like you . 
in your last letter you asked me something about our rules , both at home and at school in my country . i'd like to tell you that . in school , we have lots of rules , especially in the class and some of them are quite strange . for example , we can't go to the toliet during the lessons , we should go there in the brake . and we can't eat food or do any sports in our classroom . if you fail three subjects in your exam , you will be kicked out of school . it's too strickt , i don't like it . if i can , i would like to change this , because i don't think everyone can success at once , we should give them second chance to try . 
in your last letter you asked me something about our rules , both at home and at school in my country . i'd like to tell you that , in school , we have lots of rules , especially in class and some of them are quite strange . for example , we can't go to the toilet during lessons . we have to go there in the break . and we can't eat food or do any sports in our classroom . if you fail three subjects in your exam , you will be kicked out of school . it's too strict . i don't like it . if i could , i would like to change this , because i don't think everyone can succeed at once . we should give them a second chance to succeed . 
anyway , in my country , generally , children are free at home , but it also depends on their parents . for me , i don't have rules at home , just don't take trouble to my family , that's all . 
anyway , in my country , generally , children are free at home , but it also depends on their parents . for me , i don't have rules at home - i just don't make trouble for my family . that's all . 
ok , just here . i look forward to hearing from you soon . all the best wishes and good luck . 
ok , just here . i look forward to hearing from you soon . all the best and good luck . 
yours:
yours:
dear jane clark , 
dear jane clark , 
the purpose of this letter is to congratulate you on the international arts fesival i attended last weekend . 
the purpose of this letter is to congratulate you on the international arts festival i attended last weekend . 
i believe that the event was good , however i feel that the festival can be improved next year . 
i believe that the event was good . however , i feel that the festival could be improved next year . 
firstly i would like to tell you that the idea of organizing an international arts festival is fantastic , but in your advertisement it was said that i would find stars and artists from arround the world , when , in fact , they were from only six countries . i do understand that it must be difficult to get these people to go to the festival , but it would be nice if next year we could meet other personalities . 
firstly , i would like to tell you that the idea of organizing an international arts festival is fantastic , but in your advertisement it said that i would find stars and artists from around the world , when , in fact , they were from only six countries . i do understand that it must be difficult to get these people to come to the festival , but it would be nice if next year we could meet some other personalities . 
secondly i belive you should know that a lot of people , including me , were not able to enjoy concerts because some concert halls were too small . 
secondly , i believe you should know that a lot of people , including me , were not able to enjoy the concerts because some concert halls were too small . 
i would be very thankful if you could tell me if there will be more plays and films next year . 
i would be very grateful if you could tell me if there will be more plays and films next year . 
last but not least i would like you to know that i think the idea of the weekend ticket for all events was excellent because in the end it was cheaper than paying for each event separatelly . 
last but not least , i would like you to know that i think the idea of the weekend ticket for all events was excellent because in the end it was cheaper than paying for each event separately . 
i hope you find my opinion useful . 
i hope you find my opinions useful . 
once again congratulations on the festival . 
once again , congratulations on the festival . 
i hope to hearing from you soon 
i hope to hear from you soon , 
yours sincerelly , 
yours sincerely , 
tips to earn money
tips for earning money
when the holidays began everybody is happy because it represents the beginning of a time full of fun and lots of interesting things to do , but in order to do these things we all need money and that is a big problem to most of us . 
when the holidays begin everybody is happy because it represents the beginning of a time full of fun and lots of interesting things to do , but in order to do these things we all need money and that is a big problem for most of us . 
there are several ways to earn a bit of money in your spare time . one of the most common examples is baby- sitting taking care of little children is easy and it doesn't require special skills , all you need is a lot of patience . 
there are several ways to earn a bit of money in your spare time . one of the most common examples is babysitting . taking care of little children is easy and it doesn't require special skills : all you need is a lot of patience . 
if looking after children doesn't fit you , you can try with pets . lots of people would pay you to take their dog for a walk . so if you like animals this is your chance to earn money and have fun at the same time . 
if looking after children doesn't suit you , you can try the same thing with pets . lots of people would pay you to take their dog for a walk . so if you like animals this is your chance to earn some money and have fun at the same time . 
another option is to wash your neighbour's car . in this case you need to buy the materials you will work with , but don't worry , soap is not very expensive . 
another option is to wash your neighbour's car . in this case you need to buy the materials you will work with , but don't worry , soap is not very expensive . 
the most important thing is that you wisely choose the most suitable work for you , according to the things you like to do . 
the most important thing is that you choose the most suitable work for you wisely , according to the things you like to do . 
if you don't find anything good enough for you don't worry , you should always remember: it's not all about the money ! 
if you don't find anything good enough for you don't worry , you should always remember: it's not all about the money ! 
dear jane c
dear jane c
i have spent two days at the international arts festival recently and i am writing in order to give my opinions about it . 
i spent two days at the international arts festival recently recently spent two days at the international arts festival and i am writing in order to give my opinions about it . 
when i knew it was going to be an international festival , i got really excited because i would finally have the opportunity to meet stars and artists from around the world , but i felt rather disappointed when i found out that was not at all true . besides this , i think that some of the concert halls were too small that i felt very uncomfortable . however , the one-reasonably-priced weekend ticket for all events was marvellous because i was able to attend as many concerts as i wished without spending much money . 
when i found out there was going to be an international festival , i got really excited because i would finally have the opportunity to meet stars and artists from around the world , but i felt rather disappointed when i found out that was not at all true . besides this , i think that some of the concert halls were too small so that i felt very uncomfortable . however , the one reasonably priced weekend ticket for all the events was marvellous because i was able to attend as many concerts as i wished without spending much money . 
although that festival was not well-organized , i would like you to repeat it next year . i wish you could perform more plays and films , and there should be more varied art exhibitions . but i really appreciate it if you would take into consideration the problem with the lack of space in the concert halls . 
although that festival was not well organized , i would like you to repeat it next year . i wish you could show more plays and films , and there should be more varied art exhibitions . but i would really appreciate it if you took into consideration the problem with the lack of space in the concert halls . 
i hope you consider these pieces of suggestions . 
i hope you consider these suggestions . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
it is really nice to hearing from you and i think we will learn so many interesting facts from each other . 
it is really nice to hear from you and i think we will learn so many interesting facts from each other . 
personally , i can not imagine human life without rules , especially those that have to do with respecting other people . moreover , i am in favour of rules at school because it is very important for children to learn how to cooperate with others . 
personally , i cannot imagine human life without rules , especially those that have to do with respecting other people . moreover , i am in favour of rules at school because it is very important for children to learn how to cooperate with others . 
as far as i can remember , i had to respect a lot of rules but the most important concerning wearing the suitable clothes , to arrive in time and get on with every teacher and authority . as a consequence , most mates used to complain about those rules but all of us tried to put up with them . 
as far as i can remember , i had to respect a lot of rules but the most important ones were concerning wearing suitable clothes , arriving on time and getting on with every teacher and authority figure . as a consequence , most schoolmates used to complain about those rules but all of us tried to put up with them . 
at home it is the other way about . fortunately , rules are made by every member of the family so that no one complains about them . i must admit that i am able to do whatever i want , such as inviting friends , watching tv until midnight and so on . in fact , the only strong rule is to cooperate with house-keeping and meal . that is all ! 
at home it is the other way round . fortunately , rules are made by every member of the family so that no one complains about them . i must admit that i am able to do whatever i want , such as invite friends over , watch tv until midnight and so on . in fact , the only strong rule is to help out with the housekeeping household chores and meals . that is all ! 
hope you enjoy my experiences 
i hope you enjoy my experiences . 
best wishes
best wishes
dear jane clark , 
dear jane clark , 
i am writing about the international arts festival which has just finished . 
i am writing about the international arts festival which has just finished . 
i congratulated with you because it has been a great idea since the town needed a cultural event . i especially appreciate the weekend tickets which almost everybody could afford , also students like me . 
i congratulate you because it was a great idea and the town needed a cultural event . i especially appreciated the weekend tickets which almost everybody could afford , even students like me . 
however , i think that some concert halls were too small for the musical performances . you probably did not expect such a big audience ! being very fond of films , i would have appreciate seeing more of them . for next year's edition , you could possibly add some foreign films , like the chinese ones , which i most like . 
however , i think that some concert halls were too small for the musical performances . you probably did not expect such a big audience ! being very fond of films , i would have appreciated seeing more of them . for next year's festival , you could possibly add some foreign films , like chinese ones , which i like most . 
finally , in order to make a really international festival , i think you should invite artists from all over the world , not just from six countries like this year . 
finally , in order to make it a really international festival , i think you should invite artists from all over the world , not just from six countries like this year . 
i hope that you will appreciate my opinions and suggestions , which i have shared with my friends . 
i hope that you will appreciate my opinions and suggestions , which i have shared with my friends . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
simply a good idea and that's enough
simply a good idea and that's enough
are you young and full of life but you don't have enough money to enjoy your spare time ? simply let your brain work and you could find out wonderful ideas to earn money enjoying yourself . 
are you young and full of life but don't have enough money to enjoy your spare time ? simply let your brain work and you could come up with wonderful ideas to earn money enjoying yourself . 
are you fed up of looking after the screaming baby of your mother's friend ? you could move from children to pets and become a dog-sitter , spending your afternoons walking round the park and chatting with a friend . 
are you fed up with looking after the screaming baby of your mother's friend ? you could move from children to pets and become a dog-sitter , spending your afternoons walking round the park and chatting with a friend . 
are you keen on music and you love going to disco ? with a short training you'll be able to mix songs at parties . you won't dance but the earning is guarantee ! 
are you keen on music and love going to discos ? with a short training you'll be able to mix songs at parties . you won't dance but the earnings are guaranteed ! 
do you like do-it-yourself and your house is full of marvellous but unuseful things ? you could sell them to a specialised shop and finally tidy up your room ! 
do you like do-it-yourself and is your house full of marvellous but useless things ? you could sell them to a specialised shop and finally tidy up your room ! 
so , what are waiting for ? work out your own idea and realise it : money won't be a problem for you anymore ! 
so , what are you waiting for ? work out your own idea and put it into practice : money won't be a problem for you anymore ! 
16 . 12 . 00
16 . 12 . 00
dear clark , 
dear clark , 
i am writing to response to the international arsts festival , which took place on 21-22 november . i would like to inform you , that it was a great idea and valuable activitie as a social event . 
i am writing in response to the international arts festival , which took place on 21-22 november . i would like to inform you that it was a great idea and a valuable activity as a social event . 
however , it was a dissapointment , when i realised that not many countries were attending to the event . i could be fine if i had seen more countries from all around the world , for instance : far east , indonesia etc . 
however , it was a disappointment when i realised that not many countries were attending the event . i would have liked to have seen more countries from all around the world , for instance , the far east , indonesia etc . 
it wasn't complicated to find the right hall to the shows , i should say it was very well organised . 
it wasn't difficult to find the right hall for the shows , i would say it was very well organised . 
but one thing , i have to mention is that some of the concert halls was too small and it wasn't comfortable as well as to fell the great atmosphere . 
but one thing i have to mention is that some of the concert halls were too small and they weren't comfortable either , and this spoiled the great atmosphere . 
on the other side , i enjoyed to being on of the people to see the plays and films , dance shows which was brillantly performed - art exbitions . listening talks by the famous writers was a opportunity which i couldn't missed . 
on the other hand , i enjoyed being one of the people seeing the plays films , the dance shows which were brilliantly performed and the art exhibitions . listening to talks by famous writers was an opportunity which i couldn't miss . 
i would like to ask , if you could expend the plays and films more for next year ? i have to add that the weekend ticket was a ideal idea to sell all the events . 
i would like to ask if you could extend the plays and films next year ? i have to add that the weekend ticket was an ideal a great idea to sell all the events . 
finally , i preciate your organisation and look forward to hearing from the next international arts festival . 
finally , i appreciate your organisation and look forward to hearing about the next international arts festival . 
16 . 12 . 00
16 . 12 . 00
dear nico , 
dear nico , 
its really nice to hearing from you and thank you very much for the letter with photos . its a good idea to send them to me , because i have to confess that i have lost my camera and also the films . what a pitty ! 
it's really nice to hear from you and thank you very much for the letter and photos . it's it was a good idea to send them to me , because i have to confess that i have lost my camera and also the films . what a pity ! 
by the way how is your new school ? did you like it more than the previous one ? 
by the way , how is your new school ? do you like it more than the previous one ? 
i must say that our school rules are quite different than yours . first of all we have to stand up , when we speak to the teacher and have to pay full attention to the lessons . if you missed a lesson , that could be a trouble for yourself . i think it depends on the school . privat schools have more relaxed atmosphere that the state school . they don't have strike rules and students can take extra lessons . 
i must say that our school rules are quite different to yours . first of all we have to stand up when we speak to the teacher and have to pay full attention to the lessons . if you miss a lesson , that could cause a problem for you . i think it depends on the school . private schools have a more relaxed atmosphere than the state schools . they don't have strict rules and students can take extra lessons . 
on the other hand , in the state schools as i said , we are more respectful to the teacher and bad behaviours are punished . for example , you have to do more homeworks or they are sending you home etc . of course smoking isn't allowed at any part of the schol . 
on the other hand , in the state schools as i said , we are more respectful to the teacher and bad behaviour is punished . for example , you have to do more homework or they send you home etc . of course smoking isn't allowed in any part of the school . 
i have a relaxed family and we are sharing all the houseworks . my father does the cooking , my mother does the cleaning and i do tidying up ! but in many families women are doing more than men . i can't accept that , because you have to share all the duties and spend more time together . 
i have a relaxed family and we share all the housework . my father does the cooking , my mother does the cleaning and i tidy up ! but in many families , women do more than men . i can't accept that , because you have to share all the duties and spend more time together . 
anyway it think that's it for now . 
anyway , i think that's it for now . 
i hope to hearing from you soon . 
i hope to hear from you soon . 
lots of love 
lots of love 
rome 16th december 2000
rome 16th december 2000
dear jane x , 
dear jane x , 
i'm an italian boy who went to the international arts festival last november and i enjoyed most of the events i went to but given that i think that the festival could be better next year i write you these lines in order to make you know some observations of mine about the festival . 
i'm an italian boy who went to the international arts festival last november and i enjoyed most of the events i went to , but because i think that the festival could be better next year i am writing to you in order to let you hear some observations of mine about the festival . 
the festival on its own is a great idea because there aren't many of these events dealing with art but i think that instead of inviting stars and artists only from six counties they could be invited really from all the world . 
the festival on its own is a great idea because there aren't many of these events dealing with art but i think that instead of inviting stars and artists from only six counties they could be invited really from all over the world . 
furthermore , and for sure it is not your fault , some of the halls for the concerts were too small and that prevented me from enjoying some of the concerts because of the noise but also prevented many people from entering the hall that was often two crowded . 
furthermore , and certainly it is not your fault , some of the halls for the concerts were too small and that prevented me from enjoying some of the concerts because of the noise but also prevented many people from entering the hall , which was often too crowded . 
i hope next year plays and films will be more and that the ticket will be reasonably-priced as this year in way that people not really interested in arts could come and enjoy the festival . 
i hope next year there will be more play and films and that the ticket will be reasonably priced as this year in way that people not really interested in arts could come and enjoy the festival . 
friendly 
friendly 
rome 16th december 2000
rome 16th december 2000
dear marie , 
dear marie , 
i'm going to write you about rules in my country and i have to tell you that life in school isn't too hard because even if there are many rules to follow nobody does it . 
i'm going to write about rules in my country and i have to tell you that life in school isn't too hard because even if there are a lot of rules to follow nobody does . 
it's written in the regulament that we can't leave the school during the breaks; we can't smoke near the classrooms; we had to justify our absences or late-enterings and even if you're over eighteen your parents have to justify you with the teacher . 
it's written in the regulations that we can't leave the school during the breaks; we can't smoke near the classrooms; we have to justify our absences or lateness and even if you're over eighteen your parents have to justify you with the teacher . 
at my home every rule must be respected . 
at my home every rule must be respected . 
even if my parents don't look after me for all the matters like going out on nights or studying you don't have to think that living in my house is like living in heaven because i can't play the guitar or listen to music at a loud volume or invite my friends for a saturday night party . 
even if my parents don't look after me for all the matters like going out at night or studying you shouldn't think that living in my house is like living in heaven because i can't play the guitar or listen to music at a loud volume or invite my friends over for a saturday night party . 
these are the things that i'd like to chance ; i'd like to do what i really want but i don't know if i'm really ready for this ! ! 
these are the things that i'd like to change ; i'd like to do what i really want to do but i don't know if i'm really ready for this ! ! 
with love
with love
dear ms clark , 
dear ms clark , 
i am very glad to write to you . i spent two days at the international arts festival you organised . i enjoyed most of the events i went to , but i feel that the festival could be even better next year . here are some opinions and suggestions:
i am very glad to write to you . i spent two days at the international arts festival you organised . i enjoyed most of the events i went to , but i feel that the festival could be even better next year . here are some opinions and suggestions:
although your advertisement said there would be stars and artists from around the world , i was able to see artists from only six countries . additionally , some concert halls were too small to relax , while most of them were very comfortable . 
although your advertisement said there would be stars and artists from around the world , i was able to see artists from only six countries . additionally , some concert halls were too small to relax in , though most of them were very comfortable . 
it was a pity for me that there were fewer plays and films than i had expected . i suggest to you that you should organise more next year . 
it was a pity for me that there were fewer plays and films than i had expected . i suggest that you should organise more next year . 
on the other hand , there were a lot that impressed me very much . for example , there was one reasonably-priced weekend ticket for all events . it is a very good way to increase the number of music-lovers . 
on the other hand , there was a lot that impressed me very much . for example , there was one reasonably priced weekend ticket for all events . it is a very good way to increase the number of music-lovers . 
last but not last , i would like to thank you for devoting yourself to making this festival wonderful every year . i enjoyed it very much . 
last but not least , i would like to thank you for devoting yourself to making this festival wonderful every year . i enjoyed it very much . 
sincerely yours , 
sincerely yours , 
long long ago , there lived in a province of bizen in japan an old woman and an old man . they were eagar to have a child , but they had never been able to . 
long long ago , there lived in the province of bizen in japan an old woman and an old man . they were eager to have a child , but they had never been able to . 
one day , the woman went to the riverside , and found a peach floating in the river . she brought it to her house , cutting it with her husband . to their surprise , there was a boy in the peach ! they named him momotaro , and looked after him . 
one day , the woman went to the riverside , and found a peach floating in the river . she took it to her house , cutting it in two , with her husband . to their surprise , there was a boy in the peach ! they named him momotaro , and looked after him . 
the boy had grown and had become very strong when he heard that there were lots of devils on onigashima island who robbed many people in bizen of much money and many treasures . he made up his mind to defeat them , and asked his stepmother for some kibidango , one of traditional snacks in japan . having eaten the kibidango , he departed for onigashima with three friends of him : a dog , a monkey and a bird . 
the boy had grown and had become very strong when he heard that there were lots of devils on onigashima island who robbed many people in bizen of a lot of money and a lot of treasure . he made up his mind to defeat them , and asked his stepmother for some kibidango , one of traditional snacks in japan . having eaten the kibidango , he departed for onigashima with three friends of his : a dog , a monkey and a bird . 
reaching the island , he and his friends fought bravely against the devils . they finally succeeded n defeating the devils , and took back all the money and treasures . after that , they went home . 
reaching the island , he and his friends fought bravely against the devils . they finally succeeded in defeating the devils , and took back all the money and treasure . after that , they went home . 
all the people in bizen including his stepparents met momotaro and his friends with a great joy . 
all the people in bizen including his stepparents received momotaro and his friends with great joy . 
this story happened a long time ago . 
this story happened a long time ago . 
dear jane clark
dear jane clark
hello , i spent two days at your annual international arts festival . i was very impressed and i wish you could make the festival better next year . 
hello , i spent two days at your annual international arts festival . i was very impressed and i wish you could make the festival better next year . 
i think international arts festival is a great idea , because you can see how other country's art is , but i think in this festival , there were too many country's people . you should pick only six countries , so it won't be very busy and another reason is that the concert hall is too small that the people can't even dance in classical concerts . 
i think the international arts festival is a great idea , because you can see how other countries' art is , but i think in this festival , there were too many countries' people . you should pick only six countries , so it won't be very busy and another reason is that the concert hall is too small so that the people couldn't even dance at classical concerts . 
this years' 'plays and films' was too short . i was very disappointed about this , but the other shows were great . i felt very good about all these shows . 
this years' 'plays and films' was too short . i was very disappointed about this , but the other shows were great . i felt very good about all these shows . 
in my opinion , the tickets for all events is a wonderful idea , because everybody has a chance to see everything and the people would think this is a great festival . 
in my opinion , the tickets for all events is a wonderful idea , because everybody has a chance to see everything and the people would think this is a great festival . 
what do you think about picking five people and give them tickets for 'art travel' ? i think this is a good idea . generally it was very good and i wish more people would come next year . 
what do you think about picking five people and giving them tickets for 'art travel' ? i think this is a good idea . generally it was very good and i hope more people will come next year . 
yours faithfully , 
yours faithfully , 
dear tim , i'm glad to have your letter back soon . do you want to know about our country's rules ? i think your country and our country's rules are the same . first , in school , we are not allowed to run . this is very important , because many accidents happen because of running . when we need to go upstairs , you have to keep left and when you have to go downstairs , you need to keep left as well . you have to do your homework and do your best what you're asked to do . you can't go to the toilet during the class , because you are interrupting the other student's study and there are more . . like when the class starts you have to keep quiet and you can't say anything while the teacher speaks . second , at home we all have different rules . some family have rules that you have to put spoons and dishes everyday . i think the main rule is when you can play computer games , because they love computer games . tell me about english rules . i'm curious about it . your best wishes from 
dear tim , i'm glad to have your letter back so soon . do you want to know about our country's rules ? i think your country and our country's rules are the same . first , in school , we are not allowed to run . this is very important , because many accidents happen because of running . when we need to go upstairs , you have to keep left and when you have to go downstairs , you need to keep left as well . you have to do your homework and do your best at what you're asked to do . you can't go to the toilet during the class , because you are interrupting the other students' study and there are more . . like when the class starts you have to keep quiet and you can't say anything while the teacher speaks . second , at home we all have different rules . some families have rules that you have to put spoons and dishes everyday . i think the main rule is when you can play computer games , because they love computer games . tell me about english rules . i'm curious about it . best wishes from 
dear sir , 
dear sir , 
first of all i would like to say that organising an international arts festival was a great idea . i enjoyed it and found worthy to visit . 
first of all i would like to say that organising an international arts festival was a great idea . i enjoyed it and found it worth visiting . 
the annual international arts festival , which was held on the 21st and 22nd of november , was colourful with the stars and artist coming from around the world . although this was true , they were from only six countries . you could have let us get used to more cultures by inviting from some other countries too . 
the annual international arts festival , which was held on the 21st and 22nd of november , was colourful with stars and artists coming from around the world . although this was true , they were from only six countries . you could have let us get acquainted with more cultures by inviting guests from some other countries too . 
the concert halls were not big enough to let all the guests in . so i could hardly participated in all of the concerts . 
the concert halls were not big enough to let all the guests in . so i could hardly participate in attend all of the concerts . 
the organisation was very good i found chances to see dance shows , art exhibitions and to listen to writers , but there could be more plays and films next year . 
the organisation was very good . i found chances to see dance shows , art exhibitions and to listen to writers , but there could be more plays and films next year . 
it was really a reasonably-priced weekend for me , but you should also recognise new activities like competitions on singing songs , drawing a portrate next year . then it would be excellent . 
it was really a reasonably priced weekend for me , but you should also introduce new activities like competitions in singing songs or drawing a portrait next year . then it would be excellent . 
thanks for everything . 
thanks for everything . 
yours sincerely , 
yours faithfully , 
dear ana , 
dear ana , 
i have received your letter . it is nice to hear from you again . i'm in a hurry , so i will directly come to the point . 
i have received your letter . it is nice to hear from you again . i'm in a hurry , so i will come directly to the point . 
everywhere and everytime in our lives we face with the rules . some find them as a source of protection of their rights and others as a limitation of them . for me they are both . 
everywhere and at every time in our lives we are faced with rules . some view them as a source of protection of their rights and others as a limitation of them . for me they are both . 
at schools we have certain rules like being in the class , sitting in your place before the lecture starts , bringing in your equipment with you , keeping quiet during the lessons and raising your hand when you want to talk . i think these are international rules which help things to go in order . 
at school we have certain rules like being in the class , sitting in your place before the lecture starts , bringing in your equipment with you , keeping quiet during the lessons and raising your hand when you want to talk . i think these are international rules which help things to progress in order . 
contrary there are other rules which annoy us like the clothing ones ones clothing . you should wear the same things every time , no changes and alternations are allowed . it makes us like robots and feel bad psychologically , because we want to be different and free in wearing . also the attendance rules put a strain on us . if we don't come to school for 10 days , then we can't pass the class . they don't care if we have problems , exams to study or if we are ill . 
on the other hand there are other rules which annoy us like the ones about clothing . you should wear the same things every time , no changes and alternations are allowed . it makes us like robots and we feel bad psychologically , because we want to be different and free in what we wear . also the attendance rules put a strain on us . if we don't come to school for 10 days , then we can't pass the course . they don't care if we have problems , exams to study for or if we are ill . 
at homes we have again rules , but more flexible ones . you should be punctual when coming to dining table , respectful , do your home works and watch tv less and not too loud . 
at home we again have rules , but more flexible ones . you should be punctual when coming to the dining table , respectful , do your homeworks homework and watch tv less and not too loud . 
i would like to change the attendance and clothing rules in school , but i don't have the enough power . they are against democracy i think . 
i would like to change the attendance and clothing rules in school , but i don't have enough power . they are against democracy i think . 
anyway hope to hear from you soon . 
anyway hope to hear from you soon . 
with all my love , 
with all my love , 
dear jane clark , 
dear jane clark , 
i am writing to thank you for providing international arts festival . it was absolutely great idea . 
i am writing to thank you for arranging the international arts festival . it was an absolutely great idea . 
however , i would like to give some suggestions for next year as i have read the advertisement . 
however , i would like to give some suggestions for next year as i have read the advertisement . 
firstly , could you invite stars and artists from more than only six contries ? in my opinion , it might be better to have time with variety nationallites . secondly , the music concerts were very exciting and had a lot of fun , but some concert halls were too small to enjoy them comfortably . 
firstly , could you invite stars and artists from more than only six countries ? in my opinion , it might be better to have time with a variety of nationalities . secondly , the music concerts were very exciting and i had a lot of fun , but some concert halls were too small to enjoy them comfortably . 
thirdly , i am expecting to watch more films and plays which were impressive . 
thirdly , i am expecting to watch more films and plays , which were impressive . 
lastly , it could be nice to students who are interested in arts , if you help special events , for instance , song contest , writing competition or dance lessons . 
lastly , it could be nice for students who are interested in the arts , if you offer special events , for instance , a song contest , writing competition or dance lessons . 
to sum up , i hope the festival is developed next year with excellent reasonably-priced ticket like this year's . 
to sum up , i hope the festival is organised next year with excellent reasonably-priced tickets like this year's . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
part time jobs : find in your place
part time jobs : find your place
do you need money ? if you do , make sure why you want to earn money . that is very important to find a way for earning and saving money . 
do you need money ? if you do , make sure why you want to earn money . that is very important to find a way of earning and saving money . 
probably the best way you can get money is to have a part time job in your spare time . i am recommending you to check your possible time to work - weekdays or weekend ? - before you request a job . 
probably the best way you can get money is to have a part-time job in your spare time . i am recommending you check your possible time to work - weekdays or weekend ? - before you apply for a job . 
if you just decide to work , you'd better to find a job in your place . firstly , go to your school or local council . they will be able to help to find safe and suitable jobs for students like you . secondly , as your family or friends . as they know about your interestings and personality , it is easy to help you . in my case , i could get a telephone researcher part by my friend's reference . 
if you just decide to work , you'd better find a job near your place . firstly , go to your school or local council . they will be able to help to find safe and suitable jobs for students like you . secondly , ask your family or friends . as they know about your interests and personality , it is easy to help you . in my case , i could get a telephone researcher part by my friend's reference . 
in conclusion , don't forget that a job is just spent in your " spare " time . that's it ! 
in conclusion , don't forget that a job is just done in your " spare " time . that's it ! 
dear mrs . jane x , 
dear mrs . jane x , 
i would like to make some appoitments about the event that i had been . 
i would like to make some appointments comments about the event that i went to . 
first of all , the concert hall is too small to have a great concert . i think should be bigger for jazz , rock or still classical concerts . 
first of all , the concert hall is too small to have a great concert . i think it should be bigger for jazz , rock or even classical concerts . 
secondly , i had some ideas for the next year events , such as :
secondly , i had some ideas for the next year's events , such as the following :
- funny plays and films to spend the break time ;
- funny plays and films to spend the break ;
- dance shows after dinner to have something interesting to do in the night , 
- dance shows after dinner to provide something interesting to do in the night ; 
- art exbitions to know more things about artist's lifestyle; and
- art exhibitions to teach us more things about the artist's lifestyle; and
- talks by writers to say how good is his latest book . 
- talks by writers to say how good his latest book is . 
in addictions , the ticket's price is too expensive and difficult to buy another one every day , so , i think is more effective if was one reasonably-priced weekend ticket for all events . 
in addition , the tickets' price tickets are too expensive and it is difficult to buy a new one every day . so , i think it would be more effective if there was one reasonably-priced weekend ticket for all events . 
in conclusion , i hope will be better next year if these points was observed for the each year the event to be better than before . 
in conclusion , i believe it will be better next year if these points were are observed for the each year the event to be better than before . 
sincerely
sincerely
how are you ? it was nice to receive notices about you . 
how are you ? it was nice to get some news about you . 
i remember these time in our class when us talking many time about rules and i am missing that time so much . 
i remember this time in our class when we were talking for a long time about rules and i am missing that time so much . 
well , about rules in my contry , is not different than another countries . the rules must be respect for all people if you don't want get out from scholl . you must to be organise , clean and respect the right of other people . . 
well , about rules in my country , the situation is not different from other countries . the rules must be respected by all people if you don't want to get to be kicked out of school . you must be organised , clean and respect the rights of other people . 
dear jean clark , 
dear jean clark , 
i recently spent two days at your annual international arts festival and i am writing to express my opinion about it . 
i recently spent two days at your annual international arts festival and i am writing to express my opinion about it . 
firstly , i think the international arts festival is a wonderful idea because i have the opportunity to enjoy different arts events . but it is also true i could just see stars and artists on stage from only six countries , not stars from around the world as you announce in your advertisement . 
firstly , i think the international arts festival is a wonderful idea because i have the opportunity to enjoy different arts events . but it is also true i could just see stars and artists on stage from only six countries , not stars from around the world as you announced said in your advertisement . 
secondly i really enjoyed the jazz and classical concerts in spite of the fact that some of them were taken place in too small concert halls . thirdly , all the plays and films showed were interesting , in my opinion you should include some more films and plays in your festival next year . finally , i think it was a good idea the fact to buy only one ticket for all the events since i just spent the time watching and enjoying all of them . 
secondly , i really enjoyed the jazz and classical concerts in spite of the fact that some of them took place in too small concert halls . thirdly , all the plays and films shown were interesting . in my opinion you should include some more films and plays in your festival next year . finally , i think it was a good idea buying only one ticket for all the events since i spent the time watching and enjoying all of them . 
i look forward hearing from you . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
your sincerely
yours sincerely
dear george , 
dear george , 
sorry it's been too long since i last wrote but i've been so busy at school that i couldn't answer you before . 
sorry it's been too long since i last wrote but i've been so busy at school that i couldn't answer you before . 
as you tell me in your last letter you were talking about rules in your class and you want to know about school rules in my country and also what i am allowed to do at home . first i must tell you that teachers are strict at school . we aren't allowed to eat in the classrooms and in addition to this we must sit down in individual desks . we can't chat with our classmates . how boring ! at home everything is quite good , mum and dad are great but there's one main rule i must tell them were i go and what time i'll come back . granny is the problem she's a bit bossy ! she usually tells me what to do and what kind of clothes i should wear but i don't care about it . 
as you told me in your last letter , you were talking about rules in your class and you wanted to know about school rules in my country and also what i am allowed to do at home . first , i must tell you that the teachers are strict at school . we aren't allowed to eat in the classrooms and in addition to this we must sit down at individual desks . we can't chat with our classmates . how boring ! at home everything is quite good , because mum and dad are great but there's one main rule : i must tell them where i am going and what time i'll come back . granny is the problem because she's a bit bossy ! she usually tells me what to do and what kinds of clothes i should wear but i don't take any notice of her . 
i really must get down to some homework now so i'll stop here . give my love to your parents . 
i really must get down to some homework now so i'll stop here . give my love to your parents . 
write to me soon
write to me soon
dear mr. jane clark , 
dear mr. jane clark , 
i am writing to give my opinion about the international arts festival which was held 21st and 22nd november . 
i am writing to give my opinion about the international arts festival which was held on 21st and 22nd november . 
i went to the rock concert by u2 and the chinese film " chung king express " . both of them were not only really enjoyable , but also reasonably-priced . however , i feel that it would be even better if there were some improvement . 
i went to the rock concert by u2 and to see the chinese film " chung king express " . both of them were not only really enjoyable , but also reasonably priced . however , i feel that it would be even better if there were some improvement . 
first of all , it would be greater if there were more famous people who have various nationalities . because most of them were from english speaking country this year . in addition , larger halls should be provided for concerts since a lot of people could not get tickets for those by big stars . moreover , personally , i hope that the number of plays and films will increase . i think they are the nearest 'arts' in real life . 
first of all , it would be better if there were more famous people of various nationalities , because most of them were from english-speaking countries this year . in addition , larger halls should be provided for concerts since a lot of people could not get tickets for those by big stars . moreover , personally , i hope that the number of plays and films will increase . i think they are the nearest 'arts' in real life . 
i would be glad if you consider my suggestions . 
i would be glad if you considered my suggestions . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
money - hasn't it always been one of the most important problem for students ? of course , you can't afford a luxualy car and a large apartment unless you've born with a silver spoon . however , there are some good ways for you to earn enough money to enjoy yourself . 
money - hasn't it always been one of the most important problems for students ? of course , you can't afford a luxury car and a large apartment unless you're born with a silver spoon you're born with a silver spoon in your mouth . however , there are some good ways for you to earn enough money to enjoy yourself . 
how about working as a waiter or waitress ? not only it's a simple job , but also you can enjoy working with many colleague at your age . it would be great fan to make friends outside your class or club . 
how about working as a waiter or waitress ? not only is it a simple job , but also you can enjoy working with a lot of colleagues your age . it would be great fun to make friends outside your class or club . 
if you say that the wage is far from satisfaction , why don't you teach younger students as a private teacher . it's also really popular job among university students because of the good salaly . if you are interested in teaching and responsible enough , you'll probably become an excellent teacher . 
if you say that the wage is far from satisfactory , why don't you teach younger students as a private teacher . it's also a really popular job among university students because of the good salary . if you are interested in teaching and responsible enough , you'll probably become an excellent teacher . 
stop complaining about lack of money and let's start working to have a new world . you'll find that your life is becoming more and more enjoyable ! 
stop complaining about a lack of money and let's start working to have a new world . you'll find that your life is becoming more and more enjoyable ! 
25th november 2000
25th november 2000
dear mr clark , 
dear mr clark , 
i have seen your advertisement in " the sun " newspaper on 10th november , and i went to the festival on last friday . most of the events were wonderful and well-organised . i enjoyed it , but i think it could be even better next year , so i would like to give my inmature views of it . 
i saw your advertisement in " the sun " newspaper on 10th november , and i went to the festival last friday . most of the events were wonderful and well organised . i enjoyed it , but i think it could be even better next year , so i would like to give my inmature view of it . 
firstly , the idea of holding this international arts festival is great . i made people enjoyed their weekend , relaxed themselves , also it brought the foreign culture to them , enlarged their kownlegth . in addition to it , one weekend ticket for all events was only 10 , this was excellent , it made people only spend pocket-money , and then they could watch all the events at the weeked , for them it is really economical to spent their weekend . so my friends told me that was his cheapest weekend . 
firstly , the idea of holding this international arts festival is great . it allowed people to enjoy their weekend , relax , and also it brought a foreign culture to them , enlarging broadening their knowledge . in addition to this , one weekend ticket for all the events was only 10 . this was excellent . it meant people only spent pocket-money , and then they could watch all the events at the weekend . for them it is a really economical way to spend their weekend . so my friends told me that this was their cheapest weekend . 
moreover , the stars and artists were only from six countries , in my opinion , if you can invite more stars and artists from more countries , it will make the festival more exciting , more intesting , and from my point of view , some concert halls were too small , the people in there couldn't even go to the loo ! because it was too crowed . finally , the plays and films were wonderfully welcomed , as far as i'm concerned . if you can show more play and films it will achieve a good effect . 
moreover , the stars and artists were from only six countries . in my opinion , if you can invite more stars and artists from more countries , it will make the festival more exciting , more interesting , and in my opinion , some of the concert halls were too small . the people in there couldn't even go to the loo , because it was too crowded . finally , the plays and films were wonderfully welcomed , as far as i'm concerned . if you can have more plays and films , it will have a good effect . 
this are only my inmature views , if it is considerable for you , i will be very pleased , thank you very much . 
these are only my immature views . if it is considerable for you , i will be very pleased . thank you very much . 
i'm look forward to hearing your replies . 
i'm looking forward to receiving your reply . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
16 , dec . 2000
16 , dec . 2000
dear yasmin , 
dear yasmin , 
it was really pleased to receive your letter yesterday , you asked me about rules ; both at my home and at my school , i am very happy to tell you about this . 
i was really pleased to receive your letter yesterday . you asked me about rules , both in my home and at my school . i am very happy to tell you about this . 
at my school , we aren't allowed to smoke inside the building , because the building is made of wood , it tend to catch fire easily , and we aren't allowed to use internet , there are only ten computers in the school , only teachers can use it , if we used , we would be sent to the head office of the school . 
at my school , we aren't allowed to smoke inside the building , because the building is made of wood . it tends to catch fire easily , and we aren't allowed to use the internet . there are only ten computers in the school . only teachers can use them . if we used them , we would be sent to the head office of the school . 
at my home , there are many rules , because i'm careless , so i amn't allowed to smoke at home as well : and i'm not allowed to use telephone , because last year i made 1000 bill for one month , my parents were very angry with it , so they told me i am not to use telephone any more , oh , how poor ! 
at my home , there are many rules , because i'm careless , so i am not allowed to smoke at home either : and i'm not allowed to use the telephone , because last year i ran up a 1000 bill for one month . my parents were very angry with me , so they told me i am not to use the telephone any more . oh , how poor ! 
how is the weather like in england , i hope it isn't too wet , please give my regards to your parents . 
what is the weather like in england . i hope it isn't too wet . please give my regards to your parents . 
lots of love , 
lots of love , 
dear ms jane clark , 
dear ms clark , 
recently i visited an arts festival , organized with your help . i enjoyed it very much and i think the idea of its creation is great . however , i have some proposals about its improving next year . 
recently i visited an arts festival organized with your help . i enjoyed it very much and i think the idea of it is great . however , i have some proposals for its improvement next year . 
at first , i propose to invite stars and artists not from all the world , but from only six countries . this change will give opportunity to create some different performance . 
first , i suggest you invite stars and artists not from all over the world , but from only six countries . this change will give the opportunity to create some different performance . 
the second my proposition is about classic concerts . i suppose that some concert halls are too small , so you should be sure about it in advance . 
the my second my second proposition is about the classical concerts . i think that some concert halls are too small , so you should be sure about in advance . 
this year i noticed that there were only few plays and films . from my point of view , there should be more films because this part of the festival is interesting for people . 
this year i noticed that there were only a few plays and films . from my point of view , there should be more films because this part of the festival is interesting for people . 
and , at last , i should congratulate you with the decision of making one weekend ticket for all events . i support this idea which is convinient both for people and organisators . 
and , finally , i should congratulate you on the decision to make to have one weekend ticket for all events . i support this idea which is convenient both for the public and the organisers . 
i hope you will consider my proposals . 
i hope you will consider my proposals . 
i am looking forward for this festival next year . 
i am looking forward to the festival next year . 
yours faithfully , 
yours sincerely , 
dear ana , 
dear ana , 
thanks for your letter and postcard . it was really nice . the things you wrote about in your letter are quite common for me , because we , actually , have some problems about our rules . 
thanks for your letter and postcard . it was really nice . the things you wrote about in your letter are quite familiar for me , because we , at the moment , have some problems with our rules . 
at first , about school . 
first , about school . 
i'm really fed up with our school forne ! it is awfull ! and the problem is that nobody wants to wear it . that's why our headmaster is really angry . off course , if we had such pretty forne like yours , we would wear it with pleasure . but it's impossible at the moment . 
i'm really fed up with our school uniform ! it is awful ! and the problem is that nobody wants to wear it . that's why our headmaster is really angry . of course , if we had a pretty uniform like yours , we would wear it with pleasure . but it's impossible at the moment . 
what should i say you about home . . . 
what should i say to you about home . . . 
we are quite friendly family , that's why we actually don't have some special rules . however , we promised our perents to make cleaning up every week . 
we are quite a friendly family , that's why we actually don't have any special rules . however , we promised our parents to do some cleaning every week . 
this is all i wanted to write you about rules . 
this is all i wanted to write to you about rules . 
i miss you very much . 
i miss you very much . 
i'm looking forward to see you next summer after my exams . 
i'm looking forward to seeing you next summer after my exams . 
write me what do you think about it . 
write to me what you think about it . 
kisses to your family , 
kisses to your family , 
dear jane clark
dear jane clark
with attendance to the annual international arts festival which you took place on 21 and 22th november 2000 , i spend tremendous two days enjoying some features . then , i discovered some points and i am writing to express my suggestion and recommendations . 
with regard to the annual international arts festival which took place on 21 and 22nd november 2000 , i spent a tremendous two days enjoying some features . then , i discovered some points and i am writing to give my suggestions and recommendations . 
firstly , the title 'international arts festival' is very suitable for the festival , because there were some variety of features in it . next , one reasonably-priced weekend ticket for all events is also fantastic idea , because everyone could enjoy everything by the ticket . 
firstly , the title 'international arts festival' is very suitable for the festival , because there was some variety of features there . next , one reasonably-priced weekend ticket for all events is also a fantastic idea , because everyone could enjoy everything with that ticket . 
however , according to my notes , there are some doubt in the festival . while you stated that there were stars and artists from around the world , they were from only six countries in fact . the number of plays and films were also very few . in addition to that some concert halls were too small to enjoy the concerts . 
however , according to my notes , there are some doubts about the festival . while you stated that there were stars and artists from around the world , they were in fact only from six countries . the number of plays and films was also very small . in addition to that some concert halls were too small for the audience to enjoy the concerts . 
on balance , i feel that this annual festival can be even better next year . therefore , i strongly recommend that you should collect artists and stars more than six countries and rebuild larger concert halls . i also suggest that more plays and films should be taken place . i would be grateful to support you providing that you would like to make the festival more successful . 
on balance , i feel that this annual festival can be even better next year . therefore , i strongly recommend that you should collect artists and stars from more than six countries and build larger concert halls . i also suggest that more plays and films should take place . i would be happy to support you providing that you want to make the festival more successful . 
yours sincerelly 
yours sincerely 
dear albert
dear albert
thanks for your letter , it was great to hear from you . i know you're fine , but i've been very busy studying because i have to take exam next month . so this is quick note to tell you what you want to know , as you asked about school rules and house ones . 
thanks for your letter . it was great to hear from you . i know you're well , but i've been very busy studying because i have to take an exam next month . so this is a quick note to tell you what you want to know , as you asked about school rules and house ones . 
at school , the most horrible one is school uniform . i really hate it , because we're not allowed to wear casual and fashonable clothes , colourful shoes and colourful socks . we can't also turn our hair colour an have to keep hair length above eye blows . next , we're not allowed to get driver licences which are for a motorbike and car as long as we've students . we're also not allowed to get part-time jobs . if possible , i want to change all of them . 
at school , the most horrible one is about the school uniform . i really hate it , because we're not allowed to wear casual and fashionable clothes , colourful shoes or colourful socks . also we can't change our hair colour and have to keep our hair length above our eye brows eyebrows . next , we're not allowed to get driver's licences which are for a motorbike and car as long as we're students . we're also not allowed to get part-time jobs . if possible , i want to change all of them . 
however , at home i'm quite free . just i can't go out after 9 o'clock in the night and i'm not allowed to play computer games over two hours . these are not so strict that i can stand them . i don't think i want to change them . 
however , at home i'm quite free . i just can't go out after 9 o'clock at night and i'm not allowed to play computer games for over two hours . these rules are not so strict that i can't stand them . i don't think i want to change them . 
anyway , that's all about my information which you want . 
anyway , that's all about me the information the information about me which you want . 
write soon , i look forward to hearing from you . 
write soon . i look forward to hearing from you . 
love
love
dear miss , 
dear miss , 
i am writing to suggest some idea for the international art festival next year . i have just been there and noticed some points which could make the festival better . 
i am writing to suggest some ideas for the international arts festival next year . i have just been there and thought of some improvements which could make the festival better . 
first of all , the festival was a great idea . there were a number of stars and artists from around the world , but from only six countries . secondly , they held some concerts , but some concert halls were so small that there was not enough space for the people . thirdly , it was nice to see several plays and films . we would be pleased if you could have more . fourthly , everyone seems to have enjoyed seeing dance shows and the art exhibitions and listening to the talks . lastly , the weekend ticket was excellent because it was quite reasonable . however , a ticket for each event is expensive . i suggest you have a oneday ticket or a reasonable ticket for every event . 
first of all , the festival was a great idea . there were a number of stars and artists from around the world , but only from six countries . secondly , they held some concerts , but some of the concert halls were so small that there was not enough space for all the people . thirdly , it was nice to see several plays and films . we would be pleased if you could have more . fourthly , everyone seems to have enjoyed seeing the dance shows and the art exhibitions and listening to the talks . lastly , the weekend ticket was excellent because it was quite reasonable . however , a ticket for each event is expensive . i suggest you have a one-day ticket or a reasonably priced ticket for every event . 
that is everything i have noticed about the festival . i would be grateful if you could think about it . 
that is everything i have thought of concerning the festival . i would be grateful if you could think about it . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
dear sharyl , 
dear sharyl , 
thank you for your letter . i really enjoyed reading it . i'm very happy to know you're pretty well . 
thank you for your letter . i really enjoyed reading it . i'm very happy to know you're pretty well . 
speaking of rules , most of them are annoying ! there're plenty of rules in my high school . for example , girls must keep the length of the skirt by 5 cm under their knees . that's so stupid ! it doesn't bother studying , does it ? and also we're not allowed to bring any sweets . i know some rules are necessary to control the students . the school uniform is a good example . and the advantage of this is i don't need to think about what to put on every morning ! 
speaking of rules , most of them are annoying ! there're plenty of rules in my high school . for example , girls must keep the length of their skirts 5 cm below their knees . that's so stupid ! it doesn't interfere with studying , does it ? and also we're not allowed to bring any sweets . i know some rules are necessary to control the students . the school uniform is a good example . and the advantage of this is i don't need to think about what to put on every morning ! 
in my house , i'm allowed to do anything unless it bothers somebody . but there's one thing i can't stand up . i'm not allowed to go out late at night . i want to go dancing sometimes . you're allowed to do that , aren't you ? that's wonderful ! i'm really jealous of you ! 
in my house , i'm allowed to do anything unless it bothers somebody . but there's one thing i can't stand . i'm not allowed to go out late at night . i want to go dancing sometimes . you're allowed to do that , aren't you ? that's wonderful ! i'm really jealous of you ! 
take care . i'll write to you soon ! 
take care . i'll write to you soon ! 
love , 
love , 
dear ms clark , 
dear ms clark , 
i spent two days at the last annual international arts festival and i would like to congratulate on the organization . i am also writting to make a suggestion and to give my opinion for next's year festival . 
i spent two days at the last annual international arts festival and i would like to congratulate you on the organization . i am also writing to make a suggestion and to give you my opinion about next year's festival . 
an internation arts festival is a great idea , but at the last die there were starts and artists from only six countries , and it could be more interesting to have the possibility to meet artists and stars from more than six cultures . 
an international arts festival is a great idea , but at the last die there were stars and artists from only six countries , and it could be more interesting to have the opportunity to meet artists and stars from more than six cultures . 
in my opinion some concert halls were too small . i could not listen to one of my favorite classic concert , " la moldava " by smetana . most of the plays and films were brilliant but i think that if there is money enough , it will be better to have the possibility to watch more movies . 
in my opinion some concert halls were too small . i could not listen to one of my favourite classical concerts , " la moldava " by smetana . most of the plays and films were brilliant but i think that if there is enough money , it would be better to have the opportunity to watch more movies . 
i am glad to tell you that one reasonably-priced weekend ticket for all events is an excellent idea because also people who do not have a lot of money can enjoy the festival . 
i am glad to tell you that one reasonably priced weekend ticket for all events is an excellent idea because people who do not have a lot of money can enjoy the festival . 
i would like to give a suggestion . i think that meeting writers , dancers , musicians and artists could be very interesting for anybody . 
i would like to make a suggestion . i think that meeting writers , dancers , musicians and artists should be very interesting for anybody . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
dear george , 
dear george , 
thank you very much for your recent letter . i'm very happy that you are well . when i read your letter i was surprised because i didn't know that you have so many rules both at school and at home . 
thank you very much for your recent letter . i'm very happy that you are well . when i read your letter i was surprised because i didn't know that you had so many rules both at school and at home . 
in italy there aren't a lot of rules at school and they aren't very stricht . nobody has to be late in the morning because it is important to respect class mades and teachers' effort of getting up early . nobody is allowed to speak to a friend during the lesson . i can't have my mobile on and drinking and eating in the classroom is a bad beheviour . there isn't a kind of punishment for people who do these things . 
in italy there aren't a lot of rules at school and they aren't very strict . nobody should be late in the morning because it is important to respect your class mates classmates classmates' and teachers' effort to get up early . nobody is allowed to speak to a friend during the lesson . i can't have my mobile on and drinking and eating in the classroom is bad behaviour manners . there isn't any kind of punishment for people who do these things . 
my parents are very good . the most important thing for my parents is that i don't tell them lays . it's important for them that i tell them where i'm going if i go out and what time i think of coming back home . i can do what i like doing but i have to study . this is the only condition to do what i prefer . 
my parents are very good . the most important thing for my parents is that i don't tell them lies . it's important for them that i tell them where i'm going if i go out and what time i think i'll be coming back home . i can do what i like doing but i have to study . this is the only condition regarding doing what i want . 
there isn't anything that i'd like to change . 
there isn't anything that i'd like to change . 
write soon
write soon
love
love
dear ms clark , 
dear ms clark , 
i saw the advertisement for the international arts festival wich is a great idea . 
i saw the advertisement for the international arts festival which is a great idea . 
i'm writing to you because i want to give you my opinion and some suggestions for next year's festival . as i saw on the advertisement , there were stars and artists from around the world but this year there were only six countries . it would be better if there were more than six countries . 
i'm writing to you because i want to give you my opinion and some suggestions for next year's festival . i saw in the advertisement there would be stars and artists from around the world but this year there were only six countries represented . it would be better if there were more than six countries . 
i noticed that some concert halls were too small . i wonder if you could offer outside concerts . 
i noticed that some concert halls were too small . i wonder if you could organise outdoor concerts . 
furthermore , i think there were too few plays and films . don't you think you could create dramatic courses ? visitors could learn plays with professionals . 
furthermore , i think there were too few plays and films . don't you think you could provide drama courses ? visitors could learn plays with professionals . 
finally , the idea of a reasonably-priced weekend ticket for all events is excellent because we pay only once and we can see all the events . 
finally , the idea of a reasonably-priced weekend ticket for all events is excellent because we pay only once and we can see all the events . 
i'm looking forward to hearing from you . 
i'm looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerly , 
yours sincerely , 
dear george , 
dear george , 
thank you for your letter which i've just received . 
thank you for your letter which i've just received . 
you ask me to tell you about school rules and what we are allowed to do at home in france . i don't think the rules are so different between england and france but i'm going to try to give you examples . 
you ask me to tell you about school rules and what we are allowed to do at home in france . i don't think the rules are so different between england and france but i'm going to try to give you examples . 
firstly , at school , we missed a course , we must bring a medical attestation . 
firstly , at school , if we missed a class , we must bring a doctor's note . 
furthermore , when we failed an exam in june , we can have it in september . and if we are interested , we can spend six months abroad but we must pass the fce . 
furthermore , when we fail an exam in june , we can take it in september . and if we are interested , we can spend six months abroad but we must pass the fce . 
at home , we must wash our hands before the lunch . and we mustn't speak during the lunch . i think it's not a good thing because we can't discuss with our family . there are so many rules but it would be too long if i had to explain all of them . 
at home , we must wash our hands before lunch . and we mustn't speak during lunch . i think it's not a good thing because we can't discuss with our family . there are so many rules but it would take too long if i had to explain all of them . 
l 'm looking forward to hearing from you . 
i 'm looking forward to hearing from you . 
best regards , 
best regards , 
16 . 12 . 2000
16 . 12 . 2000
dear jane clark , 
dear jane clark , 
i went to the " international arts festival " on 21-22 november . the festival was generally good but i have some suggestions for the next year's festival . 
i went to the " international arts festival " on 21-22 november . the festival was generally good but i have some suggestions for next year's festival . 
firstly i want to congratualate you for the festival . it was a great idea . however there were things that i didn't like . you said that stars and artists would come from around the world but there was only starts from six major countries . i suggest you to increase this number for the next year . by this way we can meet other stars and artists , see different cultures . another thing that i will point on is , the concert halls are too small . some people couldn't enter the hall and they missed the concerts . there were some plays and films . they were excellent so can you show more plays next year ? last thing that i will say is " one reasonably-priced weekend ticket " . it was very good idea . i hope you will make the same thing next year . 
firstly i want to congratulate you on the festival . it was a great idea . however there were things that i didn't like . you said that stars and artists would come from around the world but there were only stars from six major countries . i suggest you increase this number for next year . in this way we can meet other stars and artists , see different cultures . another thing that i want to point out is , the concert halls are too small . some people couldn't get into the hall and they missed the concerts . there were some plays and films . they were excellent so can you show more plays next year ? the last thing that i will say is " one reasonably-priced weekend ticket " was a very good idea . i hope you will do the same thing next year . 
these are the my suggestions . i hope you will listen my suggestions . this will make the festival better . i hope we will meet next year in the festival . 
these are my suggestions . i hope you will listen to my suggestions . this will make the festival better . i hope we will meet next year at the festival . 
sincerely 
yours sincerely 
16 . 12 . 2000
16 . 12 . 2000
dear emily , 
dear emily , 
i'm glad to see your letter . i'm fine thanks and my parents are also good . how are you and your parent ? i' hope they are both well . 
i was glad to see your letter . i'm fine thanks and my parents are also well . how are you and your parents ? i hope they are both well . 
i have a suprise for you . i will go to this summer . may be we can meet there . . . you asked some questions about rules in school and homes let me answer this question . in schools we aren't allowed to speak in classes . also we must go to school by our uniforms . however we are allowed to eat , drink during the breaks . all the time we must be kind to our friends and teachers . we mustn't forget the books for the classes . these are the rules in school . in our home there are some rules too ! i must be in home untill 11pm . i am not allowed to listen high volume music at home . i must be kind to my brother and my parents . when the guests come to our home , i must be clear . other things are allowed to me . i want to change school uniform rule so everybody can wear what they want . other rules are o . k . i want to hear some rules from you . next time write the letter quick ! i don't want to wait another 2 months . 
i have a surprise for you . i will come am coming to england this summer . maybe we can meet there . . . you asked some questions about the rules in school and homes . let me answer these questions . in schools we aren't allowed to speak in class . also we must go to school in our uniforms . however we are allowed to eat and drink during the breaks . we must be kind to our friends and teachers all the time . we mustn't forget the books for the classes . these are the rules in school . in our home there are some rules too ! i must be at home until by 11pm . i am not allowed to listen to loud music at home . i must be kind to my brother and my parents . when guests come to our home , i must be clean . other things are allowed to me . i want to change the school uniform rule so everybody can wear what they want . the other rules are o . k . i want to hear some rules from you . next time write the letter quickly ! i don't want to wait another 2 months . 
i'm waiting for your next letter . take care and be careful not to break any rules . 
i'm waiting for your next letter . take care and be careful not to break any rules . 
your friend
your friend
dear miss clark , 
dear miss clark , 
i have recently taken part in your international arts festival . i enjoyied it and here are some feelings and advice for next year . 
i have recently taken part in your international arts festival . i enjoyed it and here are some feelings and advice for next year . 
first of all , it was a great idea to put together different countries to organise this festival . however , there were only artists from six countries , not as written in your add . 
first of all , it was a great idea to put together different countries to organise this festival . however , there were only artists from six countries , not as written in your ad advertisement . 
then i had pleasure listening to your variety of concerts . each one was fantastic and fill in with euration , but i'd appreciate more place , because unfortunately some concert halls were too small ! 
i had the pleasure of listening to your variety of concerts . each one was fantastic and fill in with euration , but i'd appreciate more space , because unfortunately some concert halls were too small ! 
you certainly saw that plays and films had a lot of success . so , i wanted to know if there will be more films next year . it could be an advantage ! 
you certainly saw that the plays and films had a lot of success . so , i wanted to know if there will be more films next year . it could be an advantage ! 
an other excellent thing was your choice for the entry . that was a great idea to have just one ticket for all events . that was simpler than an other way of selling tickets ( practical and attractive ) . 
another excellent thing was your choice for the entry . that was a great idea to have just one ticket for all events . that was simpler than the other way of selling tickets ( practical and attractive ) . 
finally , i want you to make a suggestion for next year . it would be better if people have had the possibility to let their cars very near to the festival during the week-end ! 
finally , i want to make a suggestion for next year . it would be better if people had the chance to park their cars very near to the festival during the weekend ! 
i am sure you'll pay attention to my suggestions and advice and i am looking forward to seeing you next year . 
i am sure you'll pay attention to my suggestions and advice and i am looking forward to seeing you next year . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
mark and his family decided to go for a walk in the alps . so , her father prepared the car and her mother took some food for the journey . 
mark and his family decided to go for a walk in the alps . so , his father prepared the car and his mother took some food for the journey . 
that was a sunday and , as always , mark was very excited . he was very keen on going in the mountains . 
it was a sunday and , as always , mark was very excited . he was very keen on going to the mountains . 
suddenly , the father stopped and said: " here we are ! " they were near a little house , built in wood and began walking . the sun was shining and mark was really happy to be outside with his family . 
suddenly , the father stopped and said: " here we are ! " they were near a little house built of wood and began walking . the sun was shining and mark was really happy to be outside with his family . 
they ate with the owner of the little house , whose name was john . it was very quiet because they were in nature ; they could just hear cows and john's two dogs . 
they ate with the owner of the little house , whose name was john . it was very quiet because they were in the countryside ; they could just hear the cows and john's two dogs . 
mark was very interested in building small things with john . he was able to make different objects in wood . 
mark was very interested in building small things with john . he was able to make different objects out of wood . 
after that , marks father who had fluent traditional swiss language spent time with an old woman he had just met near the house . 
after that , mark's father , who spoke fluent traditional swiss language , spent time with an old woman he had just met near the house . 
after eating old cheese and swiss chocolate , that was high time mark's family went back home . 
after eating old cheese and swiss chocolate , it was high time mark's family went back home . 
mark was such happy but very exhausted to recognize this story nevertheless this story happened a long time ago . 
mark was so happy but very exhausted to recognize this story . nevertheless this story happened a long time ago . 
10 june 2000
10 june 2000
dear manager , 
dear manager , 
i would like to complain about your theatre and the musical show that i saw last week . 
i would like to complain about your theatre and the musical show that i saw last week . 
i went to london for a holiday last week and read the advertisement about 'over the rainbow' in the hotel which i stayed . 
i went to london for a holiday last week and read the advertisement about 'over the rainbow' in the hotel which i stayed in . 
i saw danny brook and tina truelove were written on the advertisement paper and was very excited . however , danny brook did not appear on the stage until the end of musical showing time . i was really disappointed about it . secondly , starting time was 19:30 but it started 20:15 so i was waited for 45 minutes . it was so long time to wait in the theatre . 
i saw danny brook and tina truelove were written on the advertisement paper and was very excited . however , danny brook did not appear on the stage until the end of musical showing time . i was really disappointed about it . secondly , the starting time was 19:30 but it started 20:15 so i was waiting for 45 minutes . it was such a long time to wait in the theatre . 
thirdly , it mentioned about discounts . despite of the fact that i am a student , i could not get any discounts . i also visited your restaurant after the show but already closed because the show finished late . 
thirdly , it mentioned about discounts . despite the fact that i am a student , i could not get any discounts . i also visited your restaurant after the show but it was already closed because the show finished late . 
because of the reason above , i , indeed , spent awful last night in london . 
for the reasons above , i , indeed , spent an awful last night in london . 
i would like you to refund , otherwise , i will take an action . 
i would like you to refund , otherwise , i will take action . 
i look forward to receiving reply to my enquiry . 
i look forward to receiving a reply to my enquiry . 
sincerely
sincerely
fashion of the future
fashion of the future
people will wear this kind of clothes 100 years later from now . 
people will wear this kind of clothes 100 years from now . 
if weather is hot then we don't have to wear under wear because very thin and light clothes will support our bodies . there will be two functions for summer clothes that we don't need to wear clothes like layer and layer . for example , t-shirts for women are included bra: easy to take it out when you wash it , is very simple and comfortable . what about short pants ? you don't have to wear knickers . we can just put some thin pads in there . we can't feel it and easy to remove and just can wash it . simplest is the best in summer ! 
if the weather is hot then we don't have to wear underwear because very thin and light clothes will support our bodies . there will be two functions for summer clothes that we don't need to wear clothes like layer and layer . for example , t-shirts for women will include a bra: easy to take it out when you wash it , and it is very simple and comfortable . what about short pants ? you don't have to wear knickers . we can just put some thin pads in there . we can't feel it and easy to remove and just wash it . simplest is the best in summer ! 
when it's very cold winter , we just wear light clothes what we want , in our style . because special warm and healthy material will be developed and use them inside thin clothes so we don't need to put heavy clothes on our bodies . we can show our body line in winter as well . 
when it's very cold in winter , we just wear light clothes what we want , in our style . because special warm and healthy material will be developed and used inside thin clothes so we don't need to put heavy clothes on our bodies . we can show our figure in winter as well . 
most important thing is that we don't have to kill the animals only for people's cruel aims . 
most important thing is that we don't have to kill animals just for people's cruel aims . 
functions' clothes are the way to love animals ! 
functions' clothes are the way to love animals ! 
dear sir/madam , 
dear sir/madam , 
i was to circle theatre to watch 'over the rainbow' musical show , recently . i was trully dissapointed by it . my expectations were high after i've read your leaflet in which it was advertised as 'london's newest and best musical show' . now , i can assure you it wasn't . firstly , it was danny brook who was supposed to star . the substitute was far worse . secondly , i had to wait fourty-five minutes before the show finally began . another unkept promise are the discounts . there weren't any ! lastly , when i got hungry after the delay it appeared that the theatre restaurant is closed . you can believe me it wasn't 'my perfect evening out' and i have no other choice than asking to give my money back . i paid for something i didn't get so it is obvious that i want my money back . i got the 15 ticket . i'd like you to send the money to this adress ; ul taklowa 10
i went to the circle theatre to watch the 'over the rainbow' musical show , recently . i was truly disappointed by it . my expectations were high after i'd read your leaflet in which it was advertised as 'london's newest and best musical show' . now , i can assure you it wasn't . firstly , it was danny brook who was supposed to star . the substitute was far worse . secondly , i had to wait forty-five minutes before the show finally began . another unkept promise is was the discounts . there weren't any ! lastly , when i got hungry after the delay it appeared that the theatre restaurant was closed . you can believe me it wasn't 'my perfect evening out' and i have no other choice than to ask you to give me my money back . i paid for something i didn't get so it is obvious that i want my money back . i got the 15 ticket . i'd like you to send the money to this address : ul taklowa 10
skoclow 43-430
skoclow 43-430
poland
poland
yours sincerely , 
yours faithfully , 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . after two days the whole school knew . when paul entered the school gate , other children began to tease him and laugh . paul couldn't stand it . he ran out quickly , leaving everyone behind . he felt very ashamed and didn't know what to do . normally , he would go and talk to pat but pat betrayed him . they were no longer friends . 'how could he , ' paul thought 'now the whole school knows jean attracts me' . as he was sitting there , he heard someone walking towards him . he turned around and saw . . . jean . 'what are you dong here , why aren't you at school ? ' she asked . paul was like paralyzed . he couldn't reply . 'i had heard what you've said about me' , she said , i think it's sweet' . paul couldn't believe his ears . while he was thinking how to reply , jean took his hand and led him to the school . when they entered everyone became silent . all the children were staring at them and paul thought that pat isn't that bad at all . 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . after two days , the whole school knew . when paul entered the school gate , other children began to tease him and laugh . paul couldn't stand it . he ran out quickly , leaving everyone behind . he felt very ashamed and didn't know what to do . normally , he would go and talk to pat but pat betrayed him . they were no longer friends . 'how could he , ' paul thought 'now the whole school knows jean attracts me' . as he was sitting there , he heard someone walking towards him . he turned around and saw . . . jean . 'what are you doing here ? why aren't you at school ? ' she asked . paul was paralyzed . he couldn't reply . 'i heard what you've said about me' , she said , i think it's sweet' . paul couldn't believe his ears . while he was thinking how to reply , jean took his hand and led him to the school . when they entered everyone became silent . all the children were staring at them and paul thought that pat wasn't that bad at all . 
17th june 2000
17th june 2000
dear sir , 
dear sir , 
i would like to complain about a musical show . i was very disappointing a week holiday for me because i had got a lot of problem with the show . 
i would like to complain about a musical show . i was very disappointed during a week's holiday because i had a lot of problems with the show . 
i had seen the advertisement that the actors were danny brook and tina truelove , but it was not danny brook . i was really disappointing because he is my famous actor . 
i had seen from the advertisement that the actors were danny brook and tina truelove , but it was not danny brook . i was really disappointed because he is my favourite actor . 
the musical should started at 19 . 30 , but it started at 20 . 15 . when i went to asked for the discount of ticket in the cashier desk they told me no discount available for this . i had seen the advertisement say that discount available . 
the musical should have started at 19 . 30 , but it started at 20 . 15 . when i went to ask for the discount on the ticket at the cashier desk they told me no discount was available . i had seen the advertisement saying that a discount was available . 
after the show i decide to had dinner in your theatre restaurant , but i couldn't because it closed . it closed at 10 pm but the show finished at 10 . 30 pm . 
after the show i decided to have dinner in your theatre restaurant , but i couldn't because it was closed . it closed at 10 pm but the show finished at 10 . 30 pm . 
this was not perfect evening for me , so if you don't give my money back , i will tell to the newspaper about it . 
this was not a perfect evening for me , so if you don't give me my money back , i will tell the newspaper about it . 
i am looking forward to hear a good new . 
i am looking forward to hearing some good news . 
yours sincerely , 
yours faithfully , 
boo sersuwan . 
boo sersuwan . 
i think in the next 100 years people will wear the space clothes with small engine in the back . because of the atmosphere . the atmosphere in the earth now starting badly every years . 
i think in the next 100 years people will wear space clothes with a small engine in the back , because of the atmosphere . the atmosphere of the earth is now deteriorating badly every year . 
the carbon dioxide are growing very fast and people cut more trees , therefore not enough trees to such carbon dioxide and produce oxygen . 
the level of carbon dioxide is growing very fast and people cut down more trees , therefore there are not enough trees to absorb the carbon dioxide and produce oxygen . 
the designer will have a lot of idea for how to make very nice and useful clothes . i think if we wear this clothes we will travel to every where easier than we use cars , ships , planes and space ships . this mean the engineering will find the way to useless petrol for it , so it must useful in the future . 
the designers will have a lot of ideas about how to make very nice and useful clothes . i think if we wear these clothes we will travel everywhere easier than we use cars , ships , planes and spaceships . this means the engineering will find the way to useless petrol for it , so it must useful in the future . 
i think somebody will make a very big area to grow plant because they can sell the oxygen . this is a new business . 
i think somebody will make a very big area to grow plants so they can sell the oxygen . this will be a new business . 
i think i can win this price , because this clothe will produce in the future soon . 
i think i can win this prize , because these clothes will be produced in soon in the future . 
17/06/00
17/06/00
mr. manager
mr. manager
my name james camirez and i'am writing this letter to you because i have some compleints for the disappointing evening i had last night . 
my name is james camirez and i am writing this letter to you because i have some complaints regarding the disappointing evening i had last night . 
first of all on the advertisement for the show it says that the actor was going to be danny brook and instead of him was a totally unknown clown that had no idea of how to act , it was horribly disappointing ! 
first of all , in the advertisement for the show it said that the actor was going to be danny brook and instead of him there was a totally unknown clown that had no idea of how to act . it was horribly disappointing ! 
second i got to the theatre at 19 . 20 because in the advertisement it clearly appears that the show starts at 19 . 30 , and i got heavily mad when i look my watch and notice that i had been waiting for 40 ( forty ) minutes and the show didn't start yet . . . i mean i was amaizing ! 
second i got to the theatre at 19 . 20 because in the advertisement it clearly states that the show starts at 19 . 30 , and i got really mad when i looked at my watch and noticed that i had been waiting for 40 ( forty ) minutes and the show hadn't started yet . . . i mean it was amazing ! 
then i read on the advertisement , discounts available , and i didn't got any discounts when i asked for them . 
then i read in the advertisement , " discounts available " , and i didn't get any discounts when i asked for them . 
after the show i got out the show room deeply disappointed and went to the restaurant to drink something to relax , and do you know what ? . . it was closed ! i couldn't belive it how this class of theatre can be so . . oh i'm geting mad again so i'am going to tell you the last thing , it was the horrible night i had ever got so i demend for my money back ! 
after the show i got out of the show room deeply disappointed and went to the restaurant to drink something to relax , and do you know what ? . . it was closed ! i couldn't believe it . how can this class of theatre be so . . oh i'm geting mad again so i am going to tell you one last thing , it was the most horrible night i had ever had so i demand my money back ! 
i think that modern technology has affected all the human beings . modern technology has affect me in several ways , i mean the more the technology modernizes ; more confortness comfortable we get . now with modern machines i can make a better use of my time , if i'am late to go to training and i hadn't it yet i just take my food and put it in the microwaveoven . another example is the computers , i think they are one of the most advanced machine in the world , you can live your entire life in a house without going out , by just using the internet , it has also helped me in my school homework , i mean it's incredible the time you waist by making thing without a computer . but i think also that with modern technology we get more comfortable so that makes me a pacive person and not so active , this can be bad to because if i get used to be confortable when i need to do hard works i won't be able to do them . 
i think that modern technology has affected all human beings . modern technology has affected me in several ways . i mean the more the technology advances ; the more comfort comfortable we get . now with modern machines i can make better use of my time . if i am late to go to training and i haven't eaten yet i just take my food and put it in the microwave oven . another example is computers . i think they are some of the most advanced machines in the world . you can live your entire life in a house without going out , just by using the internet . it has also helped me with my homework . i mean it's incredible the time you waste by doing something without a computer . but i think also that with modern technology we get more comfortable so that makes me a passive person and not so active . this can be bad too because if i get used to being comfortable , when i need to do hard work i won't be able to . 
dear manager , 
dear manager , 
i'm a person , went to see the musical show , i would like to know something about " over the rainbow " programme ? 
i'm a person who went to see the musical show . i would like to know something about the " over the rainbow " programme . 
you have informed the actor , times , discount and the restaurant to people , but actually what did you do ? 
you have informed the actor , times , discount and the restaurant to people , but actually what did you do ? 
the first , you have changed the actor . 
first , you have changed the actor . 
the second , the time is late from 19 . 30 , it started 20 . 15 . 
second , the time is late from 19 . 30 , it started 20 . 15 . 
the third , the tickets have not the discount . 
third , the tickets have not the discount . 
the last , after show , i couldn't go to the restaurant , because it was closed . 
last , after the show , i couldn't go to the restaurant , because it was closed . 
what's happened ? this is the good theatre do , or not ? this is the famous theatre . you know , what did people feel ? everybody attented go to the show , funny , and happ in the end , and what have we go then ? disapponted ! thank about that . if you can not managed the programe , why did you informe people before programe start ? 
what's happened ? this is the good theatre do , or not ? this is a famous theatre . you know , what did people feel ? everybody attented go to the show , funny , and happy in the end , and what have we go then ? disappointed ! think about that . if you cannot could not manage the programme , why didn't you inform people before the programme started ? 
i tought you inderstood '; please send money back to me , you know why , don't answer me ? 
i thought you understood '; please send money back to me , you know why , don't answer me ? 
thank you , 
thank you , 
now we know , our world have developed to new world , becase we have high technology to do . 
now we know , our world has developed to new world , because we have high technology to do . 
if we came back to the past , we felt everything , it was so difficult to do , we would have plane and done by ourself and last time . 
if we came back to the past , we felt everything , it was so difficult to do , we would have plane and done by ourselves and last time . 
in the present , the teachnology is a past of life . it started from got up in the morning , we have the machine help us to cook , iron , cleanning , washing , and then we went out to work , there are car , sky train to travel for help us convenience and quickly . 
today , technology is a part of life . it started from got up in the morning , we have the machine help us to cook , iron , cleaning , washing , and then we went out to work , there are car , sky train to travel for help us convenience and quickly . 
while we worked at the office , there are the computer and equipment for help to work and easy , after we have finished work , we come back home , there are television for get information , news , data by different way and quickly . 
while we work at the office , there are the computer and equipment to help us to work and easy . after we have finished work , we come back home , and there is the television for get information , news , data by different way and quickly . 
how has modern technology changed your daily life ? 
how has modern technology changed your everyday life ? 
we appreciated the mordern technology changed my daily life for help every easy and quickly , we have time to do many things . 
we appreciated the modern technology changed my daily life for help every easy and quickly , we have time to do many things . 
dear sir or madam
dear sir or madam
i am writing to complain about the musical show " over the rainbow " which was performed in your theatre two weeks ago . 
i am writing to complain about the musical show " over the rainbow " , which was performed in your theatre two weeks ago . 
i went to see it on 5th june 2000 . first of all that evening there was not danny brook but an unknown and not very good actor . secondly the show started 45 minutes late . then at the tickets-office i was said that no discounts were available so i had to pay the full prize despite i am a student . 
i went to see it on 5th june 2000 . first of all , danny brook was not there that evening but an unknown and not very good actor . secondly the show started 45 minutes late . then at the ticket-office ticket office i was told that no discounts were available so i had to pay the full price despite the fact that i am a student . 
finally i would have had dinner at the theatre restaurant if it had not been already closed because the show finished , obviously , late . 
finally i would have had dinner at the theatre restaurant if it had not already been closed because the show finished , obviously , late . 
i am really not satisfied with the show-organization particularly because in the advertisement you wrote something different . for this reason i expect to receive my money back . 
i am really not satisfied with the organisation of the show particularly because in the advertisement you wrote something false . for this reason i expect to receive my money back . 
yours faithfully
yours faithfully
unfortunately , pat wasn't good at keeping secret . 
unfortunately , pat wasn't good at keeping secrets . 
last week we had another demostration of this . 
last week we had another demonstration of this . 
on monday we decided to organize a surprise-party for ted's birthday on tuesday evening . 
on monday we decided to organize a surprise party for ted's birthday on tuesday evening . 
each of us had a different task . anna prepared the cake , peter organized the music , heather and i went to buy the present; pat said: " ok i'll phone to some of ted's friends to invite them " . obviously ted should have known nothing about it and we remembered it to pat twice: " the party is a secret ! ! " and she said: " yes , it must be a surprise ! " 
each of us had a different task . anna made the cake , peter organized the music , heather and i went to buy the present; pat said: " ok , i'll phone some of ted's friends to invite them " . obviously ted should not have known anything about it and we reminded it to pat reminded pat of that twice: " the party is a secret ! ! " and she said: " yes , it must be a surprise ! " 
on tuesday afternoon we met to prepare the last details; pat said: " i've just phoned to tommy , billy and alison and i met ted yesterday evening: they all have said ok for the party . . " 
on tuesday afternoon we met to arrange the last details; pat said: " i've just phoned tommy , billy and alison and i met ted yesterday evening: they all have said ok for the party . . " 
in that moment she understood that something was wrong ! 
at that moment she understood that something was wrong ! 
dear sir/madam , 
dear sir/madam , 
i am writing with reference to the musical show i saw last week in your theatre . i hoped that it would be the most excited evening during my week's holiday in london . unfortunately it wasn't . 
i am writing with reference to the musical show i saw last week in your theatre . i hoped that it would be the most exciting evening during my week's holiday in london . unfortunately it wasn't . 
i wouldn't like to be unkind but i must say that the advertisement for the show included a lot of false information . first of all , when i had bought the ticets it appeared that there is no discount available . secondly , i must complain that the musical show started almost an hour later and in addition to this anyone didn't excuse . moreover i would like to ask why danny brook , which is my favourite actor , didn't play in the show . furthermore i would like to enquire why the theatre restaurant was closed . 
i wouldn't like to be unkind but i must say that the advertisement for the show included a lot of false information . first of all , when i bought the tickets it appeared that there was no discount available . secondly , i must complain that the musical show started almost an hour late and in addition to this anyone didn't apologize no one apologized . moreover , i would like to ask why danny brook , who is my favourite actor , didn't perform in the show . furthermore , i would like to enquire why the theatre restaurant was closed . 
finally , i must say that i had a very disappointing evening and i would like to get my money back . 
finally , i must say that i had a very disappointing evening and i would like to get my money back . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
your faithfully
yours faithfully
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . i wish i had know it two days ago . . . exacly on 15th june we were at the birthday party . dora wanted me to come with pat because she was in love with him . i really like dora and pat and i just wanted to help them to be together , but it wasn't such a good idea . 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . i wish i had known it two days ago . . . exactly on on 15th june we were at the birthday party . dora wanted me to come with pat because she was in love with him . i really like dora and pat and i just wanted to help them to be together , but it wasn't such a good idea . 
i thought that if i said something specific about her he would look at her in a different way . well , i forgot that it's just a boy ! i shouldn't have told him that she was a virgin . it was awful when he started to laugh and everybody was stearing at us . yesterday i discovered that he told everything to marl and tony . i really regret that i was so foolish . 
i thought that if i said something specific about her he would look at her in a different way . well , i forgot that it's just a boy ! i shouldn't have told him that she was a virgin . it was awful when he started to laugh and everybody was staring at us . yesterday , i discovered that he told everything to marl and tony . i really regret that i was so foolish . 
the most horrible is the fact that my friendship with dora seems to be on the rocks and i don't know what i have to do to overcome the difficulties . 
the most horrible thing is the fact that my friendship with dora seems to be on the rocks and i don't know what i have to do to overcome the difficulties . 
mr. manager : 
dear manager 
i am writing this letter to you because when i went to your musical show i had a very bad time . 
i am writing this letter to you because when i went to your musical show i had a very bad time . 
firstly when i went to the show it was writing that the starting time was 19 . 30 but it started at quarter past eight i had waitted for fourthey five minutes . secondly the stars were going to be danny brook and tina truelove but different people came to the show . it was the first time i was going to go to a musical show but i guess it will be the last one too . anyway after the show i felt hungry so i went to the restaurant but it was closed because they were having the inside altered . 
firstly when i went to the show it was written that the start time was 19 . 30 but it started at quarter past eight . i had waited for forty five forty-five minutes . secondly the stars were going to be danny brook and tina truelove but different people came to the show . it was the first time i had been to a musical show but i guess it will be the last one too . anyway after the show i felt hungry so i went to the restaurant but it was closed because they were having the inside altered . 
and as last that was the worse night i had ever had so i asked for my money back but they wouldn't give it so i had an argument with the people who worked their but i couldn't get my money back . 
and lastly that was the worst night i had ever had so i asked for my money back but they wouldn't give me it so i had an argument with the people who worked there but i couldn't get my money back . 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . because last year i started smoking and nobody knew that i was smoking but one day as i was smoking at the back of the school some one came next to me and i noticed that it was pat . she saw me as i was smoking so that wasn't going to be very good . she said that she wouldn't tell it to anyone but i knew she might say it to someone so i always was with her very minute ever second . but one day as i was walking home like every night i saw pat at the front of our house door talking to my dad . i just knew i couldn't have trusted to her but as i went in the house my dad offered pot to stay for meal i was in a schock thinking why isn't anyone getting angry to me after a while we sat for dinner and pat just talk my parents that i was smoking and when my family heard they got ever so angry . i couldn't go out of the house for a month so now i know how pat is and can't keep any secrets . 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . because last year i started smoking and nobody knew that i was smoking but one day as i was smoking at the back of the school someone came up to me and i noticed that it was pat . she saw me as i was smoking so that wasn't going to be very good . she said that she wouldn't tell anyone but i knew she might say it to someone so i was always with her every minute , every second . but one day as i was walking home like every night i saw pat in front of our house door talking to my dad . i just knew i shouldn't have trusted her but as i went in the house my dad asked pat to stay for a meal . i was in shock , thinking why isn't anyone getting angry with me ? after a while we sat down for dinner and pat just talked told my parents that i was smoking and when my family heard they got ever so angry . i couldn't go out of the house for a month so now i know how pat is and that she can't keep any secrets . 
dear mister
dear mister
i'm writing to you to complain about the musical show you present at the moment: " over the rainbow " . 
i'm writing to you to complain about the musical show you put on are putting on at the moment: " over the rainbow " . 
as my husband is a native and we live in switzerland , we apreciate to pass a week in london every year . we are keen on theatre and musical show . your theatre is known to present excellent spectacles . we were never disappointed so far and especially enjoyed " the drama " you presented last year . 
as my husband is a native and we live in switzerland , we appreciate to spend spending a week in london every year . we are keen on theatre and musical shows . your theatre is known to put on excellent shows . we were never disappointed before and especially enjoyed " the drama " you presented last year . 
anyway we had a very disappointing evening . at first , we couldn't get any discount , although you mention it on your advertisment . and the only tickets left were at 20 . then the spectacle began 45 minutes later than mentioned . last but not least , danny brook was replaced by a different actor , whose name i probably forgot because of his poor performance . afterwards we are used to eat at your restaurant which is not only well known for it's good price value but also for it's original decoration . 
anyway we had a very disappointing evening . first , we couldn't get a discount , although you mention it in your advertisement . and the only tickets left were 20 . then the show began 45 minutes later than stated . last but not least , danny brook was replaced by a different actor , whose name i probably forgot because of his poor performance . we are used to eating at your restaurant which is not only well known for it's good value but also for it's original decor . 
therefore i ask you to give use 20 back , because the two tickets were not more worth . i'm looking forward to hearing soon from you . 
therefore i ask you to give us 20 back , because the two tickets were not worth more . i'm looking forward to hearing from you soon . 
yours faithfully
yours faithfully
unfortunately , pat wasn't really good at keeping secrets . the following story will prove it . i left the office at six o'clock . i was free as the air . my husband was following a course all the week in berne . the kids were by their grandmother , who take care of them . 
unfortunately , pat wasn't really good at keeping secrets . the following story will prove it . i left the office at six o'clock . i was free as the air . my husband was doing a course all week in berne . the kids were with their grandmother , who takes care of them . 
i drove to ouchy where i took a drink . it was so hot , i decided to go for a swim in tutry , although i hadn't any swimming-clothes . i knew a good place . i parked the car and went ten minuts . as i had planed , the place was deserted . i took my clothes of and swam twenty minutes in the lake . coming back , i noticed that my clothes were missing . i walked back , hoping i wouldn't come accross anyone and be able to drive back home . the car was missing too . 
i drove to ouchy where i had a drink . it was so hot , i decided to go for a swim in tutry , although i hadn't a swimming costume . i knew a good place . i parked the car and waited ten minutes . as i had planned , the place was deserted . i took my clothes off and swam for twenty minutes in the lake . coming back , i noticed that my clothes were missing . i walked back , hoping i wouldn't come across anyone and be able to drive back home . the car was missing too . 
unfortunately a police car drove by and the policeman saw me standing there nude . they drove me to their office after having given me use of their shirt . there i called pat who picked me up . i felt so miserable that pat laughed seeing me . of course she told everything to my husband . if only pat could keep secrets ! 
unfortunately a police car drove by and the policeman saw me standing there nude . they drove me to their office after having given me a shirt . there i called pat who picked me up . i felt so miserable that pat laughed to see me . of course she told everything to my husband . if only pat could keep secrets ! 
dear sir , 
dear sir , 
i went to your show called " over the rainbow " and i was really disappointing in many points . 
i went to your show called " over the rainbow " and i was really disappointed by many things . 
firstly , you spoke about two actors danny brook and tina truelove , instead of them we had two others and they were really bad . so i was really surprised . in addition to this you started the show 45 minutes late . it was boring for everybody . how could we appreciate the show properly . 
firstly , you spoke about two actors , danny brook and tina truelove , but instead of them we had two others and they were really bad . so i was really surprised . in addition to this you started the show 45 minutes late . it was boring for everybody . how could we appreciate the show properly . 
moreover , in your advert you spoke about discounts available but it was not the case . no discounts were available . then you offered people to visit your theatre restaurant after the show but it was closed because there is no staff to welcome the people . you offered something impossible to do . i did not have a good time for all of this reasons and i would like you to give my money back . 
moreover , in your advert you wrote that there were discounts available but it was not the case . no discounts were available . then you invited people to visit your theatre restaurant after the show but it was closed because there were no staff to welcome people . you offered something you could not possibly provide . i did not have a good time for all of these reasons and i would like you to give me my money back . 
i hope your understand my request and you are going to reply as soon as possible . thank you . 
i hope you understand my request and you are going to reply as soon as possible . thank you . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
o . labro
o . labro
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . the nightmare started at this time . i though she was a really good friend but i made a mistake . she couldn't keep my secret and everybody knew which boy i was in love with . she didn't tell me yet but when i came in class everybody was looking at me and this boy as well . i looked at her and she became pale and suddently left the class . i followed her and caught her to push her on the ground . i was ready to fight but somebody stopped me . i couldn't go back to the class so i went home . my mum was at home and i told her all the story . she said that i had to be strong and didn't care about them . so i went to the class and everybody was laughing at me and the boy told them to stopped because he loved me and wanted to be with me . at this time all the girls became jealous and stopped to laugh . 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . the nightmare started at this time . i thought she was a really good friend but i made a mistake . she couldn't keep my secret and everybody knew which boy i was in love with . she didn't tell me but when i came to the class everybody was looking at me and this boy as well . i looked at her and she became pale and suddenly left the class . i followed her and caught her to push her to the ground . i was ready to fight but somebody stopped me . i couldn't go back to the class so i went home . my mum was at home and i told her whole the the whole story . she said that i had to be strong and not care about them . so i went to the class and everybody was laughing at me and the boy told them to stop because he loved me and wanted to be with me . then all the girls became jealous and stopped laughing . 
dear sir or madam , 
dear sir or madam , 
i am writing to complain about the circle theatre which is very different from what it have shown . i will let you know about what i have in mind . 
i am writing to complain about the circle theatre which is very different from what it have shown . i will let you know about what i have in mind . 
i went to your theatre last saturday , about 7 . p . m . i asked for discounts . but a clerk said that time for discounts had been finished . i did not care about money and i rushed into and then took a seat with some food . i was waiting for the show that was supposed to start at 7 . 30 p . m . but it started at 8 . 15 . i felt nervous . when i saw an actor , he was a different actor . i was very upset and disappointed . 
i went to your theatre last saturday , at about 7 . p . m . i asked for discounts . but a clerk said that the time for discounts had ended . i did not care about the money and i rushed into the theatre and then took a seat with some food . i was waiting for the show that was supposed to start at 7 . 30 p . m . but it started at 8 . 15 . i felt nervous . when i saw an actor , he was a different actor . i was very upset and disappointed . 
after the show ended , i was on the way to the theatre restaurant . what was more , it closed because of refurishing . 
after the show ended , i was on the way to the theatre restaurant . what was more , it was closed because of refurbishing . 
if you were me , how would you feel ? so , i could not help to writing to you and would like to take money back . 
if you were me , how would you feel ? so , i could not help writing to you and would like to receive money back . 
i enclosed the receipt of theatre . 
i enclose the theatre receipt . 
yours faithfully , 
yours faithfully , 
bying kak
bying kak
- how has modern technology changed your daily life ? 
- how has modern technology changed your daily life ? 
i was born in 1973 . at this time , our nation was under a developing country . almost all the people had a television which provided events around our county very quickly . as i growed up , t . v was one of the mysteriest things like a telephone and a bus . 
i was born in 1973 . at this time , our nation was a developing country . almost all the people had a television which provided events around our country very quickly . as i grew up , t . v was one of the most mysterious things like a telephone and a bus . 
when it comes to modern technology , i grately appreciate it . 
when it comes to modern technology , i grately appreciate it . 
first thing is a computer . when i was a university student , i had to find out some imformation about my homework . i could not get them . but a computer made me get them from internet . 
first thing is the computer . when i was a university student , i had to find out some information for my homework . i could not get it . but a computer allowed me to get it from the internet . 
second thing is an airplane . i have been imagining where another contries are like england . now i am in england . i know a ship but an airplane made an arrival to here be quick . 
second thing is the airplane . i imagined where other countries are like england . now i am in england . i know a ship but an airplane made an arrival to here be quick . 
third thing is a telephone . it saves time . whenever i do not know about something , i phone and ask it . 
third thing is the telephone . it saves time . whenever i do not know about something , i phone someone and ask about it . 
all in all , i have been having many benefits from modern technology which is very useful . but it might be a problem , making me lazy . 
all in all , i have been having many benefits from modern technology , which is very useful . but it might be a problem , making me lazy . 
now , the world is one end and i have to take advantage of modern technology for my future . 
now , the world is one end and i have to take advantage of modern technology for my future . 
dear sir , 
dear sir , 
i am writing to you because i have recently been at your musical show at the circle theatre but i'm sorry to say that i had a very disappointing evening . 
i am writing to you because i have recently been to your musical show at the circle theatre but i'm sorry to say that i had a very disappointing evening . 
i was in london for a week's holiday and i decided to go to the theatre . i saw your musical show advertised in my hotel and i decided to buy a ticket . i am still a student and i saw in the advertisment that there were some discounts available . i asked for it but the answer i received was that there wasn't any kind of discount . i arrived at the theatre at 19 . 00 and i thought i'd have waited only thirty minutes . i waited more than one hour because the show started at 20 . 15 . but , at the moment , i thought that these things can happen . when the musical show started i had the third bad surprise . the male actor wasn't danny brook but an actor that i've never seen before . at the end of the show i was very hungry and so i had the brilliant to decide to go to the theatre restaurant but , of course , it was closed ! 
i was in london for a week's holiday and i decided to go to the theatre . i saw your musical show advertised in my hotel and i decided to buy a ticket . i am still a student and i saw in the advertisement that there were some discounts available . i asked about it but the answer i received was that there weren't any kind of discounts . i arrived at the theatre at 19 . 00 and i thought i'd have waited only thirty minutes . i waited more than one hour because the show started at 20 . 15 . but , at that moment , i thought that these things can happen . when the musical show started i had the third bad surprise . the male actor wasn't danny brook but an actor that i've never seen before . at the end of the show i was very hungry and so i had the brilliant idea to decide to go to the theatre restaurant but , of course , it was closed ! 
i think that if there had been only one or two problems i wouldn't have written to reply but there had been only problems . i'd like not only to reply but also to have my money back because my evening wasn't " perfect " as you advertised but it was a big disaster . 
i think that if there had been only one or two problems i wouldn't have written to complain but there were only problems . i'd like not only to complain but also to have my money back because my evening wasn't " perfect " as you advertised but it was a big disaster . 
i am looking forward to hearing you as soon as possible . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you as soon as possible . 
yours faithfully , 
yours faithfully , 
every aspect of our daily life is influenced by technology . i'll give you some examples describing how technology affects my life every day . 
every aspect of our daily life is influenced by technology . i'll give you some examples describing how technology affects my life every day . 
the first thing i do every day , when i get up , is to prepare fantastic cappuccino with my coffe machine . then i go to work by motorbike . the first thing i do when i arrive in my office is to switch on my computer . during all the day i speak with the majority of my collegues by telephone or e-mail . sometime i stay alone all the day but i have contacts with many people . 
the first thing i do every day , when i get up , is to prepare a fantastic cappuccino with my coffee machine . then i go to work by motorbike . the first thing i do when i arrive at my office is to switch on my computer . all day i speak with the majority of my colleagues by telephone or e-mail . sometimes i am alone all day but i have contact with many people . 
when i have to book a holiday , to buy a book or to control my bank account use internet and i do all these things , and many others , without moving from my office . when i finish to work i come back home . if i haven't enough time to cook i prepare my meal using my fantastic microwave hoven . if i'm too tired to go out with my friends i finish my day looking a programme on television . i know that it can appear a sad day but it's what a lot of people do every day in every part of the world . 
when i have to book a holiday , to buy a book or to check my bank account i use the internet and i do all these things , and many others , without moving from my office . when i finish working i come back home . if i haven't enough time to cook i prepare my meal using my fantastic microwave oven . if i'm too tired to go out with my friends i finish my day watching a programme on television . i know that it can appear a sad day but it's what a lot of people do every day in every part of the world . 
to conclude , i think that technology has improved many aspects of our daily life . but it's also true that sometime we aren't able to make a step without it . 
to conclude , i think that technology has improved many aspects of our daily life . but it's also true that sometime we aren't able to take a step without it . 
dear sir , 
dear sir , 
i am writing to complain about a musical show i saw at the circle theatre on wednesday , june , 14th which was titled " over the rainbow " . 
i am writing to complain about a musical show i saw at the circle theatre on wednesday , june , 14th which was titled " over the rainbow " . 
first of all , the advertisement i got layed emphasis on danny brook's starring , but eventually , a disappoint unknown actor played his part , and i wonder whether he had real skills to . 
first of all , the advertisement i got laid placed emphasis on danny brook's starring in the show , but actually , a disappointing , unknown actor played his part , and i wonder whether he had real skills . 
to make matters worse , not only was the restaurant closed , without any appearant reason , but also the discounts that were said to be available were not . 
to make matters worse , not only was the restaurant closed , for no apparent reason , but also the discounts that were said to be available were not . 
on top of everything , the performance began forty-five minutes late . 
on top of everything , the performance began forty-five minutes late . 
i find it unbearable to witness such a lying advertising and to pay even ten pounds to spend such a disappointing evening . consequently , i ask for money back , and i will not obviously go back in the circle theatre . i join my receipt , and i look forward to hearing from you soon . 
i find it unbearable to witness such deceitful advertising and to even pay ten pounds to have such a disappointing evening . consequently , i ask for my money back , and i will obviously not go back to the circle theatre . i attach my receipt , and i look forward to hearing from you soon . 
yours
yours
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . over the last five years , she had caused many arguments because of unkept secrets , but she couldn't help speaking to everybody . this time , as katie , her cousin , had told her their friend bobby had stolen a great camera , but that this was confidential , pat reacted violently; why was she told secrets she was unable to keep ? however , she was interested in it , and decided to lead her own enquiry about this case . bobby didn't use to commit such acts and the story looked very strange . despite katie's warning , pat reached her purpose by questioning carefully her friends , and realized bobby had been forced to rob this camera unless he wanted to be hurt . pat knew there was no solving the problem without the adults' help . katie and bobby would be furious , but anyway . . . she convicted the two criminals , and had the calm gone back within the school . it was the first time she had saved someone telling a secret , and she realized she had made the good choice . 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . over the last five years , she has caused many arguments because of unkept secrets , but she couldn't help speaking to everybody . this time , as katie , her cousin , had told her , their friend bobby had stolen a great camera , but that this was confidential . pat reacted violently; why was she told secrets she was unable to keep ? however , she was interested , and decided to lead her own enquiry into this case . bobby didn't use to commit such acts and the story seemed very strange . despite katie's warning , pat achieved her purpose by carefully questioning her friends , and realized bobby had been forced to steal this camera or else he would be hurt . pat knew there was no solving the problem without the the help of adults . katie and bobby would be furious , but anyway . . . she got the two criminals convicted , and recovered the calm within the school . it was the first time she had saved someone by telling a secret , and she realized she had made a good choice . 
saturday , 17th june , 2000
saturday , 17th june , 2000
dear sir , 
dear sir , 
i am writting you in order to obtain you my money back , concerning the musical show: over the rainbow . i live in france and i recently spent a week's holiday in london . i decided to go to theatre to have a nice evening . i saw your advertisement in a newspaper . it seemed to be very attractive . but in fact it is not ! 
i am writing to you in order to get my money back , concerning the musical show: over the rainbow . i live in france and i recently spent a week's holiday in london . i decided to go to the theatre to have a nice evening . i saw your advertisement in a newspaper . it seemed to be very interesting . but in fact it is not ! 
i had a very disappointing evening . first of all: actors were mentionned are not the same . i supposed to see the famous danny brook , and what a surprise it was not him . i was very disappointed . 
i had a very disappointing evening . first of all: the actors who were mentioned in the advert are not the same as the ones on stage . i was supposed to see the famous danny brook , and what a surprise it was when it was not him . i was very disappointed . 
secondly the show had go on 19 . 30 pm . in fact it started at 20 . 15 pm without any explanations . 
secondly the show was meant start to start at 19 . 30 pm . in fact it started at 20 . 15 pm without any explanation . 
thirdly it said that " discounts available " . this is not the truth . 
thirdly the advert said " discounts available " . this is not the truth . 
after that it suggested to visit your theatre restaurant , but the restaurant was closed ! it is a shame . 
after that it was suggested we visit your theatre restaurant , but the restaurant was closed ! it was a shame . 
and you write , i quote " your perfect evening out " , excuse me but i do not agree with you . it was awful , the worst evening out of my life . 
and you wrote , i quote that it would be " your perfect evening out " , excuse me , but i do not agree with you . it was awful , the worst evening of my life . 
so please , it would be fair , that you give my money back . 
so please , it would be fair if you gave me my money back . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you in a near future . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you in the near future . 
yours faithfully . 
yours faithfully . 
" what will clothes be like 100 years from now ? " 
" what will clothes be like 100 years from now ? " 
in my opinion , clothes will not change so much , because fashion is an eternal cycle . you will find always basic clothes , but i think that it will be the materials which will change . 
in my opinion , clothes will not change so much , because fashion is an eternal cycle . you will always find the same basic clothes , but i think that it will be the materials which will change . 
we will find the same kind of clothes with gadgets included . for example: a short very classical inside of it could be included a mobile phone , or we could find too some buttons , to have . . fresh air , why not ? or special flying shoes , and maybe on your watch you would have a screen to watch your favorite soap operas . 
we will find the same kind of clothes with gadgets included . for example: a short , very classical and inside it could be included a mobile phone , or we could find some buttons too , to provide . . fresh air , why not ? or special flying shoes , and maybe you would have a screen on your watch to watch your favourite soap operas . 
everything is possible , but it would be fun to see this type of gadgets with old clothes , like a dress of the middle-age . 
everything is possible , but it would be fun to see this type of gadget in old clothes , like a dress from the middle ages . 
do not worry about this , it will not happen ! fashion is always the same ! 
do not worry about this , it will not happen ! fashion is always the same ! 
dear manager:
dear manager:
i reciently was in london , in my sister's home , and i went to se " over the rainbow " . i had a lots of problems and i would like to tell you about them . 
i recently was in london , staying in my sister's home , and i went to see " over the rainbow " . i had a lot of problems and i would like to tell you about them . 
early that day i went to buy the tickets and i decided to buy the expensive ones , like the promotion paper said they made discounts to people that worked at the british institute . i mentioned it , but they told me that promotion had ended a long time ago . why do you put on the paper then ? in the evening i got a flat tire , and because of this i got late to the show , when i got to my place , it was used ( it cost a lot ) and they took me to the cheapest seats , where i couldn't see a thing . after waiting a while in this uncomfortable place the show started , i waited 45 minutes and then the actors appeared , but i find myself that the main one wasn't danny brook , it was an impostor . 
early that day i went to buy the tickets and i decided to buy the expensive ones , as the promotion paper said they gave discounts to people who worked at the british institute . i mentioned it , but they told me that the promotion had ended a long time ago . why do you put it in the paper then ? in the evening i got a flat tire , and because of this i got to the show late , when i got to my seat , it was taken ( it cost a lot ) and they took me to the cheapest seats , where i couldn't see a thing . after waiting a while in this uncomfortable seat the show started . i waited 45 minutes and then the actors appeared , but i found discovered that the main one wasn't danny brook , it was an impostor . 
and finally when the show ended i decided to go eat something , but the restaurant was closed because the chef was sick . sorry , but all these stuff are not proffesional , and i am going to make a demand exactly because you don't have that , if you don't give me my money back . 
and finally when the show ended i decided to go and eat something , but the restaurant was closed because the chef was sick . sorry , but none of this is professional , and i am going to make a demand exactly because you don't have that , if you don't give me my money back . 
i hope you understand me
i hope you understand me
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . 
yesterday i decided to go to the " blue disco " because the guy i liked was going to be there . but there was a little problem and it was that my parent's didn't let me go alone to disco's , so i had to go illegaly , and i decided i would do it . 
yesterday i decided to go to the " blue disco " because the guy i liked was going to be there . but there was a little problem and it was that my parents didn't let me go alone to discos to discos alone , so i had to go illegally , and i decided i would do it . 
that night i waited until my parents were asleep and i went out my window . i had told pat to pick me up , she was the only one that new my plan . i made her promise she wouldn't tell anyone my secret . so when we arrived to the disco there was my guy waiting for me . to sumarize the night i am going steady with him , and he took me home . the next morning pat came to my house , i was sleeping so she talked to my mom and she suddenly asked her: at what time did catana arrive last night ? . . . 
that night i waited until my parents were asleep and i climbed out of my window . i had told pat to pick me up . she was the only one who knew my plan . i made her promise she wouldn't tell anyone my secret . so when we arrived at the disco there was my guy waiting for me . to summarise the night , i am going steady with him , and he took me home . the next morning pat came to my house . i was sleeping so she talked to my mom and she suddenly asked her: at what time did catana arrive home last night ? . . . 
all the truth was then told , and now i am grownded for life . she defintevely doesn't know how to keep secrets . 
all the truth was then told , and now i am grounded for life . she definitely doesn't know how to keep secrets . 
dear sir or madam , 
dear sir or madam , 
i am writing to complain about the terrible evening i spent in your theatre . just to remind you of which show i am talking about , it is called " over the rainbow " . 
i am writing to complain about the terrible evening i spent in your theatre . just to remind you of which show i am talking about , it is called " over the rainbow " . 
there were couple of things i noted down during the show . one of the reasons that i chose to see this show was to see danny brook live . but there was a different actor instead of him . i am very disappointed . another problem that bothered me about the show was its late start . instead of starting at 19:30 pm , it started at 20:15 pm . i had a meeting straight after the show but i was late and made fool of my self by arriving late and all those people starring at me and whispering . then i found out that the discounts are not available but on the notice board , it said that they are available . after the show , i noticed that the theatre restaurant was closed because it was closed that day . 
there were a couple of things i noted down during the show . one of the reasons that i chose to see this show was to see danny brook live . but there was a different actor instead of him . i am very disappointed . another problem that bothered me about the show was its late start . instead of starting at 19:30 pm , it started at 20:15 pm . i had a meeting straight after the show but i was late and made a fool of myself by arriving late and had to suffer all those people staring at me and whispering . then i found out that the discounts were not available but on the notice board it said that they were available . after the show , i noticed that the theatre restaurant was closed because it was closed that day . 
the evening that i spent there was terrible so please may i have my money back . 
the evening that i spent there was terrible so please may i have my money back . 
yours faithfully , 
yours faithfully , 
raulet . 
raulet . 
well , for instance people in roman times ( roman soldiers ) didn't have any sort of transport to move them from one place to another . the only way they could move was their feet . they could walk over 4 km per day without any breaks . 
well , for instance people in roman times ( roman soldiers ) didn't have any sort of transport to move them from one place to another . the only way they could move was using their feet . they could walk over 4 km per day without any breaks . 
but people in nowadays like me can't even walk 1 km . and also what is the point of walking when you have cars and buses or even bikes . 
but people nowadays like me can't even walk 1 km . and also what is the point of walking when you have cars and buses or even bikes . 
phones also affected my daily routine . if i wanted to find one of my friends , i had to run around our hood finding him but now , i just have to phone on his mobile phone and just ask him where he is . 
phones also affected my daily routine . if i wanted to find one of my friends , i had to run around our neighbourhood looking for him but now i just have to phone him on his mobile phone and just ask him where he is . 
computers changed my daily routine because when i was younger , i was spending most of my days outside playing basketball but now , i just play on the computers all day . 
computers changed my daily routine because , when i was younger , i spent most of my days outside playing basketball but now i just play on the computers all day . 
e-mails are also one of my examples . when e-mails didn't exist , i was writing letters and it took longer to get to the person i am writing to but with e-mails , the person could receive my message within few seconds and you don't have to count in how many days he will receive it . so in my opinion , modern technology changed my daily routine quiet a lot . 
e-mails are also one of my examples . when e-mails didn't exist , i wrote letters and it took longer to get to the person i was writing to but with e-mails the person could receive my message within a few seconds and you don't have to count how many days it will take before he will receive it . so in my opinion , modern technology has changed my daily routine quite a lot . 
circle theater 
circle theatre 
to mr. smith , circle theater 's manager
to mr. smith , circle theatre 's manager
20th june 2000
20th june 2000
dear mr smith , 
dear mr smith , 
by the following , i would like to inform you that i've assisted your new musical show , which name is " over the rainbow " , last saturday evening , 10th june . i'm writing you to make a complaint on your advertisement , which i consider like a lying advertisement . let me explain you why i'm now so disappointed . i've spent one week holiday in london with my husband for our honeymoon . we had preparred quiet a long time ago , this travel to the capital and spared a lot of money as well . 
by the following , i would like to inform you that i've attended i attended your new musical show , the name of which is " over the rainbow " , last saturday evening , 10th june . i'm writing to you to make a complaint about your advertisement , which i consider a lying advertisement . let me explain to you why i'm now so disappointed . i spent i had one week's holiday in london with my husband for our honeymoon . we had prepared this quite a long time ago , this trip to the capital and saved a lot of money as well . 
we are both very keen on musical shows . we've already attended " cats " , the " phantom of the opera " , " les miserables " , " grease " , and so many others . when we saw your leaflet mentionned " london's newest and best musical show " , we were so enthusiastic and curious that we bought immediately the tickets . on the waiting evening , at the entrance stood people , who were shouting at you because there wasn't any discounts available . one thing that you promised on your leaflet . we didn't have trouble to find our seats , but we found very annoying to have waited 45 minutes before the show goes on and more that your famous actors weren't absolutely mr brook and mrs truelove and we can also add that your restaurant wasn't opened because of hygienic troubles . i can say now that " it wasn't my perfect evening out " and i request now some money back for all these disagreements . 
we are both very keen on musicals . we've already seen " cats " , the " phantom of the opera " , " les miserables " , " grease " , and so many others . when we saw your leaflet that mentioned " london's newest and best musical show " , we were so enthusiastic and curious that we immediately bought the tickets . on the evening , people stood at the entrance who were shouting at you because there weren't any discounts available . one thing that you promised on your leaflet . we didn't have trouble finding our seats , but we found it very annoying to wait 45 minutes before the show starts started and more than that your famous actors weren't definitely definitely weren't mr brook and mrs truelove and we can also add that your restaurant wasn't opened because of hygiene problems . i can say now that " it wasn't my perfect evening out " and i now request some money back for all these annoyances . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
to international post magazine
to international post magazine
application for the shopping trip to new york
application for the shopping trip to new york
dear sir or madam , 
dear sir or madam , 
please find enclosed my thinking about the fashion of the future . first of all , i think we should consider the manner actually how the people are dressing to see how it's going to be developped into the future . everyone has is own style but it's obvious that many of us is wearing the same clothes like others . we all follow the new collection on the market . today it's wearing short-trousers and yesterday was wearing broken-jeans . what we wear is also influenced by models , medias , or new collection , which come from paris , london , or new york . these new clothes are often very expensive that's maybe not everyone can afford to buy himself the newest clothes on the market . in 100 years , it's possible that each people will developp his own style using all the new materials like plastic , latex everything possible , in a way to create own clothes . 
please find enclosed my thoughts about the fashion of the future . first of all , i think we should consider the way at present people are dressing people are dressing at present to see how it's going to be developed in the future . everyone has his own style but it's obvious that many of us are wearing the same clothes as others . we all follow the new collection on the market . today it's wearing short trousers and yesterday it was wearing broken jeans torn jeans . what we wear is also influenced by models , the media , or new collections , which come from paris , london , or new york . these new clothes are often very expensive , which's why maybe maybe why not everyone can afford to buy himself the newest clothes on the market . in 100 years , it's possible that everyone will develop his own style using all the new materials like plastic , latex , everything possible , as a way to create their own clothes . 
in my opinion , i think that people will wear no clothes anymore , just being natural , nude and feeling free , like many many years before . because , i think that people need to find again their authenticity . 
in my opinion , i think that people will not wear clothes anymore , just be natural , being nude and feeling free , like many many years before . because , i think that people need to find their authenticity again . 
i wish that my article comes in your magazine . 
i hope that my article appears in your magazine . 
with best regards . 
with best regards . 
dear sir or madam
dear sir or madam
i am writting to complain about i am really disappointed your musical show which is " over the rainbow " . on last week . i could compare between the advertising of musical and actual musical show last week . 
i am writing to complain because i was really disappointed by your musical show , which is " over the rainbow " , last week . i could compare between the advertising of the musical and the actual musical show last week . 
first of all , the advertising shown us starring , which is danny brook and tina truelove , however , when i had seem it , starring of musical completely diffarent actors , i really disappointed about it . 
first of all , the advertising shown us starring , which is danny brook and tina truelove . however , when i had seen saw it , starring of the musical the musical starred completely different actors . i was really disappointed about it . 
secondary , the advertising shows as the musical start 14 . 30 and 19:30 , but the musical started 20:15 , it's 45 minuts late , and also , i'd asked discount ticket in the ticket counter , but there are not available any discount tickets . 
secondly , the advertising states the musical starts at 14 . 30 and 19:30 , but the musical started at 20:15 , that's . that's 45 minutes late , and also i asked for a discount ticket at the ticket counter , but there were not available any discount tickets no discount tickets were available . 
finally , your theatre restaurant was closed after show , it is because i saw it was opened at break time for musical , but afterwards , the people of staff for restaurant were closing . 
finally , your theatre restaurant was closed after the show , it is because i saw it was opened at break time for musical , but afterwards , the people of staff for restaurant were closing . 
now then , how was this advertising , it was completely diffarent , i am really disappointed your musical , i am ask you for money back , because i wasn't enjoyed your musical . 
now then , how was this advertising , it was completely different . i am really disappointed with your musical . i am asking you for my money back , because i didn't enjoy your musical . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
your faithfully , 
yours faithfully , 
from 

i am writting composition about " how has modern technology changed your daily life " , this is our question . all at the technology developed about every day , not all of them , but still a lot of modern technology changed our daily life . 
i am writing a composition about " how modern technology has changed your daily life " . this is our subject . all at the technology developed about every day , not all of it , but still a lot of modern technology has changed our daily life . 
first of all , i thought more than half population of british has " mobile phone " , it is small and compact , much lighter than home telephone , and one of the biggest advantage is you can carry it , so that easy to contact your friend or someone who other , even they can easy to contact you as well , so you can phone anytime you wants , whenever you wants . 
first of all , i think more than half the population of britain has a " mobile phone " , they . they are small and compact , much lighter than a home telephone , and one of the biggest advantages is you can carry it , so that it is easy to contact your friend or someone who other , even they can easily contact you as well , so you can phone anytime you want , whenever you want . 
secondary , personal computer ( pc ) , these " desk top " and " lap top " computers developed each year , however , most important thing is " internet " , mobile phone could easy to contact anyone in your country , " internet " easy to contact world wide , you can send e-mail anytime , anywhere you wants , it is most popular thing all of the world . 
secondly , personal computer ( pc ) , these " desk top " and " lap top " computers developed each year . however , the most important thing is the " internet " . mobile phone could easy to contact anyone in your country , the " internet " it is easy to contact people worldwide . you can send e-mail anytime , anywhere you want . it is the most popular thing in the whole world . 
these modern techonology get closer between person to another person , get close between worldwide , so that , these modern technology changed our daily life so diffarent . 
this modern technology gets closer between person to another person , get close between worldwide , so that , this modern technology changed our daily life so different . 
from . 
. 
dear sir/madam; i am writing to complain about the musical show " over the rainbow " , which as organised in your theatre . firstly , i had been looking forward to that show since danny brook was to be one of the main actors; however , there was other actor instead of him , which came to me as a great disappointment . secondly , as for the times , instead of 19 . 30 it all started at 20:15 , which involved being stranded in the theatre for such a long time . added to this , i had brought very little money in the hope that i would get a discount . nevertheless , there was not any available . finally , as regards the theatre restaurant , it was closed due to problems with the pipes . as you may realize , it was not a perfect evening out but a complete disaster . i am asking you a full refund or at least part of my money back . i look forward to hearing from you , yours faithfully andrehi lisa danzelli
dear sir/madam; i am writing to complain about the musical " over the rainbow " , which was performed at your theatre . firstly , i had been looking forward to that show since danny brook was to be one of the main actors; however , there was another actor instead of him , which was to me as a great disappointment was a great disappointment to me . secondly , as for the times of the performance , instead of 19 . 30 it started at 20:15 , which meant being stranded at the theatre for such a long time . in addition , i had brought very little money in the hope that i would get a discount . however , there was not any available . finally , as regards the theatre restaurant , it was closed due to problems with the pipes . as you may realize , it was not a perfect evening out but a complete disaster . i am asking you for a full refund or at least some of my money back . i look forward to hearing from you , yours faithfully andrehi lisa danzelli
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . what is more , every time i trusted her with my secrets , she always let me down . it was always the same; she would meet with her neighbours afterwards and give my secrets away . to make matters worse , people gossiped about me and tried to find out more and more about my private affairs , which made me feel embarrassed . the worst point was that she started to make up false stories about me , which soon spread all around the neighbourhood . 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . what is more , every time i trusted her with my secrets , she always let me down . it was always the same; she would meet with her neighbours afterwards and give my secrets away . to make matters worse , people gossiped about me and tried to find out more and more about my private affairs , which made me feel embarrassed . the worst thing was that she started to make up false stories about me , which soon spread all around the neighbourhood . 
needless to say , i couldn't put up with that situation any longer so i determined to fall out with her . since then , i hasen't talked to her again , despite the fact that she regretted doing all that and really wanted to make up with me . of course , i became aware of her feelings since a friend of mine overheard a conversation between pat and other girl . in spite of that , i found it difficult to forgive her as she had hurt my feelings; that's why the only thing i could tell her since we had quarrelled was: " it serves you right , i'll hate you for the rest of your life ! " 
needless to say , i couldn't put up with that situation any longer so i decided to fall out with her . since then , i hasn't haven't talked to her again , despite the fact that she regretted doing all that and really wanted to make up with me . of course , i became aware of her feelings since a friend of mine overheard a conversation between pat and another girl . in spite of that , i found it difficult to forgive her as she had hurt my feelings; that's why the only thing i could tell her after we had quarrelled was: " it serves you right , i'll hate you for the rest of your life ! " 
dear sir or madam , 
dear sir or madam , 
i am a foreign woman who had a week's holiday in london and decided to go to the theatre to see a musical show . that show wasn't as it supposed to be and it is for that reason that i am writting to you . 
i am a foreign woman who had a week's holiday in london and decided to go to the theatre to see a musical show . that show wasn't what it was supposed to be and it is for that reason that i am writing to you . 
one of the problems is that a couple of actors , danny brook and tina truelove , were the ones supposed to act and a different actor took danny's place , it was disappointing ! 
one of the problems was that a couple of actors , danny brook and tina truelove , were the ones supposed to act and a different actor took danny's place . it was disappointing ! 
the second show was supposed to start at 19:30 , but to make the matters worse , it started at 20 . 15 , so after the show i couldn't got to the cinema . 
the second show was supposed to start at 19:30 , but to make matters worse , it started at 20 . 15 , so after the show i couldn't go to the cinema . 
apart from that i couldn't visit the theatre restaurant after the show because it was closed for holidays . 
also i couldn't visit the theatre restaurant after the show because it was closed for the holidays . 
on top of everything the tickets didn't offer any discounts , so the last day i couldn't buy the present for my neighbour . 
on top of everything the ticket office didn't offer any discounts , so on the last day i couldn't buy a present for my neighbour . 
i am writting to ask a refund of the 55 which i spent on the ticket for the miserable show . 
i am writing to ask for the refund of the 55 which i spent on the ticket for that miserable show . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours faithfully . 
yours faithfully . 
jane smythe
jane smythe
i am going to write about how has modern technology changed our daily life . 
i am going to write about how modern technology has changed our daily life . 
first of all i think that technology has been one of the most important inventions of human and that without it we couldn't be where we are wright now . 
first of all , i think that technology has been one of the most important inventions in human history and that without it we couldn't be where we are right now . 
one of the best examples is the car: in a lot of cities around the world , cars can be seen in the streets all day long . during the last decade the number of people who has a particular car has increased very fast . on the other hand people who hasn't any cars , can also be helped by technology: they can use the public transport like the train or the bus , which is also a comfortable form of travelling . but if you want a fastest transport , the plane is the perfect one ! 
one of the best examples is the car: in a lot of cities around the world , cars can be seen in the streets all day long . during the last decade the number of people who have their own car increased very quickly . on the other hand people who haven't any cars can also be helped by technology: they can use the public transport like the train or the bus , which are also comfortable forms of travelling . but if you want the fastest means of transport , the plane is perfect ! 
but technology can also help you at home if you use modern machines for cleaning your house , clothes or dishes . 
but technology can also help you at home if you use modern machines to clean your house , clothes or dishes . 
apart from that , technology also helps in hospitals . every time more machines help doctors and nurses with their difficult tascs . 
apart from that , technology also helps in hospitals . all the time there are more machines helping doctors and nurses with their difficult tasks . 
in contrast , technology is very bad for the nature : if we use cars we contaminate , and many cars are being used every day ! 
in contrast , technology is very bad for the environment : if we use cars we contaminate the environment , and many cars are being used every day ! 
on balance i think that evidently technology has got more advantages than disadvantages . 
on balance i think that technology evidently has got more advantages than disadvantages . 
dear sir/madam , 
dear sir/madam , 
i am writting to complain about the musical show at the circle theatre . 
i am writing to complain about the musical show at the circle theatre . 
firstly , the actors who starring was not dany brook as it was advertised but one other actor , whose performance was very bad . that made the show disappointing . 
firstly , the actor who starred was not dany brook as advertised but another actor , whose performance was very bad . that made the show disappointing . 
secondly , the show should began at half past seven . despite these fact the show began at a quarter to eight . 
secondly , the show should have begun at half past seven . despite this fact the show began at a quarter to eight . 
also , there was not available tickets and after these bad musical show the restaurant of the theatre was closed . 
also , there were no tickets available and after this bad musical show , the restaurant of the theatre was closed . 
my evening was not very pleasant as you advertised . as a result of that i demand to have some of my money back . 
my evening was not very pleasant as you advertised . as a result of this i demand some of my money back . 
yours faithfully , 
yours faithfully , 
if i say that technology has not changed my life i would be lying . if fact technology change in a major point my life . 
if i said that technology has not changed my life i would be lying . if fact technology has changed in a major way my life my life in a major way . 
can you imagine your life without a car or a television ? i don't . technology so much my life which i could not live without it . 
can you imagine your life without a car or a television ? i can't . technology is so much a part of my life that i could not live without it . 
but technology doesn't only makes my life better . by the use of car i do not only get an easy way to move , but i destroy my enviroment . also , if i use the car , in small distances when i can go on foot , i destroy my physical situation . 
but technology doesn't only make my life better . by using a car i not only get an easy way to move around , but i also destroy the environment . also , if i use the car for small distances when i could go on foot , i destroy my health . 
could you imagine your life without a television or a computer ? i could not . althouth with the computer i can contact with my friends and with the television i relax , i could not find another way to relax and contact with others . 
can you imagine your life without a television or a computer ? i can't . although with with the computer i can contact my friends and with the television i relax , i could not find another way to relax and contact others . 
technology is very important for my life . it makes my life more easier , and it would be much more difficult to live without it 
technology is very important in my life . it makes my life easier , and it would be much more difficult to live without it . 
soles ledia
soles ledia
ci hacia de loredes
ci hacia de loredes
madrid
madrid
the circle theatre
the circle theatre
london
london
dear sir , 
dear sir , 
i am writing you to complain about the musical show which took place the last 1st of may in " the circle theatre " in london . your show was supposed to be one of the best that i had ever seen . at first sight the theatre was gorgeous , i was surprised of its facade and also i was anxious for the beginning of the performance . 
i am writing to you to complain about the musical show which took place last 1st of may at " the circle theatre " in london . your show was supposed to be one of the best that i had ever seen . at first sight the theatre was gorgeous . i was surprised at its facade and also i was anxious to see the beginning of the performance . 
my friends and me thought that it would be the perfect night in london but everything changed when the show had been delayed more than forty-five minutes . 
my friends and i thought that it would be the perfect night out in london but everything changed when the show was delayed more than forty-five minutes . 
although we had problems at the entrance with the tickets , we looked forward for that marvellous night . the prices that our travel agency confirmed us were not the same as the theatre , we asked for our special discount for be students with less than eighteen years but we only obtained a rudely answer of the woman who sold the tickets . 
although we had problems at the entrance with the tickets , we looked forward to a marvellous night . the prices that our travel agency confirmed for us were not the same as the ones charged at the theatre . we asked for our special discount for being students of less than eighteen years but we only obtained a rude answer from the woman who sold the tickets . 
in addition to this , we realized when the show began that the main character was not danny brook . 
in addition to this , we realized when the show began that the main character was not danny brook . 
at top of everything the restaurant was closed and we could not eat on the theatre . 
on top of everything the restaurant was closed and we could not eat at the theatre . 
you can imagine how upset we were and we asked you for our reward for the night that we spent . 
you can imagine how upset we were and we ask you for some compensation for the night that we spent at your theatre . 
yours faithful 
yours faithfully 
nowadays we think in the modern technology as something usual in our lives . 
nowadays we think of modern technology as something usual in our lives . 
for instances with the arrive of internet , the new digital television or the researchers in the medecin ; we are discovering how we can change our lives only with press a botton , or look for something new with only think about it . . . we realize that the new technology it have just begun , and lively in a few years we will be very avanced in this way . 
for instance with the arrival of the internet , the new digital television and the researchers in medicine , we are discovering how we can change our lives with only the press of a button , or look for something new by only thinking about it . . . we realize that the new technology has just begun to advance , and it is likely in a few years we will be very advanced in this way . 
in my point of view the new techincs have more advantages than disadvantages , my reasons for saying that is because furthermore we can live better , we can also have more ways of know now to live healthy and how to spent our free time . 
in my opinion the new techniques technologies have more advantages than disadvantages . my reasons for saying this are that we can live better , we also have more ways of knowing now to live healthily and how to spend our free time . 
although the technology also is used for create new types of weapons and also for killing people , it is only the worst part of this . 
although technology is also used to create new types of weapon and also to kill people , that is only the worst part of it . 
but however it is a good idea to spend out money in make new enterprises which pay the researchers and they could investigate how to improve ourselves . 
but however it is a good idea to spend our money on new enterprises which pay researchers who could investigate how we could improve ourselves . 
dear sir or madam , 
dear sir or madam , 
i'm writing in order to complain about your current musical show which i saw last week . it didn't go on as i had expected and i was really let down when it finished . 
i'm writing in order to complain about your current musical show , which i saw last week . it didn't go as i had expected and i was really disappointed when it finished . 
firstly , it was to start at 19:30 a i bought my ticket for the evening session . however , it began at 20:15 . i would have understood a little bit of waiting time , but everybody agreed that this was too long . 
firstly , it was meant to start at 19:30 and i bought my ticket for the evening performance . however , it began at 20:15 . i would have understood a little bit of waiting time , but everybody agreed that this was too long . 
second , instead of being starred by danny brook , the musical was starred by another actor , who i found really disappointing . although he sung quite well he danced terribly and that spoiled part of the show . 
second , instead of starring danny brook , the musical was starring another actor , who i found really disappointing . although he sung quite well he danced terribly and that spoiled part of the show . 
i asked for the discounts available as we were a group of 15 people , but the answer i was given was that nobody had ever heard of them . 
i asked about the discounts available as we were a group of 15 people , but the answer i was given was that nobody had ever heard of them . 
in addition , we had planned to have dinner at the theatre restaurant but it was closed as it closes every thursday . i think that there's no point in having a restaurant which closes the day of main audience . 
in addition , we had planned to have dinner at the theatre restaurant but it was closed as it closes every thursday . i think that there's no point in having a restaurant which closes the day the audience is largest . 
finally , i just want to say that the perfect evening that the advertisement said and that we all wished turned out to be a regret for the wasted money . that's why i'd like to ask if you could give me some money back . i'm including my ticket and this list of complaints as the reason for returning some money . 
finally , i just want to say that the perfect evening that the advertisement promised and that we all wanted turned out to be regrettable because of the wasted money . that's why i'd like to ask if you could give me some money back . i'm enclosing my ticket and this list of complaints as the reason for returning some money . 
i'm looking forward to receiving your decision . 
i'm looking forward to receiving your decision . 
yours faithfully , 
yours faithfully , 
my daily life has changed quite a lot with modern technology . i live more comfortably and even more carefree than some years ago . i've been able to improve some things that could have annoyed me some time ago , and although they're mainly little changes they make me notice that my life is easier . 
my daily life has changed quite a lot with modern technology . i live more comfortably and i am even more carefree than a few years ago . i've been able to improve some things that would have annoyed me a little while ago , and although they're mainly little changes they make me notice that my life is easier . 
at home , for example , my waking up is no more a surrounding sound that breaks the silence and peace of my dreams , it is now the good-morning of my favourite radio program , set to start at seven o'clock . then , when i was younger i would have to put the milk on the fire and wait until it was warm enough to drink . nowadays , almost everybody have a microwaves oven , where you put your milk less than two minuts and it is ready to delight your mouth . another thing are the fifty-two steps which take me to the street . they have become as easy as calling the lift , without feeling tired or even breathless , when i was in a hurry . 
at home , for example , my alarm is no longer a deafening sound that breaks the silence and peace of my dreams , it is now the good-morning of my favourite radio programme , set to start at seven o'clock . then , when i was younger i would have to put the milk on the hob and wait until it was warm enough to drink . nowadays , almost everybody has a microwave oven , where you put your milk for less than two minutes and it is ready to delight your mouth . another thing is the fifty-two steps which take me to the street . they have become as easy as calling a lift , without making me feel tired or breathless when i am in a hurry . 
thanks to my mobile phone i can go out until later at night , as my parents can know where i am whenever they want . also , with the development of internet and its arriving to a great number of homes , i can have any information i need at any time i want . 
thanks to my mobile phone i can go out later at night , as my parents can know where i am whenever they want . also , with the development of the internet and its arrival at a great number of homes , i can have any information i need at any time i want . 
in brief , my life is taking the most out of the discoveries in science and technology and it can't be hidden that i'm really glad of that . 
in brief , i am making the most of the discoveries of science and technology and i can't conceal that i'm really glad of that . 
dear manager , 
dear manager , 
i recently had a week's holiday in london . during my stay i went to your theatre to see a musical show which was over the rainbow , however , i had a very disappointing evening . 
i recently had a week's holiday in london . during my stay i went to your theatre to see a musical show , which was over the rainbow . however , i had a very disappointing evening . 
there are a lot of differences between the details of the musical show on the advertisement and the ones it actually was . firstly the starring on the advertisement were danny brook and tina truelove , while there were different actors on the musical show . secondly time starts at 19:30 on the leafet but it actually started at 20:15 . thirdly it said there were discounts available on the advertisement , however , there was not any at all . finally it said we could visit your theatre restaurant after the show but it was colsed because your excuse of being used at that moment . 
there are a lot of differences between the details of the musical show in the advertisement and the ones it actually was . firstly the star stars in the advertisement were danny brook and tina truelove , while there were different actors in the musical show . secondly time starts at 19:30 on the leaflet but it actually started at 20:15 . thirdly it said there were discounts available in the advertisement . however , there were not any at all . finally it said we could visit your theatre restaurant after the show but it was closed because your excuse of being used at that moment . 
it said on the leafet that your perfect evening out , while it was not at all . i felt very disappointing after seeing the music show in your theatre . as i said the reasons above , i want to ask for money back ! i look forwards to hearing from you . 
it said in the leaflet that this would be a perfect evening out , while it was not that at all . i felt very disappointed after seeing the music show in your theatre . as i said the reasons above , i want to ask for my money back ! i look forwards to hearing from you . 
yours faithfully , 
yours faithfully , 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . he was so kind that the couldn't stop telling janet that she was going to be killed by mr brown after finishing that pat left this room . janet was so nervous that she couldn't stop her heart throbbing quickly . she went quietly downstair and closed the door as soon as she went into her room . at that moment a lot of things appeared in her mind which seemed as just happened yesterday . " why did mr brown want to kill me ? " she said to herself " i am just a servant in this castle , i loves him so much and i don't want anything from him although he is the owner of this castle . " while it seemed as a shadow came in from the window and disappeared quickly . everything in the room is quiet except the sound of the clock as if everything is going to die . she was so frighten and sad that she had no energry . she fell down onto the floor and wept , while nobody could help her . 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . he was so kind that he couldn't resist telling janet that she was going to be killed by mr brown . after doing that , pat left the room . janet was so nervous that she couldn't stop her heart beating quickly . she went quietly downstairs downstairs quietly and closed the door as soon as she went into her room . at that moment a lot of things appeared in her mind , which seemed like they had just happened yesterday . " why did mr brown want to kill me ? " she said to herself . " i am just a servant in this castle . i love him so much and i don't want anything from him although he is the owner of this castle . " while it it seemed as if a shadow came in through the window and disappeared quickly . everything in the room was quiet except the sound of the clock , as if everything was going to die . she was so frightened and sad that she had no energy . she fell onto the floor and wept , while nobody could help her . 
dear , sir/madam
dear sir/madam
i am writing this letter to say my dissatisfaction of your entertament . 
i am writing this letter to express my dissatisfaction with your entertainment show . 
last week i was on holiday and i went to the circle theatre to see over the rainbow musical . i was really looking forward to seeing it , because i like musical and also i like danny brook . however , the reading actor was not him ! of course , i was so disappointed . the actor was not famous for his acting . 
last week i was on holiday and i went to the circle theatre to see over the rainbow , the musical . i was really looking forward to seeing it , because i like musicals and also i like danny brook . however , the leading actor was not him ! of course , i was so disappointed . the actor was not famous for his acting . 
also the musical did not start on time , it was late thirty minuts . we just sat on the seat and nothing to do . 
also the musical did not start on time . it was late thirty minutes thirty minutes late . we just sat on our seats with nothing to do . 
i was going to a restaurant with my friends after the musical , but the musical finished at ten thirty . it was too late and we could not have a dinner . if the musical had started on time , we could have eaten in the restaurant . 
i was going to a restaurant with my friends after the musical , but the musical finished at ten thirty . it was too late and we could not have dinner . if the musical had started on time , we could have eaten in the restaurant . 
fathermore , discounts was unavailable . even though we had a student card . in the advertisement they said that tickets discounts available . i think it a bombastic . anyway i was so unpleasement . it was not marvellous evening . could you back my money please ? you have responsoiblity for the audiences . 
furthermore , discounts were unavailable no discounts were available , even though we had a student card . in the advertisement they said that ticket discounts were available . i think it is a bombastic . anyway i was so unhappy . it was not a marvellous evening . could you return my money please ? you have a responsibility to the audiences . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours faithfully
yours faithfully
how has modern technology changed your daily life ? 
how has modern technology changed your daily life ? 
my life have been changed by technological improving . nowadays . we have so many technological things . for instance , tv , computers , telephone , air-conditionings . these things are very convinience on the other hand , there lots of disadvantage point . 
my life has been changed by technological improvements advances . nowadays , we have so many technological things . for instance , tv , computers , telephones , air conditioners . these things are very convenience convenient ; on the other hand , there are lots of disadvantage points disadvantages . 
i have my own tv in my room and i enjoy watching tv everyday . however , i need balance . if i watch tv too much i might not speak to my family often . it will lack of communication . in addition , it is difficult turn it off . i think i should cut down watching tv . sometimes it waste of time . 
i have my own tv in my room and i enjoy watching tv every day . however , i need balance . if i watch tv too much i might not speak to my family very often . it will lack of communication . in addition , it is difficult to turn it off . i think i should cut down on watching tv . sometimes it is a waste of time . 
what about computers ? it is very useful too . i am living in london , but my father lives in taiwan and my mother lives in tokyo . 
what about computers ? they are very useful too . i am living in london , but my father lives in taiwan and my mother lives in tokyo . 
i sometimes want to hear their voice on the telephone . unfourtunately it is not so cheap . if i use e-mail much easier and cheaper . and i can send e-mail anytime . 
i sometimes want to hear their voice on the telephone . unfortunately it is not so cheap . if i use e-mail it is much easier and cheaper . and i can send e-mail anytime . 
if i addicted on internet , it will be problem . i do not want to spend much time with computers . 
if i were addicted to the internet , it would be a problem . i do not want to spend much time on computers . 
in conclusion . people include me need balance . we must be good at using computers . 
in conclusion , people , including me , need balance . we must be good at using computers . 
dear sir or madam , 
dear sir or madam , 
i am writing to complain about the musical show , over the rainbow , and also about the servic . 
i am writing to complain about the musical , over the rainbow , and also about the service . 
when i went to london , during my holiday , i decided to go to the theatre to see a musical show , over the rainbow . 
when i went to london , during my holiday , i decided to go to the theatre to see a musical , over the rainbow . 
during and also after the show lots of disappointing thing turned up . 
during and also after the show lots of disappointing things happened . 
firstly , it was not danny brook and tina truelove who acted , it was someone else . 
firstly , it was not danny brook and tina truelove who acted , it was someone else . 
sacondly , in your advertisement i read " times 14 . 30 and 19 . 30 " . in fact the show started 20:15
secondly , in your advertisement i had read " times 14 . 30 and 19 . 30 " . in fact the show started at 20:15
thirdly , i also read " visit our theatre restaurant after the show " , but the restaurant was closed because of painting . 
thirdly , i also read " visit our theatre restaurant after the show " , but the restaurant was closed because it was being painted . 
last but not least , it also says " discounts available " , but there was not any staff there who could do it . 
last but not least , it also said " discounts available " , but there were not any staff there who could provide them . 
so i am sure that you will understand why i feel so frustrated and disappointed about the whole thing . 
so i am sure that you will understand why i feel so frustrated and disappointed about the whole thing . 
i look farward to hearing from you in the very near future , to offer me the money back . 
i look forward to hearing from you in the very near future , to offer me my money back . 
yours faithfully
yours faithfully
maris svensson
maris svensson
" unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . " i was reading when i suddenly hard a big bang . i looked out through the window and saw a big strange " thing " . it looked like a floating potato , a brown potato . after that a being climed out from the potato . it looked at me and said . 
" unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . " i was reading when i suddenly heard a big bang . i looked out through the window and saw a big strange " thing " . it looked like a floating potato , a brown potato . after that a being climbed out of the potato . it looked at me and said . 
" i am hear to help you . i only need to touch your teacher and you never need to do any homework again . " 
" i am here to help you . i only need to touch your teacher and you never need to do any homework again . " 
i could not belive my ears . it was the happiest moment of my life . 
i could not believe my ears . it was the happiest moment of my life . 
i went back to my chair and when i looked up i saw my main-teacher walking through the door with the being after him . the being moved its hand farward and . . . . . 
i went back to my chair and when i looked up i saw my head teacher walking through the door with the being behind him . the being moved its hand forward and . . . . . 
then i felt a big pain in my head and heard " you can't sleep in the lesson " . i looked up and saw my friend with the coursebook in her hand . immediantely after i heard " and don't forget your homework " . i looked at the book and read:
then i felt a big pain in my head and heard , " you can't sleep in the lesson " . i looked up and saw my friend with the course book in her hand . immediately after i heard , " and don't forget your homework " . i looked at the book and read:
" unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets " 
" unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets " 
to the manager , 
to the manager , 
lately , i had the oportunity to go to yours circle theatre event . unfortunatly i never thought it could be so dissapointing . it started when i received the advertisement on the street . according to that , i thought i'd have a wonderful night . 
recently , i had the opportunity to go to your circle theatre event . unfortunately i never thought it could be so disappointing . it started when i received the advertisement on the street . because of that , i thought i'd have a wonderful night . 
the first problem happened at the box office because there were abosolutly no discounts available . well , i bought a the ticket anyway . the show supposed to start at 19:30 but it actually started forty five minutes after it . when the show began had my biggest disappoint , instead of the great danny brook , there were another actor , totally unknown . after the show i was so nervous about the whole thing that i decided to eat at the restaurant and try to relax a little . from my surprise , it was closed . 
the first problem happened at the box office because there were absolutely no discounts available . well , i bought a ticket anyway . the show was supposed to start at 19:30 but it actually started forty-five minutes late . when the show began i had my biggest disappointment , instead of the great danny brook , there was another actor , totally unknown . after the show i was so irritated about the whole thing that i decided to eat at the restaurant and try to relax a little . to my surprise , it was closed . 
according to all this , what was supposed to be one of my best nights turned out to be definatly one of the worsts . i'd like so , to reiceve my money back . 
because of all this , what was supposed to be one of my best nights turned out to be definitely one of the worst . so i'd like to receive have my money back . 
yours faithfully , 
yours faithfully , 
techology is always getting better . and it is responsable for many changes in my life , and i think i wouldn't be able to live without it anymore . 
technology is always getting better . and it is responsible for many changes in my life , and i think i wouldn't be able to live without it anymore . 
nowaday , with internet it had became easier to do the school works and i also like to chat with other people or maybe read the latest news about my favorite football team . i also got recently a celular phone and i don't now i lived so long without one - because it help to solve the problems so quickly , it's really amazing . but for me , the best thing is definatly the microwaver . and there is a quite good reason for it . i live alone , so i have to cook my own food , and i'm the worst cooker in the whole world . 
nowadays , with the internet it has become easier to do school work and i also like to chat with other people or maybe read the latest news about my favourite football team . i also recently got a cellular phone and i don't know how i lived so long without one - because it helps to solve problems so quickly , it's really amazing . but for me , the best thing is definitely the microwave . and there is quite a good reason for that . i live alone , so i have to cook my own food , and i'm the worst cook in the whole world . 
there are some of the modern techonologys that most help me but there are some others which are also very important for me . 
there are some of the devices of modern technologies modern technology that most help me but there are some others which are also very important for me . 
dear sir or madam
dear sir or madam
i am writing with regards to the musical show 'over the rainbow' and i am going to complaining about it . 
i am writing with regards to the musical show 'over the rainbow' and i am going to complain about it . 
i saw it last friday and it was disappointing me because the actor was not the same man as the advertisement ad i had expected to see him so i couldn't enjoy myself at all . secondly , it didn't start at seven thirty . i don't know if there was some problems but i had to wait for forty-five minutes . i could not believe it ! 
i saw it last friday and it disappointed me because the actor was not the same man as shown in the advertisement . i had expected to see him so i couldn't enjoy myself at all . secondly , it didn't start at seven thirty . i don't know if there were any problems but i had to wait for forty-five minutes . i could not believe it ! 
in addition to this , i could not get a cheaper ticket so i wonder why the advertisement mentioned about the reduction tickets . 
in addition to this , i could not get a cheaper ticket so i wonder why the advertisement mentioned the discount on tickets . 
moreover , despite there were some restaurants in the theatre , they had already closed because it was too late , i wanted to have a coffee but i could not . 
moreover , despite there being some restaurants in the theatre , they had already closed because it was too late . i wanted to have a coffee but i could not . 
i should not have gone to see the musical . i do not want to think you told a lie but i felt to waste my time and money . i would like to refund all the money and i recommend to thinking about the advertisement . i hope you understand me and the show is going to be succeeded . 
i should not have gone to see the musical . i do not want to think you told a lie but i felt it was wasting my time and money . i would like you to refund all the money and i recommend thinking about the advertisement . i hope you understand me and the show is going to be successful . 
thank you for your time and i am looking forward to hearing from you soon . 
thank you for your time and i am looking forward to hearing from you soon . 
yours faithfully , 
yours faithfully , 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets and because of her nasty habit , i lost my best friend and boyfriend at the same time . 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets and because of her nasty habit , i lost my best friend and boyfriend at the same time . 
she was one of my friends and i couldn't trust her at all because she was a truble maker . one year ago , i had a boyfriend and he was a perfect man for me . i was happy at that time and i met with him almost every day . i believed that i get married to him although my happiness didn't last . 
she was one of my friends and i couldn't trust her at all because she was a trouble maker troublemaker . one year ago , i had a boyfriend and he was the perfect man for me . i was happy at that time and i met up with him almost every day . i believed that i would get married to him but my happiness didn't last . 
one day , pat gave me a ring and she told me that my best friend was going out with my boyfriend in secret . 
one day , pat gave me a ring and she told me that my best friend was going out with my boyfriend in secret . 
i couldn't believe her because my best friend was a boy ! i was too shocked to eat anything . i tried to avoid thinking about it but i couldn't . i dared to ask him and he told me his truth . it was true ! i shouldn't have asked him ! 
i couldn't believe her because my best friend was a boy ! i was too shocked to eat anything . i tried to avoid thinking about it but i couldn't . i dared to ask him and he told me the truth . it was true ! i shouldn't have asked him ! 
and then i asked him to split up with my best friend but to make matters worse , he chose my best friend ! if i didn't hear from pat anything , i could have got married him . i couldn't do anything and two month later , my boyfriend got married to my best friend . i felt sad and miserable . 
and then i asked him to split up with my best friend but to make matters worse , he chose my best friend ! if i hadn't heard anything from pat , i could have got married to him . i couldn't do anything and two months later , my boyfriend got married to my best friend . i felt sad and miserable . 
i'm writting this letter because two weeks ago i was in london and i went to the theatre to see your musical show . and for seeing it my family had a very disappointing evening and so did i for it you can read below my point of view about it . 
i'm writing this letter because two weeks ago i was in london and i went to the theatre to see your musical show . and through seeing it my family had a very disappointing evening and so did i . you can read below my point of view regarding this . 
first of all , we couldn't see the famous actor " danny brook " becaus he was ill . i think that only for it the musical show had to have being canceled . 
first of all , we couldn't see the famous actor " danny brook " because he was ill . i think that alone for this the musical show should have been cancelled the musical show should have been cancelled for this alone . 
on the other hand we thought to visit the theatre restaurant but it was closed because the musical show didn't begin at 19:30 as we could read in the advertisement it began at 20:15 . 
on the other hand we thought of visiting the theatre restaurant but it was closed because the show didn't begin at 19:30 , as we had read in the advertisement , it began at 20:15 . 
in conclusion after of all these mistakes that happened in your show i ask for all my money must be returned to me . 
in conclusion , after of all these mistakes that happened in your theatre i ask for all my money to be returned to me . 
please get in contact with me as soon as possible . 
please get in contact with me as soon as possible . 
yours faithfully
yours faithfully
nowdays the majority of people have a computer in their home and sometimes we wonder ourselves how will modern technology change our daily life . 
nowadays the majority of people have a computer in their home and sometimes we ask ourselves if modern technology will change our daily life . 
from my point of view the answer is obviously " yes " . from our home we can use it for doing a lot of things like to buy food; to work , to read newspapers and many more things . 
from my point of view the answer is obviously " yes " . from our home we can use it for doing a lot of things like buying food; working , reading newspapers and many more things . 
although it may be bad because we needn't to go out for doing the main things and for it we don't know new people and with the time we have less contact with the people . 
although it may be bad because we needn't go out to do important things and because of it we don't meet new people and we have less contact with people . 
in conclusion i think that the modern technology would be better if we knew how it must be used to . 
in conclusion i think that modern technology would be better if we knew how it ought to be used . 
dear mrs/mis 
dear sir/madam 
last night i went to your theatre to see the musical show " over the rainbow " and i would like to tell you that it wasn't what i expected to see . 
last night i went to your theatre to see the musical show " over the rainbow " and i would like to tell you that it wasn't what i expected to see . 
actually this happened because the most things i saw were differend from what the advertisement had been written . 
actually this was because most things i saw were different from what the advertisement wrote said . 
first of all it had been written that danny brook and tina truelove were starring , but danny wasn't there and somebody else took his place . this was the most disappointing thing i herd . 
first of all it wrote said that danny brook and tina truelove were starring , but danny wasn't there and somebody else took his place . this was the most disappointing thing i heard . 
also you wrote that the show it was going to start at 19:30 but it started at 20:15 . you ought to know that all the people hated to wait and started the complains . 
also you said that the show was going to start at 19:30 but it started at 20:15 . you ought to know that all the people hated waiting and started to make complaints . 
the discounts weren't available and your theatre restaurant wasn't open , because the owners were for holidays . 
the discounts weren't available and your theatre restaurant wasn't open because the owners were on holiday . 
at last you wrote that it was our perfect evening out , but like i said before it wasn't . actually it was terrible and i would like to have my money back . 
finally you said that it would be our perfect evening out , but like i said before , it wasn't . actually it was terrible and i would like to have my money back . 
i am looking forward to taking your answer 
i am looking forward to receiving your reply . 
yours senciarly 
yours sincerely faithfully 
unfortunatly , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . after we had had an argument she told all the school my secrets . she had really let me down . 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . after we had had an argument she told all the school my secrets . she really let me down . 
i met her before a year and from the first time we talk to each other we became friends . it took us a few time to became best friend and after that we were always together . every day after school she went to my house or i went to hers . 
i had met her a year before and from the first time we talked to each other we were friends . it took us a little time to become best friends and after that we were always together . every day after school she came to my house or i went to hers . 
always we were laughing and having great time . i loved her a lot and i thought she felt the same about me , but i had wrong . anyway , always i trust her my secrets , because i was sure she wouldn't tell them to other people , even if some say we would be apart . but i was wrong again . 
we were always laughing and having a great time . i loved her a lot and i thought she felt the same about me , but i was wrong . anyway , i always trusted her with my secrets , because i was sure she wouldn't tell them to other people , even if some day we would be apart . but i was wrong again . 
one day , we went to a party , where she met some of the most pobular girls in the school . she started to act like them and speak like them . when i told her , she became very angry . and she left without saying nothing . after when i saw her , she laught at me and the next day all the school knew everything about me . i started to cry but later i got over it 
one day , we went to a party , where she met some of the most popular girls in the school . she started to act like them and speak like them . when i told her , she became very angry and she left without saying anything . afterwards , when i saw her , she laughed at me and the next day all the school knew everything about me . i started to cry but later i got over it . 
now the only thing i care is that she couldn't keep secrets and all the school is looking down on me . 
now the only thing i care about is that she couldn't keep secrets and all the school is looking down on me . 
dear sir or madam 
dear sir or madam 
for weeks i've been planing to go to this threatre with some close relatives and friends but the problems that we had made this perfect night a disaster has all of us . 
for weeks i'd been planning to go to the theatre with some close relatives and friends but the problems that we had made this perfect night a disaster for all of us . 
to begin with on your advertisment you say that danny brooks will be starring the show but instead their was a different actor which made us very disappointed . another thing that is written on the advertisment is that the night show will start at 7:30 but instead of that their was forty five minute delay the crowded got really upset and we were going to leave with the first chanse we had 
to begin with , in your advertisement you say that danny brooks will be starring in the show but instead there was a different actor , which made us very disappointed . another thing that is said in the advertisement is that the evening show will start at 7:30 but there was a forty-five minute delay . the crowd got really upset and we were going to leave at the first chance we got . 
to make matters worse the restaurant of the theatre was closed . you can understand how that made me feel , and when the tickets had no discount 
to make matters worse , the theatre's restaurant was closed . you can understand how that made me feel , and also there was no discount on the tickets . 
to top of it all , this wasn't the perfect evening out . it was the worst night of my life . so i expect nothing less than a full refund of the money i paid to see this so called show . if you don't do as i say an article in the biggest newspaper will deffenetly change your ming 
to top it all in the end , this wasn't the perfect evening out . it was the worst night of my life . so i expect nothing less than a full refund of the money i paid to see this so-called show . if you don't do as i say , an article in the biggest newspaper will definitely change your mind . 
yours sincerely 
yours faithfully 
what are going to look the clothes in a century from now ? are they going to be the same , are they going to have colours , are men going to wear long skirts and women boxershorts ? this is something that has trabled many people , especially those who work in the fashion industry . 
what are going to look clothes clothes going to look like a century from now ? are they going to be the same , are they going to be colourful , are men going to wear long skirts and women boxer shorts ? this is something that has troubled many people , especially those who work in the fashion industry . 
fashion has made a big progress since the ealary beggining of the world . the variety of new fabrics , colours and quality , make new fashions statements every day . although the clothes are getting more and more smaller . in the early 90s it was in fashing the women to wear only skirts . long ones actually and men to wear trousers . in the sixties people worn clothes with flowers , big glasses , jeans , and men should have had long painted hair . nowdays women were really short skirts , short t-shirts , short tops , and cut their hair short just like men . boys pearce their bodys just like girls do . and the other way around . if this continues the two lives will turn the one to the other and soon men will wear skirts . clothes will get smaller ( ; practically people won't be wearing any clothes ) people will were extreme . clothes which will be really lanky . people will wear all those clothes that expensive designers designe but nowone wears them . 
fashion has made great progress since the early beginning of the world days . the variety of new fabrics , their colours and quality , make new fashion statements every day . and the clothes are getting smaller and smaller . in the early 90s it was in fashion for women to wear only skirts , long ones actually , and for men to wear trousers . in the sixties , people wore clothes with flowers , big glasses , and jeans , and men had long painted hair . nowadays women wore wear really short skirts , short t-shirts , short tops , and cut their hair short just like men . boys pierce their bodies just like girls do and vice versa . if this continues , the two lives will turn the one to the other and soon men will wear skirts . clothes will get smaller ( people will be wearing practically no clothes ) . people will wore wear extreme clothes which will be really lanky . people will wear all those clothes that expensive designers design but no one wears . 
dear sir/madam , 
dear sir/madam , 
i take the dissision to write to you because i would like to complaine about the theatre . i write to you because last night i expected to pass a wonderful evening and unfortunatly i was disappointing a lote . 
i took the decision to write to you because i would like to complain about your theatre . i am writing to you because last night i expected to have a wonderful evening and unfortunately i was disappointed a lot very very disappointed . 
me and some athers friends we disided to went to the theatre to see the musical show . we are saw excitment . we are in holidays and we desited to came . we never went in musical show and we thing that was nowe oportunite . 
i and some other friends decided to go to the theatre to see a musical show . we were so excitement excited . we are on holiday and we decided to come go . we had never been to a musical show and we think thought that it was a new opportunity . 
the title of the musical show was over the rainbow the actors was 2 actors that i can say they play very well . i believe that some ather actors mabe made the hole store to be more interesting . you had to times that you can people go . the first was very early at 2:30 and the ather at 7:30 . we went at 7:30 finally the musical show stard at 8:15 . we wate one hour . i can say that i want to go . but i stay finally . when we went to bay the tickets there no discounts and we are 6 people all . 
the title of the musical show was over the rainbow . the actors were 2 actors that i know are good . i believe that some other actors maybe made the whole story more interesting . you had two times that you could go . the first was very early , at 2:30 , and the other at 7:30 . we went at 7:30 . finally the musical show started at 8:15 . we wait waited one hour . i can say that i wanted to go , but i stayed in the end . when we went to pay for the tickets there were no discounts and we were 6 people in all . 
when the show finished we went to the restaurant and was closed because the people who whork ther they don't wark if they don't pay first . 
when the show finished , we went to the restaurant and it was closed because the people who work there don't work if they don't get their pay first . 
i dissapointing so mush because all went wrong that night . my and my friends we were abrisled if you gave us some of the many we pay . i would expected your answer 
i was disappointing disappointed so so disappointed much because everything went wrong that night . me i and my friends would be obliged if you would give us back some of the money we paid . i expect look forward to your answer . 
your sincerely , 
yours faithfully , 
we are in the 2000 year . people past 1000 years from the day that excisted in the earth . humans past many things throu the years made posipole many things . they invended so many things that made the life more interesting and more ezier . 
we are in the year 2000 . people past 1000 years from the day that excisted on earth . humans have done many things through through the years and made possible many things many things possible . they invented have invented so many things that have made life more interesting and more easier easier . 
now we are in a 20th centure were people went to the moun and discavered madesons aboute siriale illneses , in that year i live too . i believe that i am lake that i belong to that centure . i couldn't ever thought my self to live same years before wear people don't travel with plains , ships and cars . 
now we are in the 20th century where in which people have been to the moon and discovered medicines about for serial serious illnesses . in that century i live i live in that century too . i believe that i am like that , i belong to that century . i couldn't ever think of myself living some years before where when people didn't travel by planes plane , ship and car . 
i believe the modern techonology can changed everyone especiale now with computer and all the athers machins . personally modern technology change me a lot . first i can say about the combuter . before i used same ather ways to take information or play or comunicate with people . now all this i can do it from the computer . i can spend so many ours because day by day i discavered new things . maby is not good because you don't have the oportunite to meed people and talk face by face exepted from computers we have telephone , t . v , gymnastick centers . all this are in my life . 
i believe modern technology has changed everyone , especially now with computers and all the other machines . personally , modern technology has changed me a lot . first i want to say to talk about the computer . before , i used some other ways to get information or play or communicate with people . now i can do all this with the computer . i can spend so many hours because day by day i discovered discover new things . maybe it is not good because you don't have the opportunity to meet people and talk face to face face-to-face . excepted apart from computers we have the telephone , tv , and gymnastic centres gyms . all of these are in my life . 
about the t . v . i ingoing spend many ours in t . v . it makes me to relaxe and stay same hours along . exactly happend and with telephone . 
about the tv , i spend many hours in front of the tv . it helps me to relax and spend some hours alone . exactly happened and with telephone . 
about the gymnastick centers . i found it very well that place have so many machines that you can eazy loose fat and made a wonderful body . in that places you can meet people . 
about the gymnastic centres gyms , i find like them very much . those places have so many machines that you can easy easily lose weight and make develop a wonderful body . in those places you can meet people . 
now if we made a conclution we can see or i can see that mapy i don't be so sociaple person bad i can do what ever i want and take what ever i want only throu the technology 
now , if we make a in conclusion we can see , or i can see , that maybe i am not a very sociable person but i can do whatever i want and take whatever i want only through technology . 
i can say that modern technology changed my life . 
i can say that modern technology has changed my life . 
dear sir/madam , 
dear sir/madam , 
i am writing to express my dissatisfaction about the musical show i had seen yesterday , called 'over the rainbow' . 
i am writing to express my dissatisfaction with the musical show i saw yesterday , called 'over the rainbow' . 
firstly , i was disapointed , because the actor danny brook did not appeared in the show . then , another thing i would like to mention is that the time advertised was wrong , because the show started at 20:15 . 
firstly , i was disappointed , because the actor danny brook did not appear in the show . then , another thing i would like to mention is that the time advertised was wrong , because the show started at 20:15 . 
another thing is that there were discounts on the price of the tickets , and i did not have any discount . it also puts that there was a restaurant to eat in after the show , but it was closed because it was not completely built . 
another thing is that there were discounts on the price of the tickets , and i did not get any discount . it also states that there was a restaurant to eat in after the show , but it was closed because it was not completely built . 
finally , i would like to know why would have a perfect evening , because i did not have one , so i would like to have my money back . 
finally , i would like to know why would have a perfect evening , because i did not have one , so i would like to have my money back . 
i look forward to hearing from you in the very near future . 
i look forward to hearing from you in the very near future . 
yours faithfully , 
yours faithfully , 
juan almo dali
juan almo dali
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . one day , when peter and pat were alone in class , he confessed her that he was gay . she got very surprised when pat told her that he was gay . 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . one day , when peter and pat were alone in class , he confessed to her that he was gay . she was very surprised when pat told her that he was gay . 
during the week pat and peter talked about the problem he had and the consequences that will occured if he told it to his parents . on saturday peter , pat and some other friends went to the cinema . when they saw the film , katy and john approached to peter and told him that they will continue being his friends . 
during the week pat and peter talked about the problem he had and the consequences that would occurred follow if he told his parents about it . on saturday peter , pat and some other friends went to the cinema . when they were watching the film , katy and john approached peter and told him that they would continue being his friends . 
peter got very angry and told pat why did they say that to him . pat did not answer to him . the next day all the school knew that peter was gay and even though he didn't mind what happened he didn't talked with pat no more in his life . 
peter got very angry and asked pat why had they they had said that to him . pat did not answer him . the next day all the school knew that peter was gay and even though he didn't mind what had happened he didn't talk to pat again in his life . 
dear sir/madam
dear sir/madam
i am writting to complain about what it says in the advertisement is not true . i was really disappointed . here are the following points , which i do not think that you have realised what you have put down . 
i am writing to complain about what it says in the advertisement is not true . i was really disappointed . here are the following points , which i do not think that you have realised what you have put down . 
1 the advertisement says the show starts at 19:30 . unfortunately it started at 20:15 . and i think i could find something worth to do than just writing , doing nothing during this spare time . 
1 the advertisement says the show starts at 19:30 . unfortunately it started at 20:15 . and i think i could find something more worthwhile to do than just waiting , doing nothing during this spare time . 
2 i was expected that there would be discount available for people who have student card as it says in the notice , but there was not . 
2 i had expected that there would be discounts available for people who have student cards as it says in the advertisement , but there was not . 
3 you recommend that there will be the resturant after the show . however all i can see , the light was off and the door was locked . this is because they are rebuilding it again . 
3 you recommended that there would be the restaurant after the show . however , all i could see was that the light was off and the door was locked . this is because they are rebuilding it again . 
4 i have also thought in the show there was no different actor . 
4 i had also thought in the show there was a different actor . 
5 never the less , i took my headmistress with me and i have recommened how wonderful this show was going to be . 
5 anyway , i took my headmistress with me and i had recommended stated how wonderful this show was going to be . 
it would be greatful if you consider to return my money for the tickets back as soon as possible . i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
it would be great if you considered returning my money as soon as possible . i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
your faithfully . 
yours faithfully . 
sapawadee prisuntha . 
sapawadee prisuntha . 
fashion of the future - f . o . f . -
fashion of the future - f . o . f . -
these 3 f could tell you whether you are up-to-date . the first thing for fashion what is called " clothing " or what they wear . 
these 3 fs can tell you whether you are up-to-date . the first thing for fashion what is called " clothing " or what they wear . 
1st " f " is from " fast-food " , something fast and easy to be spotted , which is ancient wearing style . this is not nomally what people wear everyday . 
the 1st " f " is for " fast food " , something fast and easy to be spotted , which is an ancient wearing style . this is not normally what people wear every day . 
2nd f is ' fulfill ' wear ever you have under your mom's cupboard . for example long baggy troossers , which cover your bright brick shoes . wherever you go every one would love you because of your troussers , would clean all the rubbish that are on the road . 3rd " f " could not be anything else apart from something that could make you look " fool " . having holes all around your body ( including unsuitable place ) , which could make you look like an animal such as having a big metal ring in your nose etc . 
the 2nd f is ' fulfil ' wear ever you have in your mom's cupboard . for example long baggy trousers , which cover your bright brick shoes . wherever you go everyone would love you because of your trousers , which would clean away all the rubbish that is on the road . the 3rd " f " could not be anything else apart from something that could make you look " foolish " : having holes all over your body ( including unsuitable places ) , or something which could make you look like an animal such as having a big metal ring in your nose etc . 
if it is not these 3f booming in 100 years from now , so what else could you think of ? 
if it is not these 3f booming in 100 years from now , so what else could you think of ? 
dear sir , 
dear sir , 
i believe that you must be the manager and i would like to point some complaints of mine about the play " over the rainbow " 
i believe that you must be the manager and i would like to make some complaints about the play " over the rainbow " . 
firstly , in the advertisement you said that dany brook was going to be starring in the play , but you've placed another actor in his place , which was very disappointing . moreover , the theatre's play was expected to start at half past seven in the afternoon , however it started at quarter past eight ! we had to wait all that time without someone to explain us the reason for this delay . 
firstly , in the advertisement you said that dany brook was going to be starring in the play , but you've put you put another actor in his place , which was very disappointing . moreover , the play was expected to start at half past seven in the evening , however it started at quarter past eight ! we had to wait all that time without anyone explaining to us the reason for this delay . 
to make matters worse , your theatre restaurant was closed and one of your assistants said that it was being under construction for the expansion of that place . 
to make matters worse , your theatre restaurant was closed and one of your assistants said that it was being under construction for the expansion of that place . 
this so-called " perfect evening " was so disappointing as well as discouraging of coming to your circle theatre again . 
this so-called " perfect evening " was very disappointing as well as discouraging us from going to the circle theatre again . 
after all i've been through , i would like a refund of my money . thank you for your interest . 
after all i've been through , i would like a refund of my money . thank you for your interest . 
sincerely yours , 
sincerely yours , 
nowadays , the technology has expanded its " legs " to almost every part of our interests , jobs and even hobbies . therefore , our life has changed a lot since a hundred years ago , as well as mine did . 
nowadays , technology has extended its reach to almost every area of our interests , jobs and even hobbies . therefore , life has changed a lot since a hundred years ago , and my life has changed too . 
the biggest achievement of modern technology has broken into my house as soon as i was at the age of ten . this achievement is the personal computer , which has grown very fast , because of the help it can provide . my computer helps me in my studies , homeworks and projects for school . with the internet , i got more socialised using the relay chat clients , but also got a kind of boredom , which is known as " internet freak disease " ! i use it a lot so sometimes i feel pain in my eyes or my hands . 
the biggest achievement of modern technology broke came into my house as soon as i reached the age of ten . this achievement is the personal computer , which has grown very fast because of the help it can provide . my computer helps me with my studies , homework and projects for school . with the internet , i became more sociable using the relay chat clients , but also developed a kind of boredom , which is known as " internet freak disease " ! i use it a lot , so sometimes i feel pain in my eyes or my hands . 
moreover , fishing was affected by the modern technology . fishing is my hobby and that's why i bought these plastic worms and fish , that are not so good - it's better to use alive worms ! 
moreover , fishing has been affected by modern technology . fishing is my hobby and that's why i bought plastic worms and fish that are not so good - it's better to use live worms ! 
to sum up , my life is surrounded by modern gadgets . sometimes these gadgets are for the best and - more often - for the worst ! ! it only depends of your judgement and the way you're about to use technology . 
to sum up , my life is surrounded by modern gadgets . sometimes these gadgets are for the best and - more often - for the worst ! ! it just depends on your judgement and the way you plan to use technology . 
dear sir/madam . 
dear sir/madam . 
i'm writing to complain about the theatre show you did last week because there were too many irregularities during the show . 
i'm writing to complain about the theatre show you put on last week because there were too many irregularities during the show . 
firstly , the guests stars who were supposed to play were different and very disappointing because they stopped the show twice . secondly , the show started 45 minutes late when it was supposed to start at 19:30 and anyone explained to us , the public , what was happening . 
firstly , the guest stars who were supposed to perform were different from the ones advertised and very disappointing because they stopped the show twice . secondly , the show started 45 minutes late when it was supposed to start at 19:30 and no one explained to us , the audience , what was happening . 
to make matters worse when we bought the tickets , they were too much expensive and there weren't any discounts for young people or for groups . but the worst happened when the show finished , because we ( my girlfriend and i ) were hungry and the theatre restaurant was closed . 
to make matters worse when we bought the tickets they were much too expensive and there weren't any discounts for young people or for groups . but the worst happened when the show finished , because we ( my girlfriend and i ) were hungry and the theatre restaurant was closed . 
maybe , this was the worst show i have ever seen and for this i'll wait for the refund . 
maybe , this was the worst show i have ever seen and for this reason i'll wait for a refund . 
your's faithfully . 
yours faithfully . 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets so we couldn't explain her what happened that night . jon had crashed with pat's boyfriend car and he told her that someone had kicked the car with a metal stick . 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets so we couldn't tell her what happened that night . jon had crashed pat's boyfriend's car and he told her that someone had hit the car with a metal stick . 
pat's boyfriend couldn't believe that story but pat trusted in jon and she thinked that he was honest . however , jon felt very disappointed and he told the truth . 
pat's boyfriend couldn't believe that story but pat trusted jon and she thought that he was honest . however , jon felt very disappointed and he told the truth . 
at the beggining they didn't talk to each other but yesterday they both took part in a radio programme and she forgave him . 
in the beginning at first they didn't talk to each other but yesterday they both took part in a radio programme and she forgave him . 
now pat is angry with us because we didn't explain her what happened that night , and because she has left her boyfriend . it could be worse than it was and for this we are happy , but now we can't hide anything to her . 
now pat is angry with us because we didn't tell her what happened that night , and because she has left her boyfriend . it could have been worse than it was and for this we are happy , but now we can't hide anything from her . 
dear manager of the circle theatre
dear manager of the circle theatre
last sanday my friends and i saw that advertisement about the theatre you were supposed to present . we thought that it was a good chance for us to watch it . 
last sunday my friends and i saw that advertisement about the play you were supposed to put on . we thought that it was a good chance for us to watch it . 
" over the rainbow " was supposed to start at seven thirty . we went there on time . we waited ther for forty five minutes for it to start ! we couldn't believe it . we really got bored as all the other peaple there . 
" over the rainbow " was supposed to start at seven thirty . we went there on time . we waited there for forty-five minutes for it to start ! we couldn't believe it . we really got bored , like all the other people there . 
we were very disappointed because before this happened we pouded the tickets but there were no discounts available . and then delate forty five minuites to present the show . 
we were very disappointed because before this happened we pouded the tickets but there were no discounts available . and then delate forty-five minutes to present the show . 
then we expected to , see danny brook and tina truelove . we did see tina truelove but we did not see danny brook . that was very disapponted . 
then we expected to see danny brook and tina truelove . we did see tina truelove but we did not see danny brook . that was very disappointed disappointing . 
fortunately the show finished . we decided to visit the theatre restaurant . but it was closed ! ! that was bad organized evening we thought . when we asked why was it closed the people there told us that they did not organized it before 
fortunately the show finished . we decided to visit the theatre restaurant . but it was closed ! ! that was a badly organized evening , we thought . when we asked why it was closed , the people there told us that they did not organise it before . 
i must admit that , that evening wasn't the perfect one out for me but i and for my friends either . it was the worst evening that we all ever had . my friends and i demand our money bacck real soon . and please do not be very suprised if you recieve more letters about this 
i must admit that that evening wasn't the perfect one for me but i and for my friends either . it was the worst evening that we all had ever had . my friends and i demand our money back very soon . and please do not be very surprised if you receive more letters about this . 
unfortunately ; pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . i did a big mistake by trusting him . what a fool was i . 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . i made a big mistake by trusting him . what a fool i was . 
last wednesday my sister told me that our grandmother had a serious illness and she was going to die . she told me to tell none . we didn't want out grand-mother to find it out at that moment so we was trying to keep it secret . 
last wednesday my sister told me that our grandmother had a serious illness and she was going to die . she told me to tell no one . we didn't want our grandmother to find out at that moment so we were trying to keep it secret . 
i knew pat , my cousin , loved our grandmother very much . she and pat had a special relationship . despite the fact that i had to tell nothing i thought it was right to tell pat the truth . after a lot of thought i told it to him . 
i knew pat , my cousin , loved our grandmother very much . she and pat had a special relationship . despite the fact that i had to say nothing , i thought it was right to tell pat the truth . after a lot of thought i told him . 
pat started screaming and shouting . i knew he couldn't stand it . but i was sure he would tell nothing . i was wrong . he told me that he had to tell it to my grandmother . i couldn't do anything . 
pat started screaming and shouting . i knew he couldn't stand it . but i was sure he would say nothing . i was wrong . he told me that he had to tell my grandmother . i couldn't do anything . 
just as pat left my house he went right away to the hospital . he found her there . and the worst happened . 
when pat left my house he went right away to the hospital . he found her there . and the worst happened . 
my grandmother was very sensitive and bored life and when she heart it her condition became more serious . 
my grandmother was very sensitive and bored with life and when she heard it , her condition became more serious . 
after two days she died . pat my sister and i felt very rensposible . but there was nothing we could do . we knew we had lost her for ever . 
after two days she died . pat , my sister and i felt very responsible . but there was nothing we could do . we knew we had lost her for ever . 
mr. jones , 
dear mr. jones , 
how are you ? i'm not so well , and that's the reason why i'm writting this letter to you . 
how are you ? i'm not so well , and that's the reason why i'm writing this letter to you . 
because you are the manager at the theatre , you have to know , the problems which it has . 
because you are the manager of the theatre , you have to know about the problems which it has . 
first of all and the most important for me is that you lie to your audience . i didn't see anywhere danny brook , but another actor . that it was a big mistake . unfortunatly your advertisment said that the show starts at 19:30 but it started 45 minutes later . also there weren't any discounts . 
first of all , and the most important for me , is that you lie to your audience . i didn't see danny brook anywhere , but another actor . that was a big mistake . unfortunately your advertisement said that the show starts at 19:30 but it started 45 minutes later . also there weren't any discounts . 
oh ! i as almost forget . you restaurant was closed because your cooker was ill . what can you say about that ? 
oh ! i almost forgot . your restaurant was closed because your chef was ill . what can you say about that ? 
so , that's why i'm asking you to give me , some of money back . the perfect evening out i was waiting for , it was finally one of the most disappointed , of mine . 
so , that's why i'm asking you to give me some of my money back . the perfect evening out i was expecting i was expecting the perfect evening out , it was in the end one of the most disappointing of my life . 
yours faithfully 
yours sincerely 
how has modern technology changed your daily life ? 
how has modern technology changed your daily life ? 
that's a good question ! i know that , each student gave its different answers , but some of us will have some opinions . 
that's a good question ! i know that each student will give a different answer , but some of us will have some opinions . 
i think that , the big ' improve ' of technology the last 30 years helped and still helping us a lot in our daily life . with t . v we can learn , what is going on all over the world . with the telephones , the aeroplanes , even the fast ships there are no big distances any more . 
i think that the big improvement development of technology in the last 30 years has helped and is still helping us a lot in our daily life . with tv we can learn what is going on all over the world . with telephones , aeroplanes , and even fast ships , there are no big distances any more . 
eve summer i'm going with my family abroad . we can see new countries , learn about their history etc . with my computer ( internet ) i can speak with my friends , as far they are . 
every summer i go abroad with my family . we can see new countries , learn about their history etc . with my computer ( and the internet ) i can speak to my friends wherever they are . 
all these may be sounds great , but they aren't all . with a lot of using of t . v and computer , make people more close . you might not know your neighbour because all the time your in the house . children are not studying as much they have to , because they are watching t . v , speacing on the phone or even playing computer games . 
all this may sound great , but it isn't all . using the tv and computer makes people more closed . you might not know your neighbour because all the time you are in the house you are in the house all the time . children are not studying as much as they ought to , because they are watching tv , speaking talking on the phone or even playing computer games . 
that's why my marks this year were bit low . and ofcourse my parents were very angry with me . this is also another reason of heard attacts . 
that's why my marks this year were a bit low . and of course my parents were very angry with me . this is also another cause of heart attacks . 
dear sir , or madam , 
dear sir , or madam , 
your advertisement for the musical show , over the rainbow , said it was london's newest and best musical show , i agree with that because it is a wonderfull show but , it said that danny brook would be starring in it . i was really excited , but it turned out to be a different actor and i thought that was quite disappointing . 
your advertisement for the musical over the rainbow said it was london's newest and best musical show . i agree with that because it is a wonderful show but it said that danny brook would be starring in it . i was really excited , but it turned out to be a different actor and i thought that was quite disappointing . 
the show started at 20:15 when it actually should have started at 19:30 . while i was waiting i thought i should inform myself about the discounts available , the shocking thing was there weren't any ! 
the show started at 20:15 when it actually should have started at 19:30 . while i was waiting i thought i should inform myself about the discounts available . the shocking thing was there weren't any ! 
on the advertisment it also said , you could visit our restaurant after the show , and that is what i did , but when i got there it was shut for no reason . 
in the advertisement it also said you could visit your restaurant after the show , and that is what i did , but when i got there it was shut for no reason . 
what i'm trying to say is that this wasn't my perfect evening out and that i should get at least some money back ! 
what i'm trying to say is that this wasn't my perfect evening out and that i should get at least some money back ! 
yours faithfully , 
yours faithfully , 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . as we know , carla and pat were good friends so carlotta would tell pat anything . this time she told pat that she thought her dog , churls , was going to die . 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . as we know , carla and pat were good friends so carlotta would tell pat anything . this time she told pat that she thought her dog , churls , was going to die . 
pat couldn't resist herself and told her brother jacob , he was quite shocked about the news because , he missunderstood . he understood that 'carlotta wants to kill charles but she is still thinking about it . ' jacob runs as fast as sound to get to charles's house . there , jacob aproaches to him slowly and tells him . 
pat couldn't resist and told her brother jacob . he was quite shocked about the news because he misunderstood . he understood that 'carlotta wants to kill charles but she is still thinking about it . ' jacob runs as fast as sound to get to charles's house . there , jacob approaches him slowly and tells him . 
" charles , you can't be with carlotta anymore , she's evil . " jacob whispers
" charles , you can't be with carlotta anymore , she's evil , " jacob whispers
" what , you're crazy . " charles responds . 
" what , you're crazy ! " charles responds . 
" she said she was going to kill you ! " jacob shouts . 
" she said she was going to kill you ! " jacob shouts . 
" i'll talk to her . " charles exclaims . 
" i'll talk to her , " charles exclaims . 
when charles told carlotta what he knew , carlotta started crying . 
when charles told carlotta what he knew , carlotta started crying . 
it was all a missunderstanding . they managed to sort everything out and carlotta never had anymore secrets . 
it was all a misunderstanding . they managed to sort everything out and carlotta never had anymore secrets . 
dear sir: i am writing to you this letter because i would like you to know about a musical show which i went to see to the circle theatre . first of all , i wanted to see this musical 'over the rainbow' because the actor danny brook was acting in it . but when the musical started i got very disappointed because harry smythe , a not very famous actor , was acting instead of danny brook . then , the musical didn't start on time . it supposed to start at 19 . 30 pm in the evening but we had to wait for more than half an hour . all the people got very angry . also i bought a 20 ticket because in the advertisement for the show was put that discounts were available for 10 15 , 20 tickets . i couldn't have my ticket discounted because when i went to buy it they told me that was untrue . furthermore , in the advertisement was put that the theatre restaurant was opened but when we went there after the show , it was closed because the chief of the restaurant was ill . it was ridiculous ! in conclusion , i didn't have my perfect evening out , in other words , i had a very disappointing evening so i am asking you for my money back . i would like to have my money back in ten days , in the other case , i would have to sue you . i am looking forward to hearing from you . yours sincerely , 
dear sir: i am writing this letter to you because i would like you to know about a musical show which i went to see at the circle theatre . first of all , i wanted to see this musical 'over the rainbow' because the actor danny brook was acting in it . but when the musical started i became very disappointed because harry smythe , a not very famous actor , was acting instead of danny brook . then , the musical didn't start on time . it was supposed to start at 19 . 30 pm in the evening but we had to wait for more than half an hour . all the people got very angry . also i bought a 20 ticket because the advertisement for the show said that discounts were available for 10 15 , 20 tickets . i couldn't have my ticket discounted because when i went to buy it they told me that was untrue . furthermore , the advertisement said that the theatre restaurant was open but when we went there after the show , it was closed because the chef of the restaurant the restaurant chef was ill . it was ridiculous ! in conclusion , i didn't have my perfect evening out , in other words , i had a very disappointing evening so i am asking you for my money back . i would like to have my money back in ten days , otherwise , i will have to sue you . i am looking forward to hearing from you . yours sincerely , 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . i'm telling you this because i had a big trouble a few days ago because of her . 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . i'm telling you this because i had a big problem a few days ago because of her . 
pat used to be my best friend but a few days ago i knew all the truth . 
pat used to be my best friend but a few days ago i found out the truth . 
i used to tell pat everything about myself - my problems with my parents , my problems with the school , friends and more . i was always talking to her and she was always listening to me but she didn't talk to me very much about herself . at first , i thought it was a bit strange but i didn't care too much about that and i easily forgot it . in other words , pat knew all my secrets . 
i used to tell pat everything about myself - my problems with my parents , my problems with the school , friends and more . i was always talking to her and she was always listening to me but she didn't talk to me very much about herself . at first , i thought it was a bit strange but i didn't care too much about that and i easily forgot it . in other words , pat knew all my secrets . 
i started to get along with other people and had new friends but i continued telling pat my secrets . my new friends sometimes talked to me about pat and they asked me once if we were close friends . i asked them why they had asked me that . their answer surprised me too much . they told me pat used to be a close friend of them and she used to talk about me and my problems . so , they had already knew all my secrets for a long time ! 
i started to get along with other people and had new friends but i continued telling pat my secrets . my new friends sometimes talked to me about pat and they asked me once if we were close friends . i asked them why they had asked me that . their answer surprised me so much . they told me pat used to be a close friend of theirs and she used to talk about me and my problems . so , they had already known all my secrets for a long time ! 
i got very angry and immediately i went to talk to pat . at first , pat denied all the things my friends told me about herself but she finally agreed with that . i asked her why she couldn't keep my secrets and she told me that it was impossible for her keeping secrets . she was very sorry about that and few days after she moved in to another city and actually i don't know anything about her . i thanked my new friends for not to tell anybody my secrets though before the trouble they and me weren't very friends . now i'm very happy with my new friends and i have learnt that i can't trust anybody too much because you don't really know how the person is like . 
i got very angry and immediately i went to talk to pat . at first , pat denied all the things my friends told me about her but she finally agreed with that . i asked her why she couldn't keep my secrets and she told me that it was impossible for her to keep secrets . she was very sorry about that and a few days after she moved to another city and now i don't know anything about her . i thanked my new friends for not telling anybody my secrets even though before the trouble we weren't very close friends . now i'm very happy with my new friends and i have learnt that i can't trust anybody too much because you don't really know what the person is like . 
mr. circle theatre's manager
mr. circle theatre's manager
i am writing to you complaining for the play you are advertising as the " london's newest and best musical show " in newspapers and leaflets . to tell you the truth , it has been the most disappointing experience in my whole life . i cannot bear when somebody says something and then does just the opposit way . 
i am writing to you to complain about the play you are advertising as the " london's newest and best musical show " in newspapers and leaflets . to tell you the truth , it has been the most disappointing experience of my whole life . i cannot bear it when somebody says something and then does just the opposite . 
to begin with , i would like to inform you , in case you do not know that the play does not start at 19 . 30 as it says . what is more it lasted 45 minutes of waiting to start and did not supply all the expectations people had . 
to begin with , i would like to inform you , in case you do not know , that the play does not start at 19 . 30 as it says in the advertisements . what is more there were 45 minutes of waiting before it started and it did not satisfy all the expectations people had . 
on the other hand , despite the fact that you said that it was starring by danny brook and tina truelove , i must tell you that danny brook did not appear at all . instead of him there was another actor who neither act nor sing , and , even though , it was a musical show . 
on the other hand , despite the fact that you said that it was starring danny brook and tina truelove , i must tell you that danny brook did not appear at all . instead of him there was another actor who could neither act nor sing , even though it was a musical . 
the last thing i would like to complain for is that the theatre restaurant was closed because , as it said , of " vacations " . if in the advertisements and leaflets says " visit our theatre restaurant after the show " there are not reasons for being closed . it should be opened at least until all people gets out of the place . it must be our decission whether to stay and eat there , or not . 
the last thing i would like to complain about is that the theatre restaurant was closed , because , as we were told , of " vacations " . if the advertisements and leaflets say " visit our theatre restaurant after the show " there is no reason for it being closed . it should be open at least until everyone gets out of the place . it must be our decision whether to stay and eat there , or not . 
to make it shorter , because of everything i have said before , the correct thing to do for me is to ask for my money back , and for you is just giving it back to me because of all the troubles and disappointings feeling you made me suffer . i am looking forward to hear from you as soon as possible . 
to cut a long story short , because of everything i have said above , the correct thing for me to do is to ask for my money back , and for you it is just to give it back to me because of all the trouble and disappointing disappointment you have made me suffer . i am looking forward to hearing from you as soon as possible . 
how has technology changed our dayly lifes 
how has technology changed our daily lives ? 
in times of our grandparents life was so different , that we cannot beleive that this huge change to our day life happened in only one hundred years or less . 
in our grandparents' time life was so different that we cannot believe that this huge change to our daily life happened in only one hundred years or less . 
first , we have to admit that technology has really increased the access to communication , traveling and geting information . you can now know what happens on the other side of the world , at the same time it is happening . what is more , you can get the information you need in just one second by pressing the " enter " key in a computer . 
first , we have to admit that technology has really increased our ability to communicate , travelling to travel and getting to get information . you can now know what is happening on the other side of the world at the same time as it is happening . what is more , you can get the information you need in just one second by pressing the " enter " key on a computer . 
furthermore , as we all know , day life now a days is quite simplier and an example of this is that instead of buying a peice of ice to cool drinks ( as our grandparents used to do ) we not only have a refrigerator but also a freezer in case you want it faster and cooler . strange as it seems , we now can have every machine or especialized technology to make our dayly life more confortable and less workable . things that human beings used to do , now are being done by computers and machines more efficiently and rapidly . 
furthermore , as we all know , daily life nowadays is quite simple and an example of this is that instead of buying a piece of ice to cool drinks ( as our grandparents used to do ) we not only have a refrigerator but also a freezer in case you want it faster and colder . strange as it seems , we now have all types of machine or specialised technology to make our daily life more comfortable and less stressful . things that human beings used to do are now being done by computers and machines more efficiently and rapidly . 
one the other hand , despite the fact that technology make things easier in our day life , the same happens in industries and companies where they use computers and machines instead of people . as people do not get a job because is not needed they get into poorness , criminal activities , being isolated and without the possibility of getting a good education . this is the most terribly disadvantage technology has . 
on the other hand , despite the fact that technology makes things easier in our daily life , the same happens in industries and companies where they use computers and machines instead of people . as people do not get jobs because they are not needed they fall into poverty , criminal activities , becoming become isolated and have no chance of getting a good education . this is the most terrible disadvantage technology has . 
with advantages and disadvantages , technology is in our life and may represent an advance for some and a bad thing for others . things and technology changes every day our life , our jobs , our way of face the world , this is what differences both centuries , our grandparents' changes lasted to long to change human life . 
with advantages and disadvantages , technology is a fact of life and may represent an advance for some and a bad thing for others . things and technology change every day every day things and technology change our life , our jobs , our way of facing the world , this is what differences both centuries , our grandparents' changes lasted to long to change human life . 
dear sir , i would like to show you how disappointed i am about the musical show you manage . as i had a whole week holiday i decided to spend it in london . at first i though i would just make a bit of sight-seeking all around the city . but when one night i saw your advertisement i decided to spend my last night in the city watching a musical show . no sooner had i seen the starring actor than i couldn't believe it . danny brook was one of my best friends while i was at university . but as the show began , i realised that the actor was someone different , his name was tim paradise . if this had been my only disappointment nothing would have happened , but i had to wait stil quarter past eight in order to watch the show , instead of beggining at half past seven as you had written in your advertisement . 
dear sir , i would like to tell you how disappointed i am about the musical show you manage . as i had a whole week's holiday i decided to spend it in london . at first i thought i would just do a bit of sightseeing all around the city . but when one night i saw your advertisement i decided to spend my last night in the city watching a musical . no sooner had i seen who the starring actor was than i couldn't believe it . danny brook was one of my best friends while i was at university . but as the show began , i realised that the actor was someone different , his name was tim paradise . if this had been my only disappointment nothing would have happened , but i had to wait till quarter past eight to watch the show , instead of it beginning at half past seven as you had written in your advertisement . 
although i found the tickets's prize too much expensive i though that there would be some discounts available , but there were not . as a conclution of that horrible evening i decided to visit your theatre restaurant once the show had finished , but what a surprise when i found it closed . 
although i found the ticket's price much too expensive i thought that there would be some discounts available , but there were not . as a conclusion to that horrible evening i decided to visit your theatre restaurant once the show had finished , but what a surprise when i found it closed . 
for all of these reasons i have to ask you for having my money back . 
for all of these reasons i have to ask you giving to give me my money back . 
sincerely:
sincerely:
a disappointed user ! 
a disappointed customer ! 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . 
all began when i decided to take part in that school project . it consisted in having to memorisize a whole book of 250 pages in order to pass a final exam . although this project could seem a very though work , i had to try it in order to rise my low global mark . 
it all began when i decided to take part in that school project . it consisted in having to memorise a whole book of 250 pages in order to pass a final exam . although this project could seem like very tough work , i had to try it in order to raise my low overall mark . 
one day as i was talking with my teacher about the project i saw what it could be the final answer sheet exam on the top of his desk . suddenly , when the teacher went out of his office , i quickly copied the answers on my notebook , i couldn't believe it , that would be the easiest exam i would had ever done . as i went out of the office i found walking down the corridor pat , my best friend . as she was also making the project i decided to let her copy the answers . i told her she hadn't to talk about that to anybody . she agreed and went home very happy . when night came i couldn't believe what was happening . almost all my class mates were in the front door of my house asking me if i had the solutions of the exam . i couldn't believe that my best friend had told everybody about my secret . 
one day as i was talking with my teacher about the project i saw what could be the final answer sheet to the exam on the top of his desk . suddenly , when the teacher went out of his office , i quickly copied the answers into my notebook . i couldn't believe it . that . this would be the easiest exam i would do . as i went out of the office i found pat , my best friend , walking down the corridor . as she was also doing the project i decided to let her copy the answers . i told her she mustn't talk about it to anybody . she agreed and went home very happy . when night came i couldn't believe what was happening . almost all my classmates were at the front door of my house asking me if i had the answers to the exam . i couldn't believe that my best friend had told everybody about my secret . 
in the exam day everybody anwered correctly to each question . and after having corrected all of them , our teacher told us we had to repeat the exam because he realised we knew what the answers were . 
on the exam day everybody answered correctly to every question every question correctly . and after having corrected all of them , our teacher told us we had to repeat the exam because he realised we knew what the answers were . 
it was the last time i trusted in pat . 
it was the last time i trusted pat . 
dear sir , 
dear sir , 
i am writing to complain about the musical show i have seen last friday in your theatre . 
i am writing to complain about the musical show i saw last friday in your theatre . 
unfortunately your advertisement about it wasn't true ! 
unfortunately your advertisement for it wasn't true ! 
firstly , it's written that it will be played by danny brook , but in fact it wasn't . i was very disappointed when i saw someone i've never heard about it . in addition to this , the timetable 19 . 30 wasn't correct . we've lost our time waiting outside in the cold that the doors would get opened 45 minutes later . 
firstly , it was written that in it would be playing be performing by danny brook danny brook would be performing in it , but in fact he wasn't . i was very disappointed when i saw someone i've never heard of . in addition to this , the time , 19 . 30 , wasn't correct . we lost we wasted our time waiting outside in the cold until the doors opened 45 minutes late . 
secondly as a student i was hoping to get a reduce . again , it wasn't true . when i enquired about the discounts , at the cashier they told me that they didn't have any information about it . 
secondly as a student i was hoping to get a reduction discount . again , it wasn't true . when i enquired about the discounts , with the cashier , they told me that they didn't have any information about them . 
at least , after all my disappointments when i wanted to visit your restaurant , it was closed because it was too late . i think that you are not a good manager . 
lastly , after all my disappointments when i wanted to visit your restaurant , it was closed because it was too late . i think that you are not a good manager . 
therefore , i should be grateful if you would send me back some money for all the disagreements i've had in your theatre . 
therefore , i should be grateful if you would send me back some money for all the disagreements i've had in your theatre . 
i'm looking forward to hearing from you soon . 
i'm looking forward to hearing from you soon . 
yours faithfully
yours faithfully
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . pat is my best friend . we spent all our childhood together usually driving our parents mad . as we grown up , we were getting closer and closer sharing all our love stories and even more . i'm certain , that our friendship is stronger than other people . but i do have a problem with her . pat isn't good at keeping secrets . even worth , she is not able to keep anything . for instance , i was organizing a party for my sister's birthday asking all . friends to close their mouths . all did except one: pat . last year , pat and i were driving back home and unfortunately driving too fast i drove through the front gate . i was wondering how to tell my parents and i asked pat if she could keep it secret till i found the way to tell them . of course , the following day all my family had heard about my odd story . in conclusion to this , why do i still go on with her , it's the fact i love her as well as my sister and i know that she can change it if she would because last week , she organized a huge party for me , without telling me . 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . pat is my best friend . we spent all our childhood together , usually driving our parents mad . as we grew up , we were getting closer and closer , sharing all our love stories and even more . i'm certain that our friendship is stronger than other people's . but i do have a problem with her . pat isn't good at keeping secrets . even worse , she is not able to keep anything to herself . for instance , i was organizing a party for my sister's birthday , asking all her . friends to keep closed their mouths their mouths closed . they all did except one: pat . last year , pat and i were driving back home and unfortunately , driving too fast , i drove through the front gate . i was wondering how to tell my parents and i asked pat if she could keep it secret till i found the way to tell them . of course , the following day all my family had heard my odd story . in conclusion to this , why do i still get on with her . it's the fact i love her as much as my sister and i know that she can change if she must because , last week , she organized a huge party for me , without telling me . 
dear sir/ madame , 
dear sir/ madam , 
i am writing to complain about your musical show which performed last friday . 
i am writing to complain about your musical show which was performed last friday . 
i was interested in your advertisement and i booked the friday show while i had been on holiday . 
i was interested in your advertisement and i booked the friday show while i was on holiday . 
however , this theatre made me disappointing from starting the show until finishing . 
however , this theatre made me disappointed from the start of the show until its finishing . 
first of all , i saw that the discounts were available , but there were not any discounts and advantages for the audience . also the show started at 20:15 delaying for more 45 minutes than the advertise mentioned . 
first of all , i saw that the discounts were available , but there were not any discounts and advantages for the audience . also the show started at 20:15 delaying for more 45 minutes than the advertise mentioned . 
i could bare it by the time . moreover the show was awful . i like danny brook and tina truelove's acting but he actors were changed without mentioning , also the restaurant was closed by the excuse to be repaired . in fact , the notice had been showed since last winter . it means that the theatre have not made any efforts for the people . 
i could bare it by the time . moreover , the show was awful . i like danny brook and tina truelove's acting but the actors were changed without mentioning , also the restaurant was closed with the excuse that it was being repaired . in fact , the notice had been displayed since last winter . it means that the theatre have not made any efforts for the people . 
in conclusion , i was very disappointed in a whole of the show , furthermore , i could not enjoy my holiday after the show . therefore , i would like to refund some money . i look forward to recieving your prompt reply . 
in conclusion , i was very disappointed in the whole of the show . furthermore , , i could not enjoy my holiday after the show . therefore , i would like you to refund some money . i look forward to recieving your prompt reply . 
yours faithfully , 
yours faithfully , 
sun-young lee . 
sun-young lee . 
fashion of the future . return to the nature . 
fashion of the future . return to nature . 
the world is being changed rapidly by developing technology and industrial . it affect lots of ways . one of them is fashion area . 
the world is being changed rapidly by developing technology and industry . it affects us in lots of ways . one of them is in the area of fashion . 
people think that we will wear a simple , practical , light clothes . for instance , we can see that kind of clothes in sci-fi films like starwars . 
people think that we will wear simple , practical , light clothes . for instance , we can see that kind of clothes in sci-fi films like starwars . 
however , in the other hand , there is a different idea . people like designer's clothes like armani , chanel . . so on . they prefer new original style in order to show them more attractive . moreover , most designers prefer to use natural material . they have used animal and fish skins , some plants and herbal things than chemical one . 
however , on the other hand , there is a different idea . people like designer's clothes like armani , chanel . . and so on . they prefer new original style in order to make them look more attractive . moreover , most designers prefer to use natural material . they have used animal and fish skins , some plants and herbal things rather than chemical one . 
in my opinion , people want to wear special and original clothes to show their own characters . also countless fashion will be shown . people will prefer to use more natural than chemical things and wear more beautiful and attractive clothes . 
in my opinion , people want to wear special and original clothes to show their own characters . also countless fashions will be seen . people will prefer to use more natural than chemical things and wear more beautiful and attractive clothes . 
i think that showing their beauty is one of animal's basic instincts . i can't stand wearing a suit or kit like which has been showed in starwars ! 
i think that showing their beauty is one of animals' basic instincts . i couldn't stand wearing a suit or kit like that which has been shown in starwars ! 
dear sir , 
dear sir , 
i am writing to complain about a number of points . 
i am writing to complain about a number of things . 
i went to london on holiday and to the circle theatre to see over the rainbow . although , this musical show was not as good as i expected . 
i went to london on holiday and to the circle theatre to see over the rainbow . however , this musical was not as good as i expected . 
first of all , was the show suppossed to start at 19 . 30 , but it started first at 20 . 15 . to make matters worse , instead of danny brook performing you had another actor , which was very disappointing . secondly , it says in your advertisement that discounts would be available , despite the fact they were not . 
first of all , the show was supposed to start at 19 . 30 , but it started at 20 . 15 . to make matters worse , instead of danny brook performing you had another actor , which was very disappointing . secondly , it says in your advertisement that discounts would be available , despite the fact they were not . 
on top of everything , you recommended to visit the theatre restaurant after the show . however this was closed due to lack of personall . according to your brochure it says this would be the perfect evening out . 
on top of everything , you recommended visiting the theatre restaurant after the show . however , this was closed due to lack of personnel staff . according to your brochure this would be the perfect evening out . 
according to my experience it was not . i am expecting a full refund and compensation for the discomfort i have suffered . i am looking foward to hearing from you . 
considering my experience , it was not . i am expecting a full refund and compensation for the discomfort i have suffered . i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours faithfully
yours faithfully
carley agda nilsen
carley agda nilsen
fashion of the future . 
fashion of the future . 
designers are improving their skills all the time . 
designers are improving their skills all the time . 
nowadays , there are more and more people who wants to become designers and the competion is increasing . everybody wants to be the best . due to this the quality of clothes is getting better and in 100 years we will be asking for a bigger variety of clothes . although , the price of clothes is increasing , people still buy them . we give other things priority so we are able to afford our clothes . 
nowadays , there are more and more people who want to become designers and the competition is increasing . everybody wants to be the best . due to this the quality of clothes is getting better and in 100 years we will be asking for a greater variety of clothes . although , the price of clothes is increasing , people still buy them . we give other things priority so we are able to afford our clothes . 
on the whole , people nowadays , do care more about their appearance and will be continuing to do . 
on the whole , people nowadays do care more about their appearance and will continue to do so . 
it appears that people are more aware about clothes and also work . 
it appears that people are more aware about clothes and also work . 
i think people in the future will begin to only wear fashionable clothes . if you feel nice , in an outfit your confident will be likely to increase and this might also help you to get a better career in your work , something which is very important today . 
i think people in the future will begin to wear only fashionable clothes . if you feel nice in an outfit your confidence will be likely to increase and this might also help you to advance your career , something which is very important today . 
dear sir:
dear sir:
i am writing to let you know the disappointed evening i had seen your show with the worst services i have ever seen . 
i am writing to let you know about the disappointing evening i had seeing your show with the worst services i have ever experienced . 
first of all , in the ticket for entrance says that the actor was danny brook and realy he was not . in the show apears a different actor , so i was very disappointed . 
first of all , on the ticket it says that the actor was danny brook and really he was not . in the show appears a different actor a different actor appears in the show , so i was very disappointed . 
then , in the ticket says that the show started at 19 . 30 and , i don't know why , it started at 20:15 , very unpolited of your side , and also , make me lose time . 
then , on the ticket it says that the show starts at 19 . 30 and , i don't know why , it started at 20:15 , very impolite on your part , and , also , you wasted my time . 
other thing is that in the ticket apears that discounts were available but when i asked for it , there was no one . 
the other thing is that on the ticket it appears that discounts were available but when i asked about it , there were none . 
the last thing is that you invited us to visit your restaurant after the show , but it was closed because the food was not already done . 
the last thing is that you invited us to visit your restaurant after the show , but it was closed because the food was not yet done . 
i thought you were a good theatre , were people can go and have a good evening alone or with somebody else , but realy i am very disappointed and i want to ask for my money back . i'll never return again because of the bad service you ofer . 
i thought you were a good theatre , where people can go and have a good evening alone or with somebody else , but really i am very disappointed and i want to ask for my money back . i'll never return because of the bad service you offer . 
please , let me know your answer . 
please , let me know your answer . 
truely . 
truly . 
all of us know the technology and science has affected our lives . seen my hole life i can say the moden technology has changed my daily life in many ways . 
all of us know that technology and science have affected our lives . considering my whole life i can say that modern technology has changed my daily life in many ways . 
the first way is that it has changed my family's relationship . it has , in some way , separated the family's life , making all of us be worried about ower own things . we work all separated , making grow the individuality and forgoten we has to talk all together to know about the other's life . 
the first thing is that it has changed my family relationship . it has , in some way , separated the family , making all of us worried about our own things . we all work separately , developing individually and forgotten forgetting we have to all talk together to know about each other's life . 
the second way is that it has make easy my life . the comunications in the world are faster than ever , so when i need something , i can have it in only a minute . it allowed me to worry about other things of the life . 
the second thing is that it has made easier my life my life easier . the communications communications communication over the world is faster than ever , so when i need something , i can have it in only a minute . it has allowed me to worry about other things in my life . 
the last way in that the technology has allowed me to have a better health . it has descover many instruments that help me to have a good health . 
the last thing is that technology has allowed me to have better health . it has discover discovered invented many instruments that help me to maintain my health . 
to finish , i can say technology has changed my life in good and bad ways , helping the things be easier but making me develop a big independence . 
to finish , i can say technology has changed my life in good and bad ways , helping things to be easier but making me dependence dependent . 
dear sir or madam , 
dear sir or madam , 
i am writing to complain about your musical show . we had a very disappointing evening yesterday . we thought that we would like to let you know all details which it didn't make us happy . 
i am writing to complain about your show . we had a very disappointing evening yesterday . we thought that we would like to let you know all the details of what went wrong . 
first of all , we went to the theather to pick up our tickets . we were thinking to get some discount on our tickets , because we had already read from the advertisement but they didn't discount the prices so we had to pay complete money for the show . we were ready for the show at 19 . 30 . we sat out sits and waited for the show but it didn't come out on time , it started at 20 . 15 which was redicoulus time . we waited for 45 minutes . 
first of all , we went to the theater theatre to pick up our tickets . we were thinking we would get a discount on our tickets , because we had read this in the advertisement but they didn't discount the prices so we had to pay the full price for the show . we were ready for the show at 19 . 30 . we sat in our seats and waited for the show but it didn't start on time , it started at 20 . 15 which was a ridiculous time . we waited for 45 minutes . 
secondly , when the show started , i was looking for danny brook , because this actor was the most important reason for me to come here . i realised that it was different actor playing instead of danny brook . i was very disappointed . after show we went immediately to the tickets office for asking money back , but they were to strict and close -minded . they just said , " we don't give money back . " 
secondly , when the show started , i was looking for danny brook , because this actor was the most important reason for me to see the show . i realised that it was a different actor playing instead of danny brook . i was very disappointed . after the show we went immediately to the ticket office to ask for our money back , but they were too strict and small -minded intransigent . they just said , " we don't give money back . " 
however we wanted to eat something at the theatre restaurant , but it was again same with the others , because the restaurant was closed . 
next we wanted to eat something at the theatre restaurant , but it was again the same as the others a disappointment , because the restaurant was closed . 
finally , we had a totally unhappy night with your show . you can't take this bad feeling back but you might give us our money back . this would be the first good memory for us from your show . 
finally , we had a totally miserable night at your show . you can't take this bad feeling away but you might give us our money back . this would be the first good thing for us to come from your show . 
we look forward to hearing from you . 
we look forward to hearing from you . 
yours faithfully , 
yours faithfully , 
mr. and mrs . smythe
mr. and mrs . smythe
people , who lives in the city , use lots of technological stuff . they make their life style much easy more fast because they need to catch up with the other people . 
people who live in the city use lots of technological stuff . they make their lifestyle much easier and faster because they need to catch up with other people . 
in the twenty first century things are changing very fast . if we look at a family life . they have typical this time life style lifestyle typical these times . children have own televisions , computers and telephones in their room . mother and father have own cars and mobile phones . sometimes even the children have own mobile phone as well . full of technological tools and instruments in the house the house full of technological tools and instruments . fire alarm , burglar alarm , house temperature checker , automatic garage door many of them . they use all of this because they want to do their work , and leisure activities with this helping kits . 
in the twenty-first century , things are changing very fast . if we look at family life , they have typical these times lifestyle a lifestyle which is typical of these times . children have their own televisions , computers and telephones in their room . mother and father have their own cars and mobile phones . sometimes even the children have their own mobile phone as well . full of technological tools and instruments the house the house is full of technological tools and instruments : fire alarm , burglar alarm , house temperature gauge , automatic garage door , etc . they use all of this because they want to do their work and leisure activities with these helping kits the help of these devices . 
in the other hand , thy use all this too much . for example a mobile phone ; people talk with it on the street , in the car almost everywhere . some of them necessiraly some of them not . just wersting time on it . they don't even think how they take the communication lines are busy , how many people on the phone at same time . too many 
on the other hand , they use all this too much . for example the mobile phone : people talk on it on the street , in the car , almost everywhere . some of them necessarily because they need to , some of them not . they are just wasting time on it . they don't even think how they make the communication lines busy . how many people are on the phone at the same time ? too many . 
anyway technology is the most important thing for our life . it developes day by day . the problem is " do we really use it properly or not ? " 
anyway , technology is the most important thing in our life . it develops day by day . the problem is , do we really use it properly or not ? 
dear manager , 
dear manager , 
i am writing this letter to inform you that the advertisement for the musical show was with wrong information . 
i am writing this letter to inform you that the advertisement for the musical show appeared with wrong information . 
firstly , the actors were different from the ones written in the advertisement which was very disappointing for me . furthermore , according to the advertisement i was supposed to begin at 14 . 30 and 19 . 30 but it started at 20 . 15 . moreover , when i bought the tickets i was expecting discounts available , however , there were no discounts available and the tickets were more expensive than the price written in the advertisement . 
firstly , the actors were different from the ones in the advertisement , which was very disappointing for me . furthermore , according to the advertisement it was supposed to begin at 14 . 30 and 19 . 30 but it started at 20 . 15 . moreover , when i bought the tickets i was expecting discounts to be available , however , there were no discounts available and the tickets were more expensive than the price published in the advertisement . 
when the show ended i went to visit the theatre restaurant i could not get in because it was closed as the chef of the restaurant was not there . 
when the show ended i went to visit the theatre restaurant . i could not get in because it was closed as the restaurant's chef was not there . 
i did not have a perfect evening out and i would like to have my money back . 
i did not have a perfect evening out and i would like to have my money back . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you as soon as possible . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you as soon as possible . 
sincerely , 
sincerely , 
how has modern technology changed your daily life ? 
how has modern technology changed your daily life ? 
technology has changed our life forever . nowadays life is much easier than in the old days . 
technology has changed our life forever . nowadays life is much easier than in the old days . 
firstly , we can cook our meals an electrical stove or in a microwave and it takes just a few minutes to get ready . we do not need to lit fire in order to cook as in the old days . 
firstly , we can cook our meals on an electrical stove or in a microwave and it takes just a few minutes to get ready . we do not need to light a fire in order to cook as in the old days . 
secondly , the doctors have found the cure for many diseases and many operations have been done in less time and in a painless way , by using especial machines doctors have be able to save more lives than in the past . 
secondly , doctors have found the cure for many diseases and many operations have been done in less time and in a painless way . by using special machines doctors have been able to save more lives than in the past . 
for those who need to travel in order to make business with other people abroad can fly by plane and arrive in their destination safely or have their problems solved through telephone . 
those who need to travel in order to do business with other people abroad can fly by plane and arrive at their destination safely or have their problems solved via telephone . 
to sum up , technology has been a great help to all of us . in the future , it will be able to help people even more since it has been increasing its capacity day after day . 
to sum up , technology has been a great help to all of us . in the future , it will be able to help people even more since it has been advancing day by day . 
dear sir/madam
dear sir/madam
i am writing to make a complaint about the circle theatre . i recently went there to see the musical show " over the rainbow " . i was very disapointed to find out that most of the things said in the advertisement for the show were not true . 
i am writing to make a complaint about the circle theatre . i recently went there to see the musical show " over the rainbow " . i was very disappointed to find out that most of the things said in the advertisement for the show were not true . 
for example , the advertisement said that danny brook would be the lead actor , but he was not . instead , there was this unknown actor with a very bad performance and a terribly annoying voice . moreover , the play did not start at the time it was supposed to . i had to wait for forty five minutes . all the waiting made me quite hungry , so i was expecting to have good meal at the theatre restaurant after the show . however , it was closed for cleaning . 
for example , the advertisement said that danny brook would be the lead actor , but he was not . instead , there was this unknown actor who gave a very bad performance and had a terribly annoying voice . moreover , the play did not start at the time it was supposed to . i had to wait for forty-five minutes . all the waiting made me quite hungry , so i was expecting to have good meal at the theatre restaurant after the show . however , it was closed for cleaning . 
all these problems spoiled my evening and frustrated me , since i was expecting to see a good play , so i expect a full refund . by the way , why weren't any discounts available for the tickets , as it was said in the advertisement ? 
all these problems spoiled my evening and frustrated me , since i was expecting to see a good play , so i expect a full refund . by the way , why weren't any discounts available for the tickets , as was promised in the advertisement ? 
i look forward to hearing from you and having my money back . 
i look forward to hearing from you and having my money back . 
yours faithfully , 
yours faithfully , 
the new modern life
the new modern life
modern technology and science have changed my life in many ways . the easy access to information and the new ways of communicating with other people help me save time that i can spend doing whatever i want to . 
modern technology and science have changed my life in many ways . easy access to information and the new ways of communicating with other people help me save time that i can spend doing whatever i want to . 
of all the recent technological advances , the one that had the great impact on my life was the internet . it provides you all the information you want . i don't watch the news on television anymore , because i can use my computer to read only the things that interest me . 
of all the recent technological advances , the one that has had the greatest impact on my life is the internet . it provides you with all the information you want . i don't watch the news on television anymore , because i can use my computer to read only the things that interest me . 
mobile phones are another thing that is making my life much easier . they allow you to talk to other people no matter where you are . this can be very useful when you have a problem that needs an immediate solution . 
mobile phones are another thing that are making my life much easier . they allow you to talk to other people no matter where you are . this can be very useful when you have a problem that needs an immediate solution . 
all these things save me lots of time . i get to rest more and spend more time at home , and so they make me a happier person . for the next years , we can expect many more technologies that will continue making our lives easier . 
all these things save me lots of time . i get to rest more and spend more time at home , and so they make me a happier person . for the next few years , we can expect many more technological advances that will continue making our lives easier . 
dear mr james , 
dear mr james , 
my name is paula and i'm one of your latest visitors of your show " over the rainbow'' , this is also the reason of my letter . 
my name is paula and i'm one of your most recent visitors to your show " over the rainbow'' , this is also the reason for my letter . 
last week during my holiday in london , i found your advertisment in my newspaper . this looked very good to me , one of my favourite actors , the time did suit me and for the tickets was a discount available . everything was just perfect . but , suddenly the whole evening changed into something , we didn't expected at all . 
last week during my holiday in london , i found your advertisement in my newspaper . this looked very good to me - one of my favourite actors , the time suited me and there was a discount available for the tickets . everything was just perfect . but , suddenly the whole evening changed into something we didn't expect at all . 
the first disappointment confronted us on the main entrance , there was no discount for our ticket available . despite of this we have still been looking forward to the show and danny brook . 
the first disappointment confronted us at the main entrance ; there was no discount for our tickets available . despite this we had were still looking forward to the show and danny brook . 
your state in your advertisment that he would come on stage , but instead of him someone else turned up . actually , this guy was not half as good as danny brook . 
you stated in your advertisement that he would come on stage , but instead of him someone else turned up . actually , this guy was not half as good as danny brook . 
the other thing was the time , the show was supposed to start at half past seven , but we have been waiting for 45 minutes , before the light turned off . 
the other thing was the time . the show was supposed to start at half past seven , but we had waited for 45 minutes , before the light turned off . 
till then we have been very upset about the evening and decided to go for dinner . 
till then we had been very upset about the evening and decided to go for dinner . 
eventually , the restaurant which belongs to the theatre was closed . 
finally , the restaurant which belongs to the theatre was closed . 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . 
i really do regret that i told pat about my feelings for the new girl in class , but who else can i talk to , if it is not your best friend ? . 
i really do regret that i told pat about my feelings for the new girl in class , but who else can you talk to if it is not your best friend ? . 
her name is carla and she just changed school , she is so beautiful , with long legs , blond hair and a voice which makes me melt . 
her name is carla and she just changed school . she is so beautiful , with long legs , blond hair and a voice which makes me melt . 
i've never been so fascinated by a girl and so i knew it must have been real love . 
i'd never been so fascinated by a girl and so i knew it must have been real love . 
luckely i could keep my secret for a couple of days but then , it became urgent and i needed someone to talk to . 
luckily i could keep my secret for a couple of days but then it became urgent and i needed someone to talk to . 
pat , he was my friend , and he knew girls . i thought he would keep everything like a thing between him and me , but he disappointed me . 
pat , he was my friend , and he knew girls . i thought he would keep everything between him and me , but he disappointed me . 
he actually went to carla and told her every thing . no doubt she would never ever look at me again . but she did , she asked me out . the horrible thing about this is , i'm still in heaven , but out with the wrong person , because pat mixed the persons with their names . there are two carlas in my class ! 
he actually went to carla and told her everything . no doubt she would never ever look at me again . but she did , she asked me out . the horrible thing about this is i'm still in heaven , but going out with the wrong person , because pat mixed the people with their names . there are two carlas in my class ! 
dear sir/madam , 
dear sir/madam , 
i am writing to share with you some feelings i have after watching a musical show , which was played at the circle theatre last week . unfortunalety my feelings are rather bad . 
i am writing to share with you some feelings i have after watching a musical show which was put on at the circle theatre last week . unfortunately my feelings are rather bad . 
i had a week's holiday in london last week , when i saw your advertisement concerning 'over the rainbow' musical show . the advertisement looked pretty interesting and i dicided to go to the theatre to watch this musical show . especialy due to the fact that i wanted to see danny brook - my favourite actor . i was really disappointed when i saw a different actor . the 'theatre' even did not appologize for this range . to make things worse the show started 45 minutes later than it should have been ( started at 20:15 instead of 19:30 ) . despite i am a student and the advertisement said that discounts were available , i was refused to buy a half-a-price ticket , and the explaination 'why' wasn't sufficiant . i tried to relax after the show , so i made my way to the theatre restaurant , which according to the advertisement ought to be open at that time . unfortunately it was not , which made me even angier . there was no information why it was closed and if it would be open at all . 
i had a week's holiday in london last week , when i saw your advertisement concerning the 'over the rainbow' musical show . the advertisement looked pretty interesting and i decided to go to the theatre to watch this musical show . especially this was especially due to the fact that i wanted to see danny brook - my favourite actor . i was really disappointed when i saw a different actor . the 'theatre' did not even apologize for this change . to make things worse the show started 45 minutes later than it should have ( it started at 20:15 instead of 19:30 ) . despite my being a student and the advertisement saying that discounts were available , i was refused a half-price ticket , and the explanation 'why' wasn't sufficient . i tried to relax after the show , so i made my way to the theatre restaurant , which , according to the advertisement , ought to have been open at that time . unfortunately it was not , which made me even angrier . there was no information about why it was closed and if it would be open at all . 
the advertisement say 'your perfect evening out' , however it was the worst evening i have had in london . i would like you give me my money back . 
the advertisement says 'your perfect evening out' . however , it was the worst evening i have had in london . i would like you to give me my money back . 
yours faithfully
yours faithfully
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . i told her about my plans on monday , however on friday almost half of my class knew what's going on . i was the only boy in my class who didn't have a driving licence . i wanted to tell them about this after i would pass the exam . saturday morning i went to the driving center for my first lesson . i had never driven a car before . i hope that nobody would watching me . unfortunately pat was there and half of my class . i felt terrible . the instractur opened the car and asked me to sit on the drivers sit . it was the worst time i ever had . at the beginning i couldn't start the engine . then i drove very slowly very ofen crossing the white line on the road . i looked at the mirror and i saw how my friends were lauthing . it made my crazy . i started doing stupid things: turn right instead of left and so on . 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . i told her about my plans on monday . however , on friday almost half of my class knew what was going on . i was the only boy in my class who didn't have a driving licence . i wanted to tell them about this after i passed the exam . saturday morning i went to the driving centre for my first lesson . i had never driven a car before . i hoped that nobody was watching me . unfortunately , pat was there and half of my class . i felt terrible . the instructor opened the car door and asked me to sit in the driver's seat . it was the worst time i ever had . at the beginning i couldn't start the engine . then i drove very slowly very often crossing the white line on the road . i looked in the mirror and i saw how my friends were laughing . it made me crazy . i started doing stupid things: turning right instead of left and so on . 
next day , i decided that i don't want to go to school any more . i was afraid that everybody would comment my first lesson . i wish i hadn't told pat about my plans . eventually the things weren't so bad . i went to school and everyone was very friendly . pat appologized me for not keeping the secrets . at the begining i was very angry but in the end i said that everything is o . k . 
the next day , i decided that i didn't want to go to school any more . i was afraid that everybody would comment on my first lesson . i wish i hadn't told pat about my plans . eventually , things weren't so bad . i went to school and everyone was very friendly . pat apologized to me for not keeping my secrets . at the beginning i was very angry but in the end i said that everything was o . k . 
we are good friends nowadays , however i will never tell her my secrets . 
we are good friends nowadays . however , i will never tell her my secrets . 
dear sir/madam , 
dear sir/madam , 
i am writing to inform you about the differences between the advertisment and the real show . i am also expecting to get some money back . 
i am writing to inform you about the differences between your advertisement and the real show . i am also expecting to get some money back . 
first of all , the show started 45 minutes late . we all had to sit and wait because there was nobody to explain the reason of the delay and excuse about it . if there was someone to do so , we could have gone out to eat something . 
first of all , the show started 45 minutes late . we all had to sit and wait because there was nobody to explain the reason for the delay and apologise about it . if there had been someone to do so , we could have gone out to eat something . 
then , as we were told that the show was begginning , the second shock of the evening faced us . instead of the famous actor danny brook , a very bad and disappointing actor showed up . 
then , as we were told that the show was beginning , the second shock of the evening faced us . instead of the famous actor danny brook , a very bad and disappointing actor showed up . 
watching the show plus the 45 minutes of delay made us hungry of course so we decided to eat at the theatre restaurant . as it was too late , the restaurant was closed and we starved till we got to our homes . we were also disappointed because there were no discounts ! 
watching the show plus the 45 minutes of delay made us hungry of course so we decided to eat at the theatre restaurant . as it was too late , the restaurant was closed and we starved till we got to our homes . we were also disappointed because there were no discounts ! 
( as i mentioned above ) i was very disappointed and i am asking for some money back if possible . 
( as i mentioned above ) i was very disappointed and i am asking for some money back if possible . 
pat and secrets
pat and secrets
. . . . unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . knowing that he decided to not to see alison until the birthday party . 
. . . . unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . knowing that , he decided not to see alison until the birthday party . 
everybody was given a job , and pat's job was buying the cake and the candles . the best bakery was at the other side of the town so there was no danger for him to see alison and reveal the party . 
everybody was given a job , and pat's job was buying the cake and the candles . the best bakery was on the other side of the town so there was no danger of him seeing alison and revealing the party . 
he went out of his house and got on his bike to go to the bakery . on his way he saw lots of places he could buy the birthday cake but knowing that the safest one was the one which is as andy as alison's house he kept on riding . 
he went out of his house and got on his bike to go to the bakery . on his way he saw lots of places he could have bought the birthday cake but knowing that the safest one was the one which was the handy handiest for alison's house , he kept on riding . 
when he reached the bakery , he was quite relieved and he almost forgot that he had a secret to keep . picking the best cake he was preparing to go back . he suddenly saw alison and said " did you like the cake , it's for your birthday party " . 
when he reached the bakery , he was quite relieved and he almost forgot that he had a secret to keep . after picking the best cake he was preparing to go back . he suddenly saw alison and said " do you like the cake ? it's for your birthday party " . 
after the conversation was over pat still wasn't aware of what he had done , and he didn't find out till the party took place . 
after the conversation was over pat still wasn't aware of what he had done , and he didn't find out till the party took place . 
to the manager of the theatre
to the manager of the theatre
dear sir/madam
dear sir/madam
i am writing in order to tell your some things that happened to me at the theatre , at that moment i felt astonish thinking about : " how an important theatre have problems like this . " but , yes . 
i am writing in order to tell you about somethings something that happened to me at the theatre . at the time i felt astonished , thinking : " how can an important theatre have problems like this ? " but , yes . 
first the starring was going to be danny brook , but then another man took his place , i couldn't believe it , you couldn't change danny brook , a very important artist , and put a begginer one . it was very disappointing . 
first the star was going to be danny brook , but then another man took his place . i couldn't believe it . you can't replace danny brook , a very important artist , and put a beginner novice in his place . it was very disappointing . 
secondly , it was supposed to start at 19:30 and it started at 20:15 . yes , 45 minutes , i want to see you in that case . what would you do ? i felt like a dumb , and all the people felt like me . 
secondly , it was supposed to start at 19:30 and it started at 20:15 . yes , 45 minutes ! i want to see you in that position . what would you do ? i felt like a fool , and all the audience felt as i did . 
and well , don't talk about the discounts , because they didn't exist . more than that , the restaurant was closed because it was on repairing . 
and well , don't talk about the discounts , because they didn't exist . more than that , the restaurant was closed because it was under repair . 
at end , i could see that the advertisement said " your perfect evening out " , it wasn't the perfect evening , now i'm looking for a layer , because i want my money back , if don't well you know the end of this story . 
at end , i could see that the advertisement said , " your perfect evening out " . it wasn't the perfect evening . now i'm looking for a lawyer , because i want my money back , if don't well you know the end of this story . 
faithfully
faithfully
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets , because one day when maria , her sister , was walking to the school , a car stopped at her and a man said " i know who is your love , it's peter " . 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets , because one day when maria , her sister , was walking to school , a car stopped beside her and a man said , " i know who is your lover , it's peter " . 
maria passed all the day thinking about who told them that , there were two posibilities : one her best friend becca or his sister pat . 
maria spent all day thinking about who told them that . there were two possibilities : one , her best friend becca , or her sister pat . 
but the problem began to increase because all her friends knew her secret . it was like a " chain reaction " , until maria didn't want to go to school any more , her mother talked to her , but there was no case , she was very angry and hurt . 
but the problem began to get worse because all her friends knew her secret . it was like a " chain reaction " , until maria didn't want to go to school anymore . her mother talked to her , but there was no case . she was very angry and hurt . 
one day , at his house , she listened pat talking with a friend and maria realised that pat said everything , because they were talking about a secret of another friend . but there was a problem , how to said it to pat , in a good or in a bad way , she decided for the good one . 
one day , at her house , she listened to pat talking with a friend and maria realised that pat told had told everything , because they were talking about a secret of another friend . but there was a problem - how to say it to pat , in a good or in a bad way . she decided for the good one . 
obviously , pat first refused , but then she accepted that she was wrong , and apologyse maria , after then pat never again talked about someone within his or her permission . 
obviously , pat first denied it , but then she accepted that she was wrong , and apologise apologised to maria . after that pat never again talked about anyone without his or her permission . 
the end . 
the end . 
santiago , june 17th , 200
santiago , june 17th , 200
dear sir , 
dear sir , 
i am writting this letter because i am very dissapointed with your musical show . i recently went to london on vacation , with some friends . we were told that this was a great show , and we decided to see how it was . if the show was as good as we were told we should save our final night for it , this was going to be the end of our vacation , a great one by the way . 
i am writing this letter because i am very disappointed with your musical show . i recently went to london on vacation , with some friends . we were told that this was a great show , and we decided to see how it was . if the show was as good as we were told we should save our final night for it , this was going to be the end of our vacation , a great one , by the way . 
when our final day arrived , we went shoping in the morning and then we went to the hotel to change our clothes and get ready for the show . 
when our final day arrived , we went shopping in the morning and then we went to the hotel to change our clothes and get ready for the show . 
when we arrived , the were a lot of people , the pace was beatiful , all seemed perfect . when we entrance the place our problems begun . first , there were no discount on the tickets but that was fine . then , the show had a great delay , almost an hour , we deal with that too . after that they changed the principal actor , the one that replaced him was very bad , that made us realy angry . but that isn't all , to complete this tragedy the restaurant was closed . 
when we arrived , there were a lot of people , the place was beautiful , all seemed perfect . when we enter entered the place our problems began . first , there were no discounts on the tickets but that was fine . then , the show had a great delay , almost an hour ; we dealt with that too . after that they changed the principal actor , the one that replaced him was very bad , that made us really angry . but that isn't all , to complete this tragedy the restaurant was closed . 
i hope that you understand that i want my money back , or at least some of it , because this weren't my " perfect evening out " 
i hope that you understand why i want my money back , or at least some of it , because this wasn't my " perfect evening out " 
how has moden technology changed my daily life ? i think that technology have change my life and everybodies life in many ways . nowadays , technology is everywhere , all over your house , your school , ofice or any place you can be in a city . this technology has help to made my life easier and more exciting , but like everithing had some negative thing . 
how has modern technology changed my daily life ? i think that technology has changed my life and everybody everybody's life in many ways . nowadays , technology is everywhere , all over your house , your school , office or any place you can be in a city . this technology has helped to make my life easier and more exciting , but like everything it has had some negative aspect aspects . 
this technology has help in many fields , like medicine , entreteinment , work and other thing , so it has obviusly change the life of many people . 
this technology has helped in many fields , like medicine , entertainment , work and other things , so it has obviously changed the lives of many people . 
the bad things that this could have are unimportan , in comperison with all the good things this have done , so let's don't focus on the negative aspects of it . 
the bad consequences that this could have are unimportant , in comparison with all the good things it has done , so let's not focus on the negative aspects of it . 
i think technology has become a part of our lifes , so we have to learn how to live in this new world , that is changing as fast as computers change . this is a new era , an era for a new tipe of people , the feuta people
i think technology has become a part of our lives , so we have to learn how to live in this new world , which is changing as fast as computers change . this is a new era , an era for a new type of people , the future people
dear manager
dear manager
i'm writing to complain about poor administrations of your theatre . because the advertisement for show and the real show were completely different . 
i'm writing to complain about the poor administration of your theatre , because the advertisement for the show and the actual show were completely different . 
first of all , as you can see starring was danny brook and tina truelove on your advertisement but when i sat my seat , different actor and actress appeared . i was very disappointed because i was longing for seeing them as a fan . moreover , the show didn't start in time so i had been waiting for ages . 
first of all , as you can see starring was danny brook and tina truelove in your advertisement but when i sat in my seat , a different actor and actress appeared . i was very disappointed because i was longing to see them , as a fan . moreover , the show didn't start in time so i had been waiting for ages . 
in addition , when i entered into the theatre i couldn't have discount in spite of student and i couldn't use in your restaurant either after the show . in that time , it was closed because it had been being repaired . it's nonsense , wasn't it ? 
in addition , when i entered the theatre i couldn't have a discount in spite of being a student and i couldn't use your restaurant either after the show . at that time , it was closed because it had been being repaired . it was nonsense , wasn't it ? 
anyway , it was not " my perfect evening out " but i think that it was a kind of " contract infringement " so i would like to ask for my money back . 
anyway , it was not " my perfect evening out " but i think that it was a kind of " contract infringement " so i would like to ask for my money back . 
i look forward to hearing from you soon
i look forward to hearing from you soon
yours faithfully
yours faithfully
how has modern technology changed our daily life ? of course , our life will be completely changed . however , we have to consider about our nature and human-being . 
how has modern technology changed our daily life ? of course , our life will be completely changed . however , we have to consider our nature and human being . 
first of all , the developed technology and science will make our life more convenient than now . all your stuffs will be performed by the computers . for example , if you watch " the star trek " - science fiction programme on tv , you will realise that you just can say " do it " and then the computers will do it . 
first of all , the developed technology and science will make our life more convenient than now . all your stuff tasks will be performed by computers . for example , if you watch " the star trek " - science fiction programme on tv , you will realise that you can just say " do it " and then the computers will do it . 
however , there are some problems . if all your staffs are fulfilled by the computers , we might be idler than now . moreover , we have to consider about our nature . as you know , even now , science and technology are destroying our environment , for example weird temperature etc . if we don't protect our environment , our daily life will not be convenient . rather our daily life will be deteriorated . 
however , there are some problems . if all your staffs are fulfilled by computers , we might be idler than now . moreover , we have to consider our environment . as you know , even now , science and technology are destroying our environment , for example weird temperature etc . if we don't protect our environment , our daily life will not be convenient . rather , our daily life will be deteriorated . 
to sum up , future civilization is important for us . if there is no our good nature , our daily life will be unhappy . 
to sum up , future civilization is important for us . if there is no our good nature , our daily life will be unhappy . 
dear sir/madam
dear sir/madam
i went to see ' over the rainbow ' presented by the circle theater . i was really disappointed therefore i am writing a complain . 
i went to see ' over the rainbow ' , produced by the circle theatre circle theatre . i was really disappointed therefore i am writing a letter of complaint . 
firstly i bought the ticket because i like danny brook's acting but in the show someone was acting his part . also the person was not really good at acting . 
firstly i bought the ticket because i like danny brook's acting but in the show someone was playing his part . also this person was not really good at acting . 
secondly the time on the leaflet is totaly wrong . it said it will start at 19:30 . infact it started t 20:15 . i was waiting for 45 minuts . 
secondly the time on the leaflet is totally wrong . it said it would start at 19:30 . in fact it started at 20:15 . i was waiting for 45 minutes . 
thirdly the ticket was no discount and after the show i visited theater restaurant but it was close because the show started too late . 
thirdly the ticket was not discount and after the show i visited the theatre restaurant but it was closed because the show started late . 
finaly last nigh was not perfect evening . ( therefore ) i want to have money back and i hope you will think about these problems . 
finally last night was not a perfect evening . therefore i want to have my money back and i hope you will think about these problems . 
your faithfully
yours faithfully
i am writing an article about fashion of the future to the international student magazine . 
i am writing an article about the fashion of the future for the international student magazine . 
fashion are always changing therefore it is really difficult to say what sort of clothes people wear in future . but when i heard the word of future , i have image of metalic colour so that my imagination they are wearing metalic or bright colour cloth . may be they have more different types of colour than now . 
fashions are always changing therefore it is really difficult to say what sort of clothes people will wear in the future . but when i hear the word future , i have an image of metallic colours so that in my imagination they are wearing metallic or brightly coloured clothes . maybe they will have more colours than now . 
however i think the style of fashion will not have big differences because i believe that fashion is in a circle . the mean of this is all our fashion styles come from history . for example our fashion style at the moment is comes from 70's fashion . we always repeat the fashion with adding some new fashion at that time . 
however , i think the fashion will not have don't think the fashion will have big differences because i believe that fashion is in a circle . the mean of this is all our fashions come from history . for example our style at the moment comes from 70's fashion . we always repeat the fashion with adding some new fashion at that time . 
i think the people will wear clothes which are metalic or bright colourful colour with mixture of history and future fashion style . in future . 
i think people will wear clothes which are metallic or bright colourful colour with mixture of history and future fashion style in the future . 
dear sir , 
dear sir , 
according to the evening i have passed in your theatre , i was supposed to see " over the rainbow " ( as you wrote on the publicity paper ) . 
on the evening i have spent spent in your theatre , i was supposed to see " over the rainbow " ( as you wrote on the flyer ) . 
however , it was absolutely not like you described ! 
however , it was not as you described ! 
first , there was a big late about the time . the show begun 45 minutes later than supposed ! 
first , there was a big delay with the performance . the show began 45 minutes later than expected ! 
to make matter worse , we have never had the oppurtunity to see danny brook because , instead , there was a different actor ! how can you explain that big mistake ? at the top of everything , you proposed us to visit your theatre restaurant after the show . how could we visit this place , if it is not open ? ! 
to make matters worse , we have never had the opportunity to see danny brook because , instead , there was a different actor ! how can you explain that big mistake ? on top of everything , you told us to visit your theatre restaurant after the show . how could we visit this place if it is not open ? ! 
you wrote so persuately that it would be our " perfect evening out " . . . 
you wrote so persuasively that it would be our " perfect evening out " . . . 
i am really disappointed about this experience . i spent 20 - and not as you wrote " discount available " . i will not make troubles but i ask you politely my money back . 
i am really disappointed about this experience . i spent 20 - and there was not as you wrote any " discount available " . i will not make trouble but i ask you politely for my money back . 
i hope , you will agree and share my disappointement . 
i hope you will agree and share my disappointment . 
i am looking forward to staying in contact with you . 
i am looking forward to staying in contact with you . 
sincerly yours , 
sincerely yours , 
fashion of the future
fashion of the future
future , everybody ask how will our world look like . what's about the fashion in 100 years ? 
the future . everybody asks what our world will look like . what about fashion in 100 years ? 
i think we have to take in consideration our enviroment : the pollution makes more and more the atmosphere warmer . in fact , winterseason will be rare or will maybe even disappear . the ice will smellt , the weather will be warmer . 
i think we have to take into consideration our environment our environment into consideration : pollution makes the atmosphere warmer and warmer . in fact , winters will be rare or will maybe even disappear . the ice will melt , the weather will be warmer . 
people won't wear warm clothes anymore and they will certenly be sinthetic , because there won't be enough place to cultivite cotton and to let grass sheeps . 
people won't wear warm clothes anymore and they will certainly be synthetic , because there won't be enough places to cultivate cotton and to let graze sheep sheep graze . 
community: another very important point ! electronical community takes more and more pace in our habitual lifestyle . we see , the objects will come smaller . so small that i can imagine , they will be introduce ( maybe like chips ) in our clothes . 
community: another very important point ! electronic the electronic community takes more and more pace in our lifestyle . we will see objects become smaller . so small that i can not imagine , they will be introduced ( maybe like chips ) into our clothes . 
our feelings will be transmit electronical through our clothes to other people . i think at internet . " internet on our body " . . i'm shure that is not impossible ! 
our feelings will be transmitted electronically through our clothes to other people . i think of an internet . " the internet on our body " . . i'm sure that is not impossible ! 
clothes will take a very important place in our future . they will be like a second skin . 
clothes will take a very important place in our future . they will be like a second skin . 
or do you think , an icetime will come ? 
or do you think , an ice age will come ? 
dear sirs , 
dear sirs , 
i am writing to complain about your musical show which i saw last saturday . 
i am writing to complain about your musical show , which i saw last saturday . 
according to your advertisement , one of the stars was supposed to be danny brook . however , a different actor play the role instead of him . you can imagine how upset i felt , as i really wanted to see his performance . 
according to your advertisement , one of the stars was supposed to be danny brook . however , a different actor played the role instead of him . you can imagine how upset i felt , as i really wanted to see his performance . 
to make matters worse , despite the fact that the second show of the day was scheduled to start from 7:30 p . m , it started from 8:15 p . m . what's more , the theatre restaurant was closed , because the chef suddenly took a day off . on top of everything , although your advertisement told me that i would receive some discounts , there were no discounts available . 
to make matters worse , despite the fact that the second show of the day was scheduled to start at 7:30 p . m . , it started at 8:15 p . m . what's more , the theatre restaurant was closed , because the chef suddenly took a day off . on top of everything , although your advertisement told me that i would receive some discounts , there were no discounts available . 
i was really disappointed at your show . i expect a full refund plus compensation for my dissatisfaction and discomfort which i suffered . i look forward to receiving your response within the next seven days . 
i was really disappointed with your show . i expect a full refund plus compensation for my dissatisfaction and the discomfort which i suffered . i look forward to receiving your response within the next seven days . 
yours faithfully , 
yours faithfully , 
in these days , young people prefer wearing shabby and scruffy clothes to wearing neat and tidy clothes . 
these days , young people prefer wearing shabby and scruffy clothes to wearing neat and tidy clothes . 
in other words , their fashion has become more casual . i think this tendancy will become more common in the future . 
in other words , their fashion has become more casual . i think this tendency will become more common in the future . 
in general , their parents don't like their fashion . they want their children to wear clothes neatly . when they were young , they judged the other person by his appearance . they also were asked to wear clothes which was in accordance with the occasion . 
in general , their parents don't like their fashion . they want their children to wear clothes neat smart smart clothes . when they were young , they judged another person by his appearance . they were also asked to wear clothes which were in accordance with the occasion . 
in my opinion , this is still correct . however , people noticed that what is important is not their clothes but their mind . 
in my opinion , this is still correct . however , people have noticed that what is important is not their clothes but their mind . 
if someone doesn't have enough knowledge about the event which he attends , even if he wears clothes neatly , he doesn't look like a gentleman . 
if someone doesn't know much about the event which he is attending , even if he wears clothes neat smart smart clothes , he doesn't look like a gentleman . 
what i want to say is that people don't mind their clothes if he has enough knowledge about what he needs . 
what i want to say is that people don't mind his clothes if he has enough knowledge about what he needs . 
to sum up , people can wear clothes more freely , in the future . what is important is not their fashion but their knowledge , attitude to everthing including fashion . 
to sum up , people will wear clothes more freely , in the future . what is important is not their fashion but their knowledge , attitude to everything including fashion . 
dear sir or madam , 
dear sir or madam , 
i am writing to complain about some problems i had when i went to the circle theatre two weeks ago . 
i am writing to complain about some problems i had when i went to the circle theatre two weeks ago . 
firstly , danny brook and tina truelove were supposed to perform in the show but instead of them different actors performed badly . 
firstly , danny brook and tina truelove were supposed to perform in the show but instead of them different actors performed - badly . 
secondly , the show should have had started at 19:30 but it started later , at 20:15 . the theatre also promised discounts , which were not available , so i had to pay the full amount . 
secondly , the show should have started at 19:30 but it started late , at 20:15 . the theatre also promised discounts , which were not available , so i had to pay the full amount . 
i also wanted to visit the theatre restaurant after the show , but it was impossible because it closed at 20:30 and the show finished at 21:00
i also wanted to visit the theatre restaurant after the show , but that was impossible because it closed at 20:30 and the show finished at 21:00
finaly , i would like to ask you 20 back as i was not satisfied with your services . i hope you pay attention to my complains . i would not like to take legal action , as it would not be convenient for both of us , but i will if i consider it necessary . 
finally , i would like to ask you for 20 back as i was not satisfied with your services . i hope you pay attention to my complaints . i would not like to take legal action , as it would not be convenient for either of us , but i will if i consider it necessary . 
i will be looking forward to hearing from you . 
i will be looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours faithfully
yours faithfully
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets but she was my best friend and i had to tell someone what had happened to me . 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets but she was my best friend and i had to tell someone what had happened to me . 
so i phoned her and told her the whole story . last weekend in the local festival , that is held every year in our town , i was walking with my little sister , who is three years old . she started running and got lost . so while i was looking for her i saw the director of my school , mr smythe , stealing money from a small shop . i could not believe my eyes ! when mr smythe saw me there , he told me: " if you say a word you're going to be in serious trouble . " 
so i phoned her and told her the whole story . last weekend at the local festival , which is held every year in our town , i was walking with my little sister , who is three years old . she started running and got lost . so while i was looking for her i saw the director of my school , mr smythe , stealing money from a small shop . i could not believe my eyes ! when mr smythe saw me there , he told me: " if you say a word you're going to be in serious trouble . " 
but pat could not resist the temptention of calling the police . we were at school when she told me this and mr smythe went to our class and said to me " may i talk to you ? " . in that moment i felt so nervous and terrified that i faint . 
but pat could not resist the temptation to call the police . we were at school when she told me this and mr smythe went to our class and said to me , " may i talk to you ? " . at that moment i felt so nervous and terrified that i fainted . 
when i came around mr smythe was under arrest and fortunately , thing finished well for me . 
when i came to mr smythe was under arrest and , fortunately , this thing finished well for me . 
dear sir , 
dear sir , 
last week i had the chance to spend time in london and this is why i decided to go to the circle theatre to see the musical show . 
last week i had the chance to spend time in london and this is why i decided to go to the circle theatre to see the show . 
firstly , i would like to tell you i had unfortunately a very bad evening . indeed , i was very surprise to ear when i asked for a discount that it was not possible to have one . 
firstly , i would like to tell you i unfortunately had a very bad evening . indeed , i was very surprised to hear when i asked for a discount that it was not possible to get one . 
in spite of that , i finally decided to take one ticket . 
in spite of that , i finally decided to get one ticket . 
the other bad point was the time when the show started , it was already 20:15 when the first star entred on the scene , but your advertisement sayed 19 . 30 ! 
the other bad point was the time when the show started , it was already 20:15 when the first star entered came on stage , but your advertisement said 19 . 30 ! 
the worst was when the actors were presented to us and the starring names were completely different than i expected . 
the worst was when the actors were presented to us and the starring names were completely different to what i expected . 
finaly , i didn't understand why you pushed people to visit your restaurant if you don't open it after the show ! 
finally , i didn't understand why you pushed people to visit your restaurant if you don't open it after the show ! 
this is why for all of those good reasons i am asking for some money back . 
this is why , for all of these good reasons , i am asking for some money back . 
i am sure you will understand my request regarding my complaint , your credibility is depending of . 
i am sure you will understand my request regarding my complaint , your credibility is depending on it . 
i look forward to earing from you . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
your faithfully . 
yours faithfully . 
our century is a century of changes , of evolution . since the end of the 40's which is the period where the technology started , nobody can say that nothing has changed . 
our century is a century of changes , of evolution . since the end of the 40's , which is the period when technology started to advance , nobody can say that nothing has changed . 
every day , from the morning to the evening we are completely dependent of the technology . 
every day , from the morning to the evening we are completely dependent on technology . 
in fact our life style is based on the technology , now , if we want to stay at home without having contact with other people , we can do it , we just need a computer and a modem and that's it . 
in fact our lifestyle is based on technology , now , if we want to stay at home without having contact with other people , we can do it , we just need a computer and a modem and that's it . 
if i want to discuss with friends or order a pizza , i can do it easely as i want , when it want . in spite of that , i think the technology is improving my quality of life . 
if i want to discuss something with friends or order a pizza , i can do it as easily as i want , when i want . because of that , i think technology is improving my quality of life . 
a good example is the celular phone , i can contact my family without problem , i can inform my company if i had an accident with my car . 
a good example is the cellular phone . i can contact my family without any problem , i can inform my company if i have an accident in my car . 
if i compare my life now with the life of my grand parents , i think both are comparable , i say that because without knowing the technology , it's difficult to imagine a best life , in fact , you leave with your time . even if the technology is important for my quality of life , i am not able to say if it will continue to be the case in 10 years . 
if i compare my life now with the life of my grandparents , i think both are comparable . i say that because without knowing about the technology , it's difficult to imagine a better life , in fact , you leave with your time . even if technology is important for my quality of life , i am not able to say if that will continue to be the case in 10 years . 
dear sir , 
dear sir , 
i am carlos gregore and during my last holiday i stayed in london for a week . then , i read the advertisement for the show of your theatre and i decided to see it . 
i am carlos gregore and during my last holiday i stayed in london for a week . it was then i read the advertisement for the show at your theatre and i decided to see it . 
unfortunately , i noted on the advertisement , a lot of wrong points :
unfortunately , i noticed on the advertisement a lot of inaccuracies a lot of inaccuracies on the advertisement :
an actor was changed and the pubblic were no informated . 
an actor was changed and the public were not informed . 
the show started 45 minuts late without valid reasons ! 
the show started 45 minutes late without any valid reasons ! 
there were no discounts available like the advertisement had written . 
there were no discounts available like the ones in the advertisement . 
at the end , the theatre resturant was closed for holiday ! 
finally , the theatre restaurant was closed for the holiday ! 
at the bottom of the advertisement was wrote :
at the bottom of the advertisement was written :
" your perfect evening out " but i think i had a very disappointing evening ! 
" your perfect evening out " but i think i had a very disappointing evening ! 
so i decided to write you this letter to note that wrong informations and to ask for the restitution of the price of ticket or a part of that . i hope you read this and write me to know somethings about my money
so i decided to write you this letter to complain about the inaccurate information and to ask for a refund for the price of the ticket or a part of that . i hope you read this and write to me to let me know something about my money
your 
yours 
i think the modern tecnology is very important to my life . i also think i am lucky , because i live in a period of tecnologic boom . 
i think modern technology is very important in my life . i also think i am lucky , because i live in a period of technological boom . 
in the last fifty years the human tecnologies are growed up exponensially . first the conquist of the space , then the computers , and now the new biotecnologies have changed , and are changing , the face of the word . 
in the last fifty years human technologies have grown exponentially . first the conquest of space , then computers , and now the new biotechnologies have changed , and are changing , the face of the world . 
my daily life should be changed by these innovations ! at the present day , for ecsample , a lot of people have a personal computer at home , and a very big part of that have also internet , the new frontier of computers evolution . 
my daily life should be changed by these innovations ! in the present day , for example , a lot of people have a personal computer at home , and a very large proportion of those also have the internet , the new frontier of computer evolution . 
if i look back in the past i can find that computer is following the same street of television , telephon and a lot of other things , that now the biggest part of population have at home . 
if i look back to the past i find that the computer is following the same route as television , the telephone and a lot of other things that now the largest part of the population have at home . 
so , in my opinion , new tecnology has changed , is changeing and will change my daily life , i hope that after my life is better . 
so , in my opinion , new technology has changed , is changing and will change my daily life ; i hope that afterwards my life will be better . 
dear sir or madam , 
dear sir or madam , 
i am writing in order to explain to you the problems regarding the musical show i saw at your theatre . 
i am writing in order to explain to you the problems regarding the musical show i saw at your theatre . 
first of all , there was written in the advertisement for the show , that there would be danny brook as main actor , but a different actor played in the show . 
first of all , it was written in the advertisement for the show that the main actor would be danny brook , but a different actor played in the show . 
the show started forty-five minutes later and this really disappointed me . besides , when i bought the ticket , i found out there was not discounts for ticket , while you wrote the contrary . moreover , i could not go to the theatre restaurant because , by the time the show had finished , it had already closed . 
the show started forty-five minutes late and this really disappointed me . besides , when i bought the ticket , i found out there were not any discounts for tickets , while you wrote the contrary . moreover , i could not go to the theatre restaurant because , by the time the show had finished , it had already closed . 
definetely , it was a very disappointing evening and i would appreciate your if it was possible to have my money back . 
definitely , it was a very disappointing evening and i would appreciate it if it is possible to have my money back . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you in the near future . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you in the near future . 
yours faithfully , 
yours faithfully , 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . she was a very pretty and kind girl , but she had this bad habit . this was her only fault . she had a lot of friends but nobody trusted her . that was why she decide to change her behaviour . she was given a chance: if she had been able not to tell everybody a secret for a short time , her friends would have started trusting her . the secret was about a surprise-party for her bestfriend's birthday . as soon as the arrangement for the party started , she began to feel nervous and anxious because she wanted to tell everything to her bestfriend . but , as the days went by , she was surprised because she realized she was getting used not to tell secrets any more . the day of the party arrived and pat succeeded in keeping the secret . all her friends were amazed at her change and started trusting her at once . 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . she was a very pretty and kind girl , but she had this bad habit . this was her only fault . she had a lot of friends but nobody trusted her . that was why she decided to change her behaviour . she was given a chance: if she was able not to tell everybody a secret for a short time , her friends would start trusting her . the secret was about a surprise party for her best friend's birthday . as soon as the arrangements for the party started , she began to feel nervous and anxious because she wanted to tell everything to her best friend . but , as the days went by , she was surprised because she realized she was getting used to not telling secrets anymore . the day of the party arrived and pat succeeded in keeping the secret . all her friends were amazed at how she had changed and started trusting her at once . 
to the manager of the circle theatre . 
to the manager of the circle theatre . 
i am pinar xxx . one week ago i watched your show . i was so disappointed because i didn't find what i expect at your show . 
i am pinar xxx . one week ago i watched your show . i was very disappointed because i didn't find what i was expecting at your show . 
the first thing that dissapoint me was the starring . i expected to see danny brook because at the paper that you have given to me it wrote that danny brook came but there was a different actor . then you wrote that it start at 19 . 30 but it started at 20:15 . you wrote that discounts available but they are not available . you wrote that " visit our restaurant after the show " so i didn't eat my supper , to eat at your restaurant . but the reastaurant was closed because the show started 20:15 and finissed at 00 . 15 and the restaurant was opened until 00 . 00 . finally you wrote that " your perfect evening out " but after all this problems how would you expect the to have a perfect evening out . 
the first thing that disappoint disappointed me was the star . i expected to see danny brook because on the paper that you gave to me it was written that danny brook was coming but there was a different actor . then you wrote that it started at 19 . 30 but it started at 20:15 . you wrote that discounts were available but they were not available . you wrote " visit our restaurant after the show " so i didn't eat my supper , to eat at your restaurant , but the restaurant was closed because the show started at 20:15 and finished at 00 . 15 and the restaurant was open until 00 . 00 . finally you wrote that it would be " your perfect evening out " but after all these problems how would you expect me to have a perfect evening out ? 
after all this problems i became dissappointed . because that was only a week holiday in london . if you would give me some of my money back that would be a great excuse for the loss of time and my dissopointness . 
after all these problems i became disappointed because it was only a week's holiday in london . if you could give me some of my money back that would be a great apology for the waste of time and my disappointness disappointment . 
unfortunately , pat wasn't good at keeping secrets . i know that before but i thought that he may change . i trusted him and told about the reality . it was about marine , who was our clase friends . 
unfortunately , pat wasn't good at keeping secrets . i had known that before but i thought that he might have changed . i trusted him and told him the truth . it was about marine , who was our close friend . 
the reality was marine's parents are not her real parents , they found her in their houses garden . they try so many things to find her family for one year they did everything to find her family but they couldn't find . in this one year they spend most of their time with marine and they loved her so much and they want to be her parents . when marine was three years old a man came to their house and sad that he is marine's father and wont to take her . and he added that he leave marine because her mother was dead two days after marine's birth . and the police thought marine's father did this so they put him on prison he had nobody that he can give marry so he leave her on their garden . the marine's real father want her back but the other cuples didn't want to give her because they loved marine so much . they give a lot of money to marine's real father to take her . after that marine's father take the money &amp; left her . the cuples couldn't say the reality to marine because they were afraid of losing her . 
the reality was that marine's parents were not her real parents , they found her in their house's garden . they tried so many things to find her family . for a year they did everything to find her family but they couldn't find them . in this one year they spent most of their time with marine and they loved her so much and they wanted to be her parents . when marine was three years old a man came to their house and said that he was marine's father and he want wanted to take her , and he added that he left marine because her mother died two days after marine's birth and the police thought marine's father did this so they put him in prison . he had nobody that he could give marine to so he left her in their garden . marine's real father wanted her back but the other couples couple didn't want to give her back because they loved marine so much . they gave a lot of money to marine's real father to keep her . after that marine's father took the money &amp; left her . the couples couple couldn't tell the truth to marine because they were afraid of losing her . 
after i told the reality the pat . pat said this the marine . marine said to pat that " i had knowed that because i talked with my real father every month but my parents doesn't know that because i am waiting for them to say me the reality " . 
after i told the truth pat pat the truth pat said this to marine . marine said to pat " i had known knew that because i talk to my real father every month but my parents don't know that because i am waiting for them to tell me the truth " . 
dear manager
dear manager
i went to the theatre to see a musical show " over the rainbow " and had a very disappointing evening . 
i went to the theatre to see a musical show , " over the rainbow " , and had a very disappointing evening . 
according to your advertisement , the actor should be danny brook , but infact it was different person . my ticket was for 19 . 30 , but it started very late , it started 20:15 . when the show finished , it was too late to catch the train to home . i had to take taxi . it costed me 30 . " what a waste ! , , by the way , i didn't see any discounts for buying tickets . one more thing , the theatre restaurant was closed when i get there for a glass of drink , i don't know why , there was no written notes or information about that . i am not sure that i did have a perfect evening out . 
according to your advertisement , the actor should have been danny brook , but in fact it was a different person . my ticket was for 19 . 30 , but it started very late . it started at 20:15 . when the show finished , it was too late to catch the train home . i had to take a taxi . it cost me 30 . " what a waste ! , , by the way , i didn't see any discounts on tickets . one more thing , the theatre restaurant was closed when i got went there for a drink . i don't know why . there was no note or information about that . i am not sure that i did have a perfect evening out . 
would you consider to give my money back ? if the refund is available , it would be grateful . 
would you consider giving me my money back ? if a refund is available , that would be great . 
i would look forward to hearing from you as soon as possible . 
i look forward to hearing from you as soon as possible . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . pat is one of my colleges in the office . she works with me . we get on very well . she is a single mum . she always talks about her private life to me , and i thought we understood each other , because when i talked about my private life to her , she seemed very understandable . 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . pat is one of my colleagues from the office . she works with me . we get on very well . she is a single mum . she always talks about her private life to me , and i thought we understood each other , because when i talked about my private life to her , she seemed very understanding . 
last week , i missed work on tuesday , so pat had to work harder because she was all alone . i appreciated her and she wouldn't mind . i told her the reason that i had to miss the work . my son was in prison . i had to go and see him . i still don't know how it really happens to him . all i know is about drug smuggling , that he involved . i asked to her not to tell anyone , because i didn't want others know about this . i am very private person . 
last week , i missed work on tuesday , so pat had to work harder because she was all alone . i appreciated her and she didn't mind . i told her the reason why i had to miss work . my son was in prison . i had to go and see him . i still don't know how it really happened to him . all i know is it is about drug smuggling , and that he is involved . i asked her not to tell anyone , because i didn't want others to know about this . i am a very private person . 
yesterday morning , i went to toilet , i overherd two people talking about my son i felt pity on myself and i burst into tears . i quickly got out of toilet . i don't remember how i finished work that day . 
yesterday morning , i went to the toilet . i overheard two people talking about my son . i felt sorry for myself and i burst into tears . i quickly got out of the toilet . i don't remember how i finished work that day . 
nowadays , it is hard to trust people . no one is perfect . everybody make mistakes . i decided to forgive my friend pat . 
nowadays , it is hard to trust people . no one is perfect . everybody makes mistakes . i decided to forgive my friend pat . 
june 17th 2000
june 17th 2000
" dear " menager of the circle theatre , 
" dear " manager of the circle theatre , 
i went in london for a week of " pure holiday " thinking to have some fun coming to see your musical show . 
i went to london for a week of " pure holiday " , thinking i would have some fun going to see your musical show . 
on the advertisement it had been written that there would have been danny brook too . ( i like him very much and , truly , i came to the theatre just to see him ) 
in the advertisement it was written that there would be danny brook danny brook would be there too . ( i like him very much and , frankly , i came to the theatre just to see him ) 
when i entered i didn't get the discount ( as it has been written ! ! ) the show had to started at 19:30 and i arrived before , frightened not to find a good place to see " my hero " . 
when i arrived i didn't get a discount ( which had been advertised ! ! ) the show was meant to start at 19:30 and i arrived early , frightened of not finding a good place to see " my hero " . 
i have waited for the show beginning until 20:15 ! ! ! ! is it a correct thing ? 
i waited for the show to start until 20:15 ! ! ! ! is that fair ? 
i was getting angry , but , finally , the show started and i became quiter . 
i was getting angry , but , finally , the show started and i became quieter . 
but . . when i saw that the actor wasn't danny brook but a different one , i was very disappointed . 
but . . when i saw that the actor wasn't danny brook but a different one , i was very disappointed . 
so , after the show , i would like to have a good meal in the " famous theatre restaurant " ( that , of course , was closed for a free night ! ! ! ! ) 
so , after the show , i would have liked to have a good meal in the " famous theatre restaurant " ( which , of course , was closed for a free night ! ! ! ! ) 
at the end , i asked for money back ( and paiment for my orrible night ) : do you think anybody give me back something ? ! 
in the end , i asked for i money back ( and payment for my horrible night ) : do you think anybody will give me something back ? ! 
i hope , that in the future , you will understand that it isn't right to write false things on an advertisement . 
i hope , that in the future , you will understand that it isn't right to write false things in an advertisement . 
thank you for your attention . 
thank you for your attention . 
faithfully
faithfully
science and technology characterize our moder society . they have taken a big progress in our every day life and they have always become more important for us . if you think that fifty years ago , when there weren't cars or any sort of comfort ( born just in the " industrial age " ) everything had to be done by hands or by animal work : i think in that time life was really harder than now ! we have to say that technological searches have taken in our society " their good fruits " but , at the same time , negative aspects too . walking on a city street , it's difficult to find parks or " green " places with trees and clean air: actually pollution , traffic and noize are the main problems of our society . i know i'm " daughter of this techological world " and unluckly i think i could'n stay without it: it's rather strange that today there's already somebody without phone , dishwasher , tv . . . but , sometimes i ask myself if the " ancient world " , without science , technological discoveries and industries was more authentic than the our one . 
science and technology characterize our modern society . they have made big progress in our everyday life and they are always becoming more important for us . if you think that fifty years ago , when there weren't cars or any sort of comforts ( born just in the " industrial age " ) everything had to be done by hand or by animal labour : i think at that time life was really much harder than now ! we have to say that technological advances have given our society " their good fruits " but , at the same time , they have negative aspects too . walking on a city street , it's difficult to find parks or " green " places with trees and clean air: actually pollution , traffic and noise are the main problems of our society . i know i'm a " daughter of this technological world " and unluckily i think i couldn't live without it: it's rather strange that today there's still somebody without a phone , dishwasher , tv . . . but , sometimes i ask myself if the " ancient world " , without science , technological innovations and industries was more authentic than our one . 
dear sir/madam ! 
dear sir/madam ! 
i'm a student from st . petersburg , and i'm studing in a theatre acodimy . my freind &amp; came to london for an excursion . we were lucky to get tickets to the , , over the rainbow " show in your theatre . 
i'm a student from st . petersburg , and i'm studying in a drama academy . my friend &amp; came to london for an excursion . we were lucky to get tickets to the , , over the rainbow " show in your theatre . 
danny brook is my favorit actor &amp; to see him was my dream from my childhood ! it was a suprise when we were told there will be another actor . also we expected to get a discounts as a students , but international students cards are not available in your theater ( that is very strange - even your advertisment has an information about discounts ) . another problem - we were very hungry that evening because the show was postpone 45 minutes ! so we were late to our supper in the hotel and theatre restaurant was also closed without any risons . 
danny brook is my favourite actor &amp; to see him was my dream since my childhood ! it was a surprise when we were told there would be another actor . also , we expected to get a discount as students , but international students cards are not valid in your theatre ( that is very strange - even your advertisement has information about discounts ) . another problem - we were very hungry that evening because the show was postponed delayed for 45 minutes ! so we were late for our supper in the hotel and the theatre restaurant was also closed without any reasons given . 
in the advertisment it was written , , your perfect evening out ! " , but it wasn't . and i think , i prooved you this . 
in the advertisement it said , , your perfect evening out ! " , but it wasn't . and i think , i proved you this i proved this to you . 
i'm waiting for your anser and hope i can get my money back ! 
i'm waiting for your answer and hope i can get my money back ! 
how has modern technology changed ( your ) my daily life ? our days i would call a days of great technologycal progress . you can find changes everywhere . industrial weel going faster and faster . 
how has modern technology changed ( your ) my daily life ? i would call our days days of great technological progress . you can find changes everywhere . industrial wheel going faster and faster . 
im dealing with a mobile communication - mobile phones and papers . i can see how different firms produces more &amp; more new mobile phone . they got more differet functions and form . 
i'm dealing with mobile communication - mobile phones and papers . i can see how different firms produce more &amp; more new mobile phones . they have more different functions and forms . 
it is very intresting for me how new works , there possiblyties . 
it is very interesting for me how new works , their possibilities . 
my job , i think is a good way to become a profesion in the future . and i hope to find a realy good job in a good company . communication business is a very progressive . more and more people buing mobile phones , because it is very usefull , you get a lot of possiblyties like: use an internet , buy different goods , book tickets , control your home technic and many authers . mobile communication is a key to sucsess in all professions that we have ! 
my job , i think is a good way to get a profession in the future . and i hope to find a really good job in a good company . the communication business is very progressive . more and more people buying buy mobile phones , because they are very useful , you get a lot of possibilities like: using the internet , buying different goods , booking tickets , controlling your home technic and many others . mobile communication is a key to success in all professions that we have ! 
and i think that i made a right choice in the profession - it is perfect combination: very progressiv way of a modern technology , and the most important thing - it is extremly interesting for me ! 
and i think that i made the right choice of profession - it is the perfect combination: a very progressive form of modern technology , and the most important thing - it is extremely interesting to me ! 
dear madam/sir , 
dear madam/sir , 
i'm writting to you to explain my problem that i have had in your theatre . 
i'm writing to you to explain the problem that i have had in your theatre . 
i recentely had a week's holiday in london , and during my stay , i went in your theatre to see " over the rainbow " because i have seen an advertisement about this show and i was really interrested to see it for many reasons , one of this reasons it is that i love the starring danny brook . and i would like that you know that i have had a very disappointing evening , due to the differences between the advertisement and the show that i saw . 
i recently had a week's holiday in london , and , during my stay , i went to your theatre to see " over the rainbow " because i had seen an advertisement for this show and i was really interested in seeing it for many reasons , one of the reasons is that i love the star , danny brook . and i would like you to know that i have had a very disappointing evening , due to the differences between the advertisement and the show that i saw . 
first of all , the actor was not danny brook . 
first of all , the actor was not danny brook . 
secondly , in your advertisement the time of the show was 19:30 and in reallity the show has started at 20:15 and the discount was not available . 
secondly , in your advertisement the time of the show was 19:30 and in reality the show started at 20:15 and the discount was not available . 
finally , i wanted to visit you theatre restaurant after the show but it was already closed . 
finally , i wanted to visit your theatre restaurant after the show but it was already closed . 
so , i had a very disappointing evening and it would be very kind of you if you give me back the money . 
so , i had a very disappointing evening and it would be very kind of you if you gave me back the money i spent . 
i'am looking forward to hear you as soon as possible . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you as soon as possible . 
your faithfully , 
yours faithfully , 
i think it is very good to have a science and technology because it can really affects our lives . 
i think it is very good to have science and technology because they can really affect our lives . 
for example 20 years ago , people who were affected by the aids virus couldn't live more than two or three years , but now with the new science , there is several therapi and now people affected by this virus can live many years . 
for example , 20 years ago , people who were affected by the aids virus couldn't live more than two or three years , but now with the new science , there are several therapy therapies and now people affected by this virus can live many years . 
i think you can do a lot of think now than before with the techonology . 
i think you can do a lot more thing things now than before with technology . 
you can travel around the world by train , by plane or by ship and maybe one day you can fly by car . why not . 
you can travel around the world by train , by plane or by ship and maybe one day you can fly by car . why not ? 
i hope that you will find this composition interesting . 
i hope that you will find this composition interesting . 
best reguard . 
best regards . 
dear mr manager
dear mr manager
with reference to the show last week . i am writing to complain about the show , which was very disappointed . 
with reference to the show last week , i am writing to complain about the show , which was very disappointing . 
in the advertisement , it state that the actor for this show is danny brook and tina truelove . as a result i asked my acquintance to come with me to the show . as soon as the show started . i realised that the actor wasn't danny . 
in the advertisement , it states that the actor in this show is danny brook and tina truelove . as a result i asked my acquaintance to come with me to the show . as soon as the show started , i realised that the actor wasn't danny . 
i was very disappointed . in addition the concert didn't start on time . it was quarter of an hour late . if i knew that the show was going to be late , i would ask my mom to come with me , because her working hour ended at eight o'clock . the restaurant was closed after the show ended . on the other hand there were no discounts available , as a result i had to paid extra money for the tickets . 
i was very disappointed . in addition the concert didn't start on time . it was a quarter of an hour late . if i had known that the show was going to be late , i would have asked my mom to come with me , because her working day ended at eight o'clock . the restaurant was closed after the show ended . also there were no discounts available . as a result i had to pay extra for the tickets . 
in conclusion it wasn't a perfect evening , i didn't enjoy it at all due to the failure advertisement . i would like to ask for my money back . 
in conclusion , it wasn't a perfect evening . i didn't enjoy it at all due to the inaccurate advertisement . i would like to ask for my money back . 
your sincerely
yours sincerely
thatt chitchee
thatt chitchee
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . as a result mallory had been arrested by the police two years ago . in addition he had to serve a life sentences . 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . as a result mallory had been arrested by the police two years ago . in addition he had to serve a life sentence . 
the story began in 1989 in new york . mallory and his partner , pat had planned the best plan in the world , which was to steal the diamond from the national bank . as a result the only way to get into the building was at the top of the build . their plan was to cut the alarm from the top of the building . the alarm was situated at the top . so they could take their time , rather than going in at the front door . as soon as mallory stole the diamond . he ran away . unfortunately the guard saw him . by the time he got out of the building , the cops was ever where but as long as mallory is alive , he won't be arrested , with his unpredicatable mind . he ran into the old build , and hidden a diamond in there . unfortunately the building was a police station . 
the story began in 1989 in new york . mallory and his partner , pat , had thought up the best plan in the world , which was to steal the diamond from the national bank . however , the only way to get into the building was at the top of the building . their plan was to cut the alarm from the top of the building . the alarm was situated at the top . so they could take their time , rather than going in through the front door . as soon as mallory stole the diamond , he ran away . unfortunately the guard saw him . by the time he got out of the building , the cops were every where everywhere but as long as mallory is alive , he won't be arrested , with his unpredictable mind . he ran into the old building , and hid a diamond in there . unfortunately , the building was a police station . 
to the attention of the circle theatre manager:
for the attention of the circle theatre manager:
dear sir , 
dear sir , 
i am writing to complain about your show " over the rainbow " and the conditions in which it is held . 
i am writing to complain about your show " over the rainbow " and the conditions in which it is performed . 
i was having a week's holiday in london when i decided to go to the theatre and see a musical show . i had read your advertisement in a morning newspaper and the show seemed very attractive to me . moreover an english friend of mine had told me that it would purely be a good show as danny brook was a very good actor . 
i was having a week's holiday in london when i decided to go to the theatre and see a musical . i had read your advertisement in a newspaper and the show seemed very attractive to me . moreover an english friend of mine had told me that it would really be a good show as danny brook was a very good actor . 
so on saturday , june 7 , i was there for the 7:30 pm show and here are my reasons for complaining . firstly , there were no discounts available as stated in your advertisement , not even for students , and i had to pay for a full-price ticket . secondly , we had to wait until 8:00 pm before being able to have a seat and the show finally beginned at 8:15 ! 
so on saturday , june 7 , i was there for the 7:30 pm show and here are my reasons for complaining . firstly , there were no discounts available such as those stated in your advertisement , not even for students , and i had to pay for a full-price ticket . secondly , we had to wait until 8:00 pm before being able to take a seat and the show finally began at 8:15 ! 
no need to say how much i was disappointed to see that another actor was performing instead of danny brook and the actor didn't seem to have rehearsed the role very much . at the end of the show , i decided to have dinner in your theatre restaurant and i went there . . . just to find out that it was closed because it was being newly painted . 
no need to say how much i was disappointed to see that another actor was performing instead of danny brook and the actor didn't seem to have rehearsed the role very much . at the end of the show , i decided to have dinner in your theatre restaurant and i went there . . . only to find that it was closed because it was being repainted . 
to sum up , it was not the " perfect evening out ! " you advertised . so i am asking you to pay me back at least half of the ticket price for the inconvenience that was caused to me . i hope that you will understand my request and reply to me in a positive way by sending me a cheque to my address in france ( see the letterhead ) . 
to sum up , it was not the " perfect evening out ! " you advertised . so i am asking you to pay me back at least half of the ticket price for the inconvenience that was caused me . i hope that you will understand my request and reply to me in a positive way by sending me a cheque to my address in france ( see the letterhead ) . 
looking forward to receiving your reply very soon . 
looking forward to receiving your reply very soon . 
yours faithfully , 
yours faithfully , 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . that's what i learned from my own experience . 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . that's what i learned from my own experience . 
we were both in the same class in high school and used to spend a lot of time together; we were actually very good friends and had no secrets for each other . 
we were both in the same class in high school and used to spend a lot of time together; we were actually very good friends and had no secrets from each other . 
at that time , i used to buy a lotery ticket once a week and i sometimes won small amounts . one day , while i was checking my weekly ticket , i found out that i had five numbers out of six so that i would surely get a substancial amount of money . 
at that time , i used to buy a lottery ticket once a week and i sometimes won small amounts . one day , while i was checking my weekly ticket , i found out that i had five numbers out of six so that i would surely get a substantial amount of money . 
i had to wait ten days before the lotery head office would give me the cheque and one week before i could learn how much i had won . but i was too excited to keep it secret so i told pat that i had won a prize for five correct numbers and had her swear not to tell anyone . 
i had to wait ten days before the lottery head office would give me the cheque and one week before i could learn how much i had won . but i was too excited to keep it secret so i told pat that i had won a prize for five correct numbers and had her swear not to tell anyone . 
but soon everyone in the class was looking at me smillingly and i find out that i had many unsuspected friends . . . no longer after , they were asking me to pay a coffee or lunch for them; some proposed to go shopping , others to go to the cinema and the restaurant . well , they all seemed to be so different and behaved in such an unusual way each time they saw me that i began to think that they knew something about me . 
but soon everyone in the class was looking at me smilingly and i found out that i had many unsuspected friends . . . not long after , they were asking me to buy a coffee or lunch for them; some proposed going shopping , others going to the cinema and a restaurant . well , they all seemed to be so different and behaved in such an unusual way each time they saw me that i began to think that they knew something about me . 
endly came the end of the week and i went to the lotery office to check the amount i had won . i was very disappointed to learn that i'd only won three hundred francs for many people had found five numbers like me . so i told my friend pat how much i had won and the following day at school , everybody were just the same as they ever were with me . . . 
finally the end of the week came and i went to the lottery office to find out the amount i had won . i was very disappointed to learn that i'd only won three hundred francs because a lot of people had had five numbers like me . so i told my friend pat how much i had won and the following day at school everybody was just the same as they ever were with me . . . 
dear sir or madam , 
dear sir or madam , 
last saturday i went to your theatre to see the new musical show ; " over the rainbow " 
last saturday i went to your theatre to see the new musical show " over the rainbow " . 
it was writing on the advertisement that danny brook was going to play with tina truelove , but it was not him who played . that disappointed both me and the people who just went to see him . 
it was written in the advertisement that danny brook was going to star with tina truelove , but it was not him who starred . that disappointed me and the people who just went to see him . 
and the times ; the show had to start at 19:30 , however it started at 20:15 . therefore , people there had to wait for 45 minutes . also , there was said to be discounts for the ticket but i saw nothing like this . all people there gave the same amount of money . after the show , i went to the restaurant in the theatre to eat something but it was closed because it was being cleaned that day . 
and regarding the times time , the show was meant to start at 19:30 , however it started at 20:15 . therefore , people there had to wait for 45 minutes . also , it was said there would be discounts on the tickets but i had nothing like this . all the people there paid the same amount of money . after the show , i went to the restaurant in the theatre to eat something but it was closed because it was being cleaned that day . 
i had a horrible evening , just the opposite of what i expected , so i want my money back . 
i had a horrible evening , just the opposite of what i expected , so i want my money back . 
your faithfully , 
yours faithfully , 
the big fault 
the big mistake 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . it was a big fault to gave her a secret , especially an important one . 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . it was a big mistake to tell her a secret , especially an important one . 
it all started two years ago . rod was a happy man at that times . one day , while he was gardening , he saw an old lady being kidnapped by some strange man , who he ran after and caught one of whom . just then , the strange man took out his gun . rod jumped on him and the man killed himself , by his own gun . nobody saw or nobody heard what had happened . 
it all started two years ago . rod was a happy man at that time . one day , while he was gardening , he saw an old lady being kidnapped by some strange men , who he ran after and he caught one of whom one of whom he caught . just then , the strange man took out his gun . rod jumped on him and the man killed himself with his own gun . nobody saw and nobody heard what had happened . 
rod told this to nobody , except pat , his best friend . one day , when they were arguing , pat was very anxious and told what she knew to police . 
rod told this to nobody , except pat , his best friend . one day , when they were arguing , pat was very anxious and told what she knew to the police . 
rod was arrested that day and was sent to prison . he then was killed by the other man who escaped that day and was caught soon afterwards . 
rod was arrested that day and was sent to prison . he was then killed by the other man who escaped that day and was caught soon afterwards . 
rod's grave is now in prison . and these lines writes on his gravestone:
rod's grave is now in prison . and these lines write are written on his gravestone:
here lies the poor body of rod , 
here lies the body of poor rod , 
never give your secrets away , 
never give your secrets away , 
this is why poor rod died . 
this is why poor rod died . 
and everyone was surprised . 
and everyone was surprised . 
dear sir , 
dear sir , 
my name is furilo j . m . and last month i spent a few days in london , i visited you theatre . 
my name is furilo j . m . and last month i spent a few days in london ; i visited your theatre . 
the reason i'm writting this letter for you is that in my staying in london i felt very disappointed about your theatre . 
the reason i'm writing this letter to you is that during my stay in london i felt very disappointed about your theatre . 
when i went to that theatre i was very excited because i was thinking i would see my favourite musical star , someone actually didn't appear , i noticed there in the show , someone completely different of him so i felt bad . 
when i went to that theatre i was very excited because i was thinking i would see my favourite musical star , someone who actually didn't appear ; i noticed that in the show , there was someone completely different to him so i felt bad . 
moreover , this complaining is not only about the actor , who ever , the problem is that the show started too late . i arrived there at 19:00 and the show began only 20:15 . 
moreover , this complaint is not only about the actor , whoever , the problem is that the show started too late . i arrived there at 19:00 and the show began at 20:15 . 
i bought my tickets , i noticed i didn't have any discounts as it was written on the folder . after the show i wanted some thing on the theatre's restaurant , but it was closed . 
when i bought my tickets , i noticed i didn't get any discount like the one that was written on the folder . after the show i wanted something from the theatre's restaurant , but it was closed . 
after all the inconvenients that made me feel really mad . i think i can forgive your theatre , only if you give me a refund of the money i spent there , and some other more for all the problems i had . 
after all the inconvenience that made me feel really mad . i think i can only forgive your theatre if you give me a refund of the money i spent there , and some more for all the problems i had . 
yours faithfully , 
yours faithfully , 
technology nowadays is something everybody has on your own mind . every person in the world looks for technology everyday to improve the way they live their own life . 
technology nowadays is something everybody has on his mind . every person in the world looks to technology every day to improve the way they live their own lives . 
we young people don't remember when technology wasn't part of our daily life , but our parents , or grand parents remember exactly when they were young , and everything was made in a different way , for example our parents didn't have computers at home when they were teenagers . 
we young people don't remember when technology wasn't part of our daily life , but our parents , or grandparents remember it well from when they were young , and everything was made in a different way . for example our parents didn't have computers at home when they were teenagers . 
nowadays , it's very common to have a computer at your house , and when you have to do a homework , you can type it on your computer , print it and bring it to the school , also you can search for new subjects on the internet . 
nowadays , it's very common to have a computer in your house , and when you have to do some homework , you can type it on your computer , print it and bring it to school . also you can search for new subjects on the internet . 
finally , technology is a word that will never get out of our minds , and we don't know how technology , and in which speed it will develop to the future . maybe , technology will never stop growing and our life will never work without computers . 
finally , technology is a word that we will never get out of our minds , and we don't know how , or at what speed , it will develop in the future . maybe , technology will never stop advancing and our life will never work without computers . 
manager of the circle theatre
manager of the circle theatre
17th june 2000
17th june 2000
dear sir , 
dear sir , 
i am waiting this letter re fearing to the show " over the rainbow " you presented the 10 of this month . 
i am writing this letter referring to the show " over the rainbow " you put on on the 10 of this month . 
i read your advertissement five days before , and i was realy impressed by it . but , the quality of this show wasn't what you let understand , an i feel realy disappointed by it . i want to give you some details about my feelings . 
i read your advertisement five days before , and i was really impressed by it . but , the quality of this show wasn't what you led me to believe it would be , and i feel really disappointed by it . i want to give you some details about my feelings . 
first of all , you presented a starring composed with danny brook , but he wasn't there ! secondly , the show should start at 19 . 30 , and in fact it started 45 minutes late . then , i am a student , and when i bought my ticket , there wasn't any discounts . finally , i hoped that i could have a diner in the restaurant after the show , but , to make my totally disappointed , it was closed , and i had to find another restaurant at 22 . 00 . 
first of all , you advertised a cast including danny brook , but he wasn't there ! secondly , the show should start at 19 . 30 , and in fact it started 45 minutes late . then , i am a student , and when i bought my ticket , there weren't any discounts . finally , i had hoped that i could have dinner in the restaurant after the show , but , to make me totally disappointed , it was closed , and i had to find another restaurant at 22 . 00 . 
so you can imagine how i am satisfied by your pretending " perfect evening " . 
so you can imagine how satisfied i am by your claiming it would be a " perfect evening " . 
for all these reasons , and if you want to keep me a costumer , i would be gratfull if you give me some or all my money back . 
for all these reasons , and if you want to keep me as a customer , i would be grateful if you gave me some or all of my money back . 
looking forward to hearing from you , 
looking forward to hearing from you , 
yours sincerly , 
yours sincerely , 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . 
my marks wasn't good enought to obtain my degree in computer science , and the exam session was finished . there was no solutions to finally obtain the diploma . 
my marks weren't good enough to obtain my degree in computer science , and the exam session was finished . there was no solution way to obtain the diploma . 
you need more explanations about me to understand my motivations at the end of this story . in fact , i did this kind of studies because of my interests in programming . the problem is that i can't keep calm during an exam to succeed . 
you need more explanations from me to understand my motivation at the end of this story . in fact , i did this kind of study because of my interests in programming . the problem is that i can't keep calm during an exam . 
that's why i decided to hack the teacher's computers to change all my marks . 
that's why i decided to hack into the teacher's computers to change all my marks . 
i never talked about this project to anyone , exept my best friend pat . 
i never talked about this project to anyone , except my best friend pat . 
at the end of the exam session , all students and teachers meet together for a big party , to celebrate it . 
at the end of the exam session , all students and teachers meet together for a big party , to celebrate . 
during this party , pat drank too much . and when he was totally drunk , he started speaking . then , the teachers made copies of their file , and my project wasn't possible anymore . 
during this party , pat drank too much . and when he was totally drunk , he started speaking . then , the teachers made copies of their files , and my project wasn't possible anymore . 
so congratulation everybody . and i think i will still be there next year . 
so congratulations everybody . and i think i will still be here next year . 
lausanne , the 20th of may 2000
lausanne , the 20th of may 2000
dear m . smith , 
dear m . smith , 
my name is marie bouchard , i come from switzerland . two weeks ago , i spent a week in your fabulous city of london with my friend . on thursday , the 3rd of may 2000 , we went to your theatre to see " over the rainbow " . unfortunately , we were really disappointed about everything in the theatre . 
my name is marie bouchard , i come from switzerland . two weeks ago , i spent a week in your fabulous city of london with my friend . on thursday , the 3rd of may 2000 , we went to your theatre to see " over the rainbow " . unfortunately , we were really disappointed about everything in the theatre . 
firstly , we got our tickets in your ticket office just one hour before the show . we thought , as usual we do in london theatre , we could have discounts as it's written on your advertisement . surprisily , there were no discounds . 
firstly , we got our tickets at your ticket office just one hour before the show . we thought , as usually we do in london theatres , we could get discounts , and it's written on your advertisement . surprisingly , there were no discounts . 
secondly , the show started at 20:15 instead of 19:30 , it's a theatre but not a concert hall ! ! ! ! 
secondly , the show started at 20:15 instead of 19:30 ; it's a theatre , not a concert hall ! ! ! ! 
thirdly , we were astonished about the actors whose we know from others musical . why did you not change the name of your advertisement ? 
thirdly , we were astonished by the actors , whom we know from other musicals . why did you not change the names on your advertisement ? 
in the end , the restaurant was closed because you didn't have enough staffs , this evening ! ! nothing was serious . we really like london , the people , the night-life but this evening was really awful . 
in the end , the restaurant was closed because you didn't have enough staff that evening ! ! nothing was serious . we really like london , the people , the night-life but this evening was really awful . 
i sent to you a copie of our tickets . would you pleased return our money back . in advance , thank you . 
i have sent you a copy photocopy of our tickets . would you please return our money . in advance , thank you . 
i hope we are not the only people to be so upset , but it was the first and the last time that i came in your theatre . 
i hope we are not the only people to be so upset , but it was the first and the last time that i come to your theatre . 
sincerely yours
sincerely yours
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . when her best friend , scala , asked her an idea to surprise her husband because she's pregnant , pat put her feets in the plate just before scala's husband got the surprise . 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . when her best friend , scala , asked her for an idea to surprise her husband with because she was pregnant , pat put her feet in the plate foot in it just before scala's husband had the surprise . 
the problem is that pat works in the neubathin a little village . she's a secretary in an office . everybody knows everybody . 
the problem is that pat works in neubathin , a little village . she's a secretary in an office . everybody knows everybody . 
pat and scala have been good friends for 10 years , their husband too . 
pat and scala have been good friends for 10 years , their husbands too . 
it was a friday suny afternoon , scala was really excited to tell her the new . despite she knew that pat couldn't keep secret but for this time she was confident maybe too . 
it was a friday sunny sunny friday afternoon , scala was really excited about telling her the news . despite the fact she knew that pat couldn't keep a secret , this time she was confident that maybe she would be able to . 
just after scala told her the new , pat phoned her mother who worked in a bakery , to tell that scala is pregnant . 
just after scala told her the news , pat phoned her mother who worked in a bakery , to tell her that scala was pregnant . 
as usual , jon , scala's husband came &amp; bought the bread for the evening . pat's mum was so excited about the baby , she just said " congratulations for the new baby . " 
as usual , jon , scala's husband came &amp; bought the bread for the evening . pat's mum was so excited about the baby , she just said " congratulations about the new baby . " 
he was so amazed and asked to repeat . she just thought it would be a secret , she came really embarassed . 
he was so amazed and asked her to repeat . she just remembered it ought to be a secret , and she became really embarrassed . 
when he went back to his house , his wife gave him the box with the shoes but it wasn't a surprise ! scala was hungry with pat because she thought she can keep this kind of secret . 
when he went back to his house , his wife gave him the box with the shoes but it wasn't a surprise ! scala was angry with pat because she thought she could keep this kind of secret . 
dear sir
dear sir
i write a letter to complain about your advertisement about the musical show " over the rainbow " , wich is misleading in a number of way . 
i am writing this letter to complain about your advertisement for the musical show " over the rainbow " , which is misleading in a number of ways . 
firstly we arrived at 19 . 15 to be in time for the show , which should have started at 19 . 30 . however it started at 20 . 15 and we were all very disappointed . 
firstly we arrived at 19 . 15 to be in time for the show , which should have started at 19 . 30 . however , it started at 20 . 15 and we were all very disappointed . 
furthermore , it's written in your advert that danny brook is in the play and that was one of the main reason to why we went . imagine how disappointed we got when we found out that he had been replaced . 
furthermore , it's written in your advert that danny brook is in the play and that was one of the main reasons why we went . imagine how disappointed we were when we found out that he had been replaced . 
besides , when we wanted to buy our tickets we were hoping that the discounting was available . unfortunately , it wasn't and we couldn't afford bying everyone a ticket . 
besides , when we wanted to buy our tickets we were hoping that the discount was available . unfortunately , it wasn't and we couldn't afford buying to buy everyone a ticket . 
finally , after the show we had planed to eat diner at the theatre restaurant and we were very disappointed when it turned out to closed . 
finally , after the show we had planned to eat dinner we had planned to eat dinner after the show at the theatre restaurant and we were very disappointed when it turned out to be closed . 
therefor , as you may understand i'm asking for a refund . these kinds of misadventures can easily ruin your reputation . 
therefore , as you may understand , i'm asking for a refund . these kinds of misadventures can easily ruin your reputation . 
i look forward to hearing from you
i look forward to hearing from you
your sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets and the rumours describing me stealing soon reached the director's office . 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets and the rumours about me stealing soon reached the director's office . 
i was send a letter in which it was written that the director wanted to meet me and my parents . sweating and affraid i waited out side the director's office the following day . i was unable to image what would happen to me if my parents knew what i had stolen . 
i was sent a letter in which it was written that the director wanted to meet me and my parents . sweating and afraid i waited outside the director's office the following day . i was unable to imagine what would happen to me if my parents knew what i had stolen . 
'you may enter ' said the director . 
'you may enter , ' said the director . 
tairs ran down my face as i admitted having stolen . i was suprised that my father didn't watch me but i soon understood that he was ignoring me . 
tears ran down my face as i admitted having stolen . i was surprised that my father didn't watch me but i soon understood that he was ignoring me . 
mother , on the other hand , looked at me and seemed both disappointed and betrayed . 
mother , on the other hand , looked at me and seemed both disappointed and betrayed . 
during the trip home non of us spoke . we just sat calmly waiting for this nightmare to be over . 
during the trip home none of us spoke . we just sat calmly waiting for this nightmare to be over . 
the same evening my father pronounced a few words: 'may this be the end of your thief career we are only ready to forgive if you promiss never to start again' 
that evening my father said a few words: 'may this be the end of your career as a thief ; we are only ready to forgive if you promise never to start again' 
mr. manager:
mr. manager:
the porpouse of this letter is to complain about my experience with the musical show " over the rainbow " , wich really disapointed me . 
the purpose of this letter is to complain about my experience with the musical " over the rainbow " , which really disappointed me . 
first of all , there were no diccounts avaible as it said on the anouncement so i had to pay the original price wich wasn't cheap at all . 
first of all , there were no discounts available such as were promised in the announcement advertisement so i had to pay the original price which wasn't cheap at all . 
then , i was forced to wait fourty five minutes to see the show because it started at 20:75 in stead of 19:30 and when it finally started , i was really disapointed to see that the actors weren't danny and tina as it said on the anouncement . 
then , i was forced to wait forty five forty-five minutes to see the show because it started at 20:75 instead of 19:30 and , when it finally started , i was really disappointed to see that the actors weren't danny and tina as it had said in the announcement advertisement . 
finally , when the show finished , i couldn't visit the theatre restaurant because it was closed for repairs . 
finally , when the show finished , i couldn't visit the theatre restaurant because it was closed for repairs . 
so , as you can see , it wasn't my perfect evening out at all that's why i demand you to send me my money back . 
so , as you can see , it wasn't my perfect evening out at all . that's why i demand you send me my money back . 
your really unsatisfied costomer 
your really dissatisfied customer 
how has modern technology afected my daily life ? 
how has modern technology affected my daily life ? 
since the begining of human life , people have invented ways to make their life easier . that is not difference from now . we live sorrounded by inventions wich help as through the day . 
since the beginning of human life , people have invented ways to make their lives easier . that is not different from now . we live surrounded by inventions which help as through the day . 
from the vehicle we use to move faster to the light bulb we use at night , we constantly depends on these inventions to be able to make the things we have to do . 
from the vehicle we use to move faster to the light bulb we use at night , we constantly depend on these inventions to be able to do the things we have to do . 
that's why modern technology is so important in our daily life , because it helps to make our life easiest and to do what we have to do faster so then we can use better our time . 
that's why modern technology is so important in our daily lives , because it helps to make our lives easier and to do what we have to do faster so then we can use our time better . 
sir manager , 
sir manager , 
i am writing in order to complain about what you have written in the advertisement on the newspaper . 
i am writing in order to complain about what you have written in the advertisement in the newspaper . 
i am disappointed because of the horrible evening i have had , i was on holiday in london and i did not have time enough to spend there , but when you said that show was the best i decided to go . when i bought my ticket i asked for a discount and they said it was not available . at first it was not a problem because if the show was going to be the best it would cost what they said . 
i am disappointed because of the horrible evening i have had . i was on holiday in london and i did not have enough time to spend there , but when you said that your show was the best i decided to go . when i bought my ticket i asked for a discount and they said none was available . at first it was not a problem because if the show was going to be the best i would pay what they asked . 
i arrived at the theatre in time and the musical show started later than i expected so i was getting nervous because i dislike very much the impuntuality , but that was not all . 
i arrived at the theatre in time and the musical started later than i expected so i was getting irritable because i very much dislike lateness , but that was not all . 
when the show started the person who was acting it was not danny brook and he seemed not to be an actor . really he was bad . afterwards i decided to go for a meal in the theatre restaurant but it was closed . so you can imagine how i felt because of the irritating evening out i had . 
when the show started the person who was acting in it was not danny brook and the replacement didn't seem to be an actor . really he was bad . afterwards i decided to go for a meal in the theatre restaurant but it was closed . so you can imagine how i felt because of the irritating evening out i had . 
i am letting down because of your behaviour . you wanted to cheat me , so i will be very pleasure if you could give my money back . 
i am let down by your behaviour . you wanted to cheat me , so i will be very pleased if you could give my money back . 
i am looking forward your answer . 
i am looking forward to your answer . 
your faithfully , 
yours faithfully , 
i think technology has changed my life and the way of living of almost all people around the world . 
i think technology has changed my life and the way of life of almost everyone around the world . 
first of all technology is very useful nowadays but really i dislike it because in some ways we are becoming machines too . 
first of all , technology is very useful nowadays but really i dislike it because in some ways we are becoming machines too . 
since the creation of pcs , people - and me too , of course - are making different things . 
since the creation of pcs , people - and me too , of course - have been doing different things . 
for example we can buy food , clothes and whatever we need by internet or by telephone . 
for example we can buy food , clothes and whatever we need by internet or by telephone . 
i can know what is happening in differents parts of the world in a few minutes . 
i can find out what is happening in different parts of the world in a few minutes . 
a very good point of this change is that women have more freedom to have a job because before reaching the technology they have to stay at home doing housework but now we have laundries and a lot of machines like microwave oven . 
a very good aspect of this change is that women have more freedom to work because before we reached had the technology they had to stay at home doing housework but now we have laundries and a lot of machines like microwave ovens . 
in my case i dislike computers . i don't know how to use them but i know i have to change because they help us to make our lives easier . 
personally i dislike computers . i don't know how to use them but i know i have to change because they help to make our lives easier . 
on the other hand what will happen with us in the future ? our life will be managed by robots and they will replace us in our jobs . 
on the other hand what will happen to us in the future ? our lives will be managed by robots and they will replace us at work . 
so , what are we going to do ? 
so , what are we going to do ? 
something that i note about technology is that we are loosing green places and there are a lot of pollution , so we have to be careful . 
something that i note about technology is that we are losing green places and there is a lot of pollution , so we have to be careful . 
dear sir or madam , 
dear sir or madam , 
i'm writing to complain about a musical show which i've seen recently at your theatre . there are several reasones why i wasn't satisfied with it . 
i'm writing to complain about a musical show which i've seen recently at your theatre . there are several reasons why i wasn't satisfied with it . 
firstly , it was written in the advertisement that a famous actor danny brook would play in the show . despite it , a different actor stared in the performance , which was really disappointing . secondly , the beginning of the show was 45 minutes later than it was supposed to be . thirdly , no discounts were made when i was buying the tickets . lastly , the theatre restaurant was closed after the show . 
firstly , it was written in the advertisement that a famous actor , danny brook , would act in the show . despite that , a different actor starred in the performance , which was really disappointing . secondly , the beginning of the show was 45 minutes later than it was supposed to be . thirdly , no discounts were made when i was buying the tickets . lastly , the theatre restaurant was closed after the show . 
that evening wasn't my perfect one out , although it was promised to be so in the advertisement . this is the main reasone , why i want to ask for a refund . in my opinion , this would be quite fair . 
that evening wasn't my perfect one , although it was promised to be so in the advertisement . this is the main reason why i want to ask for a refund . in my opinion , this would be quite fair . 
i'm going to visit the circle theatre this sunday . i hope i'll get at least a part of the money i've paid back . 
i'm going to visit the circle theatre this sunday . i hope i'll get at least a part of the money i've paid back . 
yours faithfully , 
yours faithfully , 
fashion of the future . 
fashion of the future . 
during the centuries man's clothes has been changing and even developing in some way . people wore clothes made from metal , which were rather heavy , i suppose . they wore enormous luxurious dresses , which , in my opinion , you can't feel very comfortable in . nowadays people wear more common clothes . i think we can make a conclusion: during the centuries man's clothes have been becoming less heavy and luxurious and more common . 
over the centuries man's clothes have been changing and even developing in some ways . people wore clothes made from metal , which were rather heavy , i suppose . they wore enormous luxurious dresses , which , in my opinion , you can't feel very comfortable in . nowadays people wear more ordinary clothes . i think we can draw a conclusion: over the centuries man's clothes have been becoming less heavy and luxurious and more ordinary . 
people's clothes have been changing from metalwear to shorts and miniskirts . that's why i suppose , that man's clothes will be becoming more and more light . i think , they will be made of universal materials , which will be rather light and thin . people won't be embarassed to show the beauty of their bodies . perhaps , clothes will be rather small . i think , that different tops and mini-skirts will become more popular . maybe , people will create something even smaller than that . 
people's clothes have been changing from armour to shorts and miniskirts . that's why i suppose that man's clothes will be becoming lighter and lighter . i think , they will be made of universal materials , which will be rather light and thin . people won't be embarrassed to show the beauty of their bodies . perhaps , clothes will be rather small . i think , that different tops and mini-skirts will become more popular . maybe , people will create something even smaller than that . 
who knows what will happen in the future ? perhaps , metalwear will become a craze again . 
who knows what will happen in the future ? perhaps , armour will become a craze again . 
dear sir/madam , 
dear sir/madam , 
i'm writing to complain about the musical show which i've recently seen at your theatre . 
i'm writing to complain about the musical show which i've recently seen at your theatre . 
i was enthusiastic about the special event . the advertisement shew two actors but i was surprised to see as the main caracter a different person . as well as this , to my horror , the performance didn't start at 19 . 30 but forthy five minutes later . in addition to this , the theatre restaurant was closed for lack of servants . no discounts were available ! 
i was enthusiastic about this special event . the advertisement showed two actors but i was surprised to see as the main character a different person a different person as the main character . as well as this , to my horror , the performance didn't start at 19 . 30 but forty five forty-five minutes later . in addition to this , the theatre restaurant was closed for lack of waiters . no discounts were available ! 
so , i'm sure you will understand why i'm feeling so annoyed by the whole incident . i hope you will give me back the prize of my ticket ! 
so , i'm sure you will understand why i'm feeling so annoyed by the whole incident . i hope you will give me back the price of my ticket ! 
i look forward to hearing from you in the near future . 
i look forward to hearing from you in the near future . 
yours faithfully , 
yours faithfully , 
introduction: it seems to me that modern technology has deeply changed our daily life . the computer is everywhere and it's available for everyone . 
introduction: it seems to me that modern technology has profoundly changed our daily life . the computer is everywhere and it's available for everyone . 
an usefull help : the personal computer can fastly help you in lots of situations . moreover , a variety of micro computers are now everywhere such as in your car , on your radio and so on . 
a useful helper : the personal computer can quickly help you in lots of situations . moreover , a variety of micro-computers are now everywhere such as in your car , on your radio and so on . 
have a good feeling with it ! : on one side , the modern technology is extremely important , on the other hand you shouldn't abuse of it . 
feel good about it ! : on one side on the one hand , modern technology is extremely important , on the other hand you shouldn't abuse it . 
conclusion: i do think , however , the modern technology is essential for human being nowadays . although the world of computers will develop day by day , i lively hope we ( human being ) could mantain our personality of seeing things . 
conclusion: i do think , however , that modern technology is essential for human beings nowadays . although the world of computers will develop day by day , i lively hope we ( human beings ) can maintain our way of seeing things . 
dear sir or madam , 
dear sir or madam , 
i have recently been to the circle theatre to see a musical show . it was advertised as london's newest and best musical show . however , it had been a very dissappointing evening for me . 
i have recently been to the circle theatre to see a musical show . it was advertised as london's newest and best musical show . however , it was a very disappointing evening for me . 
firstly , it was mentioned that there were going to be two starrings but , in fact , only an actor were performing on the show . 
firstly , it was mentioned that there were going to be two stars but , in fact , only one actor was performing in the show . 
secondly , there was a delay on the show which supposed to started at 19 . 30 but , it was actually started at 20:15 . this really upset me as no notice were given before the show . 
secondly , there was a delay with the show , which was supposed to start at 19 . 30 but it actually started at 20:15 . this really upset me as no notice was given before the show . 
thirdly , the advertisment said that the discounts were avaliable but , the ticket seller said that there was no discount allowing or avaliable . 
thirdly , the advertisement said that discounts were available but the ticket seller said that there was no discount allowing or available . 
in addition , the advertisment mentioned that restaurant will be opened after the show but it was closed because , short of cooker . 
in addition , the advertisement mentioned that the restaurant would be open after the show but it was closed because short of cooker . 
finally , i would like to ask for money back for the ticket due to the disapointing evening out and unreliable advertisement you have created . 
finally , i would like to ask for my money back on the ticket due to the disappointing evening out and the misleading advertisement you have created . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you as soon as possible . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you as soon as possible . 
yours faithfully , 
yours faithfully , 
cook phatosub . 
cook phatosub . 
nowaday , modern technology is becomming very essential to our daily life . as it is another important factor which affects our life , apart from money , health , food and house . 
nowadays , modern technology is becoming absolutely essential to our daily life . it is another important factor which affects our life , apart from money , health , food and housing . 
the reasons it is important to us are , first of all , if you think bout life without computers , communication machines and transportation machines . we wouldn't be able to sort out informations and datas this quickly . secondly , no one could communicate on the phone through countries or even through houses as immediate as nowadays . lastly , it would take people months and months to travel to the other side of the world and also the journey would be much more dangerous than travel by plane . without all this you life would definately change back to the same position as it were 50 or more years ago . put it in another words , modern technology has changed our life to became more advanced in every ways . 
the reasons it is important to us are , first of all , if you think about life without computers , communication technology and transportation , we wouldn't be able to process information and data so quickly . secondly , no one could communicate on the phone through countries or even through houses as immediately quickly as nowadays . lastly , it would take people months and months to travel to the other side of the world and also the journey would be much more dangerous than travelling by plane . without all this your life would definitely change back to the same position as it were 50 or more years ago . to put it in other words , modern technology has changed our life to became more advanced in every way . 
on the other hand , the affects that it has on our daily life is not always good as sometime , the technology went wrong and out of hand of people who control it can cause disaster accidents , for example: plane crashes , trains crashed and explosion of nuclears bomb . if this continue to happen our life would be very misarable as accident happens all the time . therefore , it is important to get it exactly right . 
on the other hand , the effects that it has on our daily life are not always good as sometimes the technology goes wrong and out of hand of people who control it can cause disastrous accidents , for example: plane crashes , train crashes and the explosion of nuclear bombs . if this continues to happen our life will be very miserable as accidents happen all the time . therefore , it is important to get it exactly right . 
17th june 2000
17th june 2000
dear sir or madam , 
dear sir or madam , 
i am just coming back from a week's holiday in london , which has been all in all really nice . the only thing which really disapointed me was a visit in your theatre where i wanted to see the musical 'over the rainbow' , after i read the advertisement for the show . 
i am just coming back from a week's holiday in london , which has been all in all really nice . the only thing which really disappointed me was a visit to your theatre where i wanted to see the musical 'over the rainbow' , after i read the advertisement for the show . 
the things that really dissapointed me were that you said danny brook and tina truelove were suposed to be the actors but they weren't , different actors played and to be honest they made the hole show very bad . also the show was supposed to start at 19 . 30 but finally it started at 20 . 15 and that is such a waste of others people time . another thing was that you said discounts are available which is very important for students , but no their weren't any . also after the show your restaurant was closed because their wasn't enough staff . 
the things that really disappointed me were that you said danny brook and tina truelove were supposed to be the actors but they weren't , different actors played and to be honest they made the whole show very bad . also the show was supposed to start at 19 . 30 but it finally started at 20 . 15 and that is such a waste of other people's time . another thing was that you said discounts are available , which is very important for students , but no , there weren't any . also after the show your restaurant was closed because there weren't enough staff . 
to be honest that was not a great expierence and i hope you will see my point . in that case i also want to ask you for my money back . i think you will understand that and looking forward to hearing from you . 
to be honest that was not a great experience and i hope you will see my point . in that case i also want to ask you for my money back . i think you will understand that and i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours faithfully
yours faithfully
t . herschel
t . herschel
how has modern technology changed your daily life ? 
how has modern technology changed your daily life ? 
since everyone can afford modern technology the life of everyone in the more developed countries has changed completly . we can't imagine to live without it anymore because we are so dependent of it . 
since everyone can afford modern technology everyone's life in the more developed countries has changed completely . we can't imagine living without it anymore because we are so dependent on it . 
it starts already in the morning that we wake up by the sound of an alarm clock , than in the bathroom we have running hot water and also the hole house is warm due to central heating . then we can just go to the fridge where all the fresh food is stored ready to eat . if we than want to go to work we don't have to get our horse , no , we get the car keys and go where ever we want to . at work we have the most important thing in the world of technology , the computer . without that we can't do anything today . 
it starts in the morning when we are woken up by the sound of an alarm clock , then in the bathroom we have running hot water and also the whole house is warm due to central heating . then we can just go to the fridge where all the fresh food is stored ready to eat . if we then want to go to work we don't have to get our horse , no , we get the car keys and go wherever we want to . at work we have the most important thing in the world of technology , the computer . without that we couldn't do anything today . 
so in the last century our daily life changed dramandesly and we became lazy and our life unpersonal , fast and unromantic . noone can think about a life without commuters or electricity . but we can't say the new technology has done just bad things in our life because otherwise we couldn't have made such progress in all the sciences and other subjects
so in the last century our daily life has changed dramatically and we have become lazy and our life impersonal , fast and unromantic . no one can think about a life without computers or electricity . but we can't say the new technology has just done bad things in our life because otherwise we couldn't have made such progress in all the sciences and other subjects
dear sir or madam , 
dear sir or madam , 
i am writing to express my annoyance at your musical show which happened to be inaccurate at the leaflet given . 
i am writing to express my annoyance at your musical show , which happened to be inaccurate at the leaflet given . 
your advertisement mentioned that the famous danny brook would play in this show but disappointingly it was another , unkown actor who starred instead of him . 
your advertisement mentioned that the famous danny brook would play in this show but disappointingly it was another , unknown actor who starred instead of him . 
another point which caused some inconveniences was the timetable of the show . it began 45 minutes later than it should have been . 
another point which caused some inconveniences was the show's timetable . it began 45 minutes later than it should have . 
notwithstanding the fact that i could have expected a discount for my ticket , it occuried to be impossible to have one . 
notwithstanding the fact that i could have expected a discount on my ticket , it occurred happened to be impossible to get one . 
although your leaflet suggested that your theatre restaurant would be open it was not the case because of a lack of available staff . 
although your leaflet suggested that your theatre restaurant would be open that was not the case because of a lack of available staff . 
all those innacuracies spoilt what should have been a memoriable evening so i would like to be refunded at least for the price of my ticket . 
all those inaccuracies spoilt what should have been a memorable evening so i would like to be refunded at least for the price of my ticket . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours faithfully , 
yours faithfully , 
t . gens
t . gens
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . of course , it was my fault . i should have known better but i had to tell it to someone . it was far too heavy to keep it for myself . so i made a mistake and i told her . 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . of course , it was my fault . i should have known better but i had to tell someone . it was far too hard to keep it to myself . so i made a mistake and i told her . 
the day after , at school , i noticed that everyone was looking at me . i immediately knew that something was wrong so i had a word with pat . she denied having revealed my secret but she was averting my eyes . 
the day after , at school , i noticed that everyone was looking at me . i immediately knew that something was wrong so i had a word with pat . she denied having revealed my secret but she was avoiding my eyes . 
from this moment , i knew without the shadow of a doubt that my mother would know it sooner or later . it was only a question of hours before my life would collapse . i tried to take it on my stride but i couldn't . i was terrified . 
from this moment , i knew without the shadow of a doubt that my mother would know about it sooner or later . it was only a question of hours before my life would collapse . i tried to take it in my stride but i couldn't . i was terrified . 
my fear turned out to be right . i read the hurt in her eyes . she knew . she knew that i had bought my first bra without having asked her for advice before it . 
my fear turned out to be justified . i read the hurt in her eyes . she knew . she knew that i had bought my first bra without having asked her for advice beforehand . 
17-6-00 . 
17-6-00 . 
mr. smith , 
mr. smith , 
i write to you because last night , ( saturday 10 ) , i went to see the musical show that you are presenting at the circle theatre . 
i write to you because last night , ( saturday 10 ) , i went to see the musical show that you are presenting at the circle theatre . 
i am a great fan of danny brook and went to see him in his new show , but , to my surprise , it wasn't him who played that night but another horrible young actor . i went with my daughter , a university student , and she was supposed to have a discount on the ticket . we asked for it and we were told that there was not discount neither for her not for anyone else , so i had to pay the full price of the two tickets . 
i am a great fan of danny brook and went to see him in his new show , but , to my surprise , it wasn't him who played that night but another , horrible young actor . i went with my daughter , a university student , and she was supposed to get a discount on the ticket . we asked for it and we were told that there was no discount either for her or anyone else , so i had to pay the full price of the two tickets . 
furthermore , it was announced to start at 19 . 30 p . m . and it started at 20 . 15 p . m . for reasons anyone would explain to the audience . 
furthermore , it was supposed to start at 19 . 30 p . m . and it started at 20 . 15 p . m . for reasons no one would explain to the audience . 
after the play , we went to the theatre's restaurant and we found out that it was closed since 1999's spring ! how can you ask the people to go to a closed restaurant ? 
after the play , we went to the theatre's restaurant and we found out that it had been closed since spring 1999 ! how can you ask people to go to a closed restaurant ? 
in conclusion , i would be very grateful if you could send me my money back because , as you have seen , i didn't spend the " perfect evening " you announce . 
in conclusion , i would be very grateful if you could send me my money back because , as you have seen , i didn't have the " perfect evening " you advertised . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . although he had promised lise that he wouldn't say a word , when he reached the school he told the secret to ann . of course , ann promised not to tell anyone , but by the lunch-break all the school knew that lise had stolen the literature exams . 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . although he had promised lise that he wouldn't say a word , when he reached the school he told the secret to ann . of course , ann promised not to tell anyone , but by lunch time all the school knew that lise had stolen the literature exams . 
very soon , lise understood that it was useless to continue pretending that she knew nothing about it , and decided to make a deal with her class mates . she would give them the exam's questions and they would make all her homeworks during 3 weeks . 
very soon , lise understood that it was useless to continue pretending that she knew nothing about it , and decided to make a deal with her class mates . she would give them the exam's questions and they would do all her homework for 3 weeks . 
there was no escape . it was an unfair deal , but if they wanted the questions they had to accept , and if they accepted , they couldn't tell anything to the teachers , because , in fact , they were as guilty as lise . 
there was no escape . it was an unfair deal , but if they wanted the questions they had to accept , and if they accepted , they couldn't tell the teachers anything , because , in fact , they were as guilty as lise . 
unfortunately , the perfect plan doesn't exist , and a teacher heard two students talking in the bathroom . the teachers started investigating and asking all the students , but it was a secret and they couldn't say a word . 
unfortunately , the perfect plan doesn't exist , and a teacher heard two students talking in the bathroom . the teachers started investigating and asking all the students , but it was a secret and they couldn't say a word . 
finally , the teachers asked lise and her friends . no-one said a word . 
finally , the teachers asked lise and her friends . no-one said a word . 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . 
dear mananger of the theatre
dear manager of the theatre
i'm writing just for the reason , to inform you how bad became the present , name " over the rainbow " . 
i'm writing just for one reason , to inform you how bad the present production is , called " over the rainbow " . 
first of all in the describing of the show , the starring sould be mr. danny brook , and it wasn't . another thing was the started time , the show started forty five minutes late . 
first of all , in the description of the show , the star was mr. danny brook , and it wasn't . another thing was the time of the performance ; the show started forty-five minutes late . 
so try to imagine my situation , i had paied a lot of money and i couldn't saw a good show , i am really disappointed . when the play " over the rainbow " finished i tried to eat something , but the fact was that the theatre restaurant was closed , because your personal were cleaning all the troubles that a old dog did . 
so try to imagine my situation . i had paid a lot of money and i didn't see a good show . i am really disappointed . when the play , " over the rainbow " , finished i tried to eat something , but the fact was that the theatre restaurant was closed , because your personnel were cleaning all the mess that an old dog made . 
but , the principal reason of this letter is to ask for some money back . i think that could be the best for everyone , and i'll like to give you an advice , if somebody pay you for a ticket , try to give the best you can . 
but , the principal reason for this letter is to ask for some money back . i think that would be best for everyone , and i'd like to give you some advice ; if somebody pays you for a ticket , try to give the best you can . 
hope hearing from you . 
hoping to hear from you . 
unfortunatety , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . so , i'm going to tell about my grandfather and his friend pat:
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . so , i'm going to tell you about my grandfather and his friend pat:
many years ago , more or less seventy years a young man with a exellent capacity of thinking and to invent materials things , started building a big thing called " time machine " . he worked day and night . 
many years ago , more or less seventy years ago a young man , with an excellent capacity for thinking and inventing things , started building a big thing called a " time machine " . he worked day and night . 
every day after having dinner pat , his best friend , and my grandpa met to talk about their problems , but my grandpa never told pat about his new project . 
every day after having dinner pat , his best friend , and my grandpa met to talk about their problems , but my grandpa never told pat about his new project . 
one month later , his worked was complete , but he was afraid of testing his machine , so he called pat and spoke about it . 
one month later , his work was complete , but he was afraid to test his machine , so he called pat and spoke to him about it . 
the only thing pat should do , was to choose a date , the one he likes and to press the starter botton , and you know , what , he did it ! the machine worked really good . 
the only thing pat had to do was to choose a date , one he liked , and to press the starter button , and you know what ? he did it ! the machine worked really well . 
the fact was that pat choose to go to the year 2000 , and when he arrived , he told every one that he was the inventor . that's why pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . 
the fact was that pat chose to go to the year 2000 , and when he arrived , he told everyone that he was the inventor . that's why pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . 
the end . 
the end . 
dear sir , 
dear sir , 
i'm writing this letter to complain about the show which i saw in your theatre . 
i'm writing this letter to complain about the show which i saw at your theatre . 
during staying in london , i had read your advertisement and planned to enjoy seeing the musical show . i had expected that i could have spend a wonderful night . 
during my stay in london , i read your advertisement and planned to enjoy seeing the musical show . i had expected that i would have a wonderful night . 
but it was completely different one which i had expected . i had been looking forward to seeing danny brook and tina truelove . can you imagine how disappointed i was when i saw the different actors on the stage ? 
but it was completely different to what i had expected . i had been looking forward to seeing danny brook and tina truelove . can you imagine how disappointed i was when i saw different actors on the stage ? 
according to the advertisement the show is to start at 19:30 . however it did at 20:15 . we had to wait for 45 minutes ! could you understand how boring it was just sitting with nothing to do . ? you mention about discounts , too . but no discounts were accepted . in addition your theatre restaurant was closed because the chef was sick ! 
according to the advertisement the show was to start at 19:30 . however , it started at 20:15 . we had to wait for 45 minutes ! can you understand how boring it was just sitting with nothing to do ? you mention discounts , too . but no discounts were offered . in addition your theatre restaurant was closed because the chef was sick ! 
i felt so uncomfortable and the night was not perfect at all . i insist you should refund all the money that i wasted in your theatre . 
i felt so uncomfortable and the night was not perfect at all . i insist you refund all the money that i wasted in your theatre . 
yours faithfully , 
yours faithfully , 
modern technology has really changed our daily life . 
modern technology has really changed our daily life . 
for example , we don't have to wash our face with cold water even if it is freezing morning . we can live in a clean and comfortably air-conditioned house . the housekeeping work doesn't take much time thanks to electrical equipments . and we can speak to anyone at anytime on a phone even if he or she is abroad . further , we can get many information as you like at a moment with internet . in addition , we can travel to anywhere in the world within a few days . 
for example , we don't have to wash our face with cold water even if it is a freezing morning . we can live in a clean and comfortably air-conditioned house . the housework doesn't take much time thanks to electrical equipment . and we can speak to anyone at anytime on a phone even if he or she is abroad . further , we can get a lot of information as you like at a moment with the internet . in addition , we can travel anywhere in the world in a few days . 
these are advantages which modern technology has brought to us . but i must accept that there are some disadvantages caused by the technology , as well . 
these are the advantages which modern technology has brought us . but i must accept that there are some disadvantages arising from technology , as well . 
the biggest disadvantage is pollution . in these days , many kinds of pollution have been caused by our modern life . air pollution by cars , soil pollution by industrial wastes . the sea is also polluted by oil and chemical detergent which is used at home . even food is polluted . all these facts mean that our modern life gives big damage to the earth . all of us must notice this fact . and we should keep our attention paid in order save our precious earth . 
the biggest disadvantage is pollution . these days , many kinds of pollution have been caused by our modern lifestyle . air pollution from cars , soil pollution from industrial waste . the sea is also polluted by oil and the chemical detergents which are used in the home . even food is polluted . all these facts mean that our modern life causes great damage to the earth . all of us must notice this fact . and we should keep our attention paid in order to save our precious earth . 
dear sir/madam , 
dear sir/madam , 
i am writing to complain about your advertisement which inform me wrong information . while i had a holiday in london i went to your theatre to see " over the rainbow " , but i had a very disappointing evening . 
i am writing to complain about your advertisement which gave me wrong information . while i had a holiday in london i went to your theatre to see " over the rainbow " , but i had a very disappointing evening . 
firstly , i am a fan of danny brook so your advert attracted me but when i went there a different actor was in the musical show instead of him . i was so disappointed . 
firstly , i am a fan of danny brook so your advert attracted me but when i went there a different actor was in the musical show instead of him . i was so disappointed . 
secondly , your timetable was wrong . it said the show started at 14 . 30 but , actually , it started at 20 . 15 so we had to wait for about six hours . 
secondly , your timetable was wrong . it said the show started at 14 . 30 but , actually , it started at 20 . 15 so we had to wait for about six hours . 
thirdly , i saw " discount available " on your advert but your staffs said it was just for mondays . your advert made me misunderstood . 
thirdly , i saw " discount available " on your advert but your staff said it was just for mondays . your advert made me misunderstand . 
finally , we visited your theatre restaurant after the show . however , it closed because it was being decorated . 
finally , we visited your theatre restaurant after the show . however , it was closed because it was being decorated . 
your advert promised me " perfect evening out " , but it was terrible evening to me . so i want you to give me a refund . 
your advert promised me a " perfect evening out " , but it was a terrible evening for me . so i want you to give me a refund . 
looking forward to hearing from you soon
looking forward to hearing from you soon
yours faithfully , 
yours faithfully , 
ko hyu tung
ko hyu tung
how has mordern technology changed my daily life ? 
how has modern technology changed my daily life ? 
when i was young , i used to play sports such as football , basketball and tennis with my friends but , these days , i am getting used to sitting in front of the computer and watching tv . 
when i was young , i used to play sports such as football , basketball and tennis with my friends but , these days , i am getting used to sitting in front of the computer and watching tv . 
when i bought my computer , i wasn't interested in it but when i started studying about internet and playing games , i found it interesting . sometimes , i think i am a computer addict because whenever i come back home , my hand go to computer swich , automaticaly , even though i don't want to use the computer . i usually spend my time on playing computer about three hours a day . 
when i bought my computer , i wasn't interested in it but when i started studying the internet and playing games , i found it interesting . sometimes , i think i am a computer addict because whenever i come back home , my hand goes to the computer switch , automatically , even though i don't want to use the computer . i usually spend my time on playing computer games about three hours a day . 
after that , i go to the sofa for watch tv . although there aren't programmes which are interesting , i just watch tv , so my mother calls me " couch potato " . 
after that , i go to the sofa to watch tv . although there aren't programmes which are interesting , i just watch tv , so my mother calls me " couch potato " . 
as a result , my health is getting worse . i know i need to excercise but it is difficult for me to start . 
as a result , my health is getting worse . i know i need to excercise but it is difficult for me to start . 
modern technology has changed my daily life from physical activity to mental activity ( ? ? ) 
modern technology has changed my daily life from physical activity to mental activity ( ? ? ) 
mr. jones:
mr. jones:
i write this letter to informed you about the bad experience i had last week in one of the shows your are presenting . 
i write this letter to inform you about the bad experience i had last week at one of the shows your are putting on . 
i recive a paper where i was told about a play you are presenting and of the advantages i would recive if i go to see it , think that never happend . i am realy desappointed , and i want to have my money back . 
i receive received a paper in which i was told about a play you are putting on and of the advantages i would receive get if i went to see it . i wish that never happened had never happened . i am really disappointed , and i want to have my money back . 
first of all , in the sheet i recived , it says that danny brook was one of the actor , thing that is not true , because insted of him , there was another actor , that i don't know what's his name is . 
first of all , on the sheet i received , it says that danny brook was one of the actors , that . that is not true , because instead of him , there was another actor , and i don't know what his name is . 
second , it says that the play would start at 19:30 , and it realy started at 20:15 . 
second , it says that the play would start at 19:30 , and it really actually started at 20:15 . 
third , i was told that i can have some discount , and when i was buying my ticket , the lady in the cabin told me that that discount doesn't exist . after that , when the show was finished , i was going to the theatre restaurant , and a man that works there told me that it was closed , and he don't want to give me reasons . 
third , i was told that i could get a discount , and when i was buying my ticket the lady in the kiosk told me that that discount didn't exist . after that , when the show was finished , i was going to the theatre restaurant , and a man that works there told me that it was closed , and he didn't want to give me a reason . 
you can see that you promise me i'll have a good evening and i realy don't have it . 
you must understand that you promised me i'd have a good evening and i really didn't . 
so i suggest , you give me my money back , or i would go to the police , because you lie to me and you know what it means . 
so i suggest you give me my money back , or i will go to the police , because you lied to me and you know what that means . 
thank you . 
thank you . 
cry freedom - john briley
cry freedom - john briley
dear anna:
dear anna:
i write this letter to tell you about the program that tomorrow starts , about that exelent book i have told you to read . 
i write this letter to tell you about the programme that starts tomorrow , about that excellent book i have told you to read . 
this exelent book tells the story of a man of 25 years that have a little boy , his son , that lives in very bad condicion . the story shows you the life that many people have to deal every day . shows you how they affront it and what is life , real life . 
this excellent book tells the story of a man of 25 years that has a little boy , his son , that lives in a very bad condition . the story shows you the life that many people have to deal with every day . it shows you how they face it and what life is , real life . 
the book is very easy to read , but if you don't have time i recomended to listen the program . i have been told that they will interview a lot of people of different part that have read the book , and tell their experience . also , that they would invite psicologist , the autor of the book and may be the president would talk so i recommend you to hear it . 
the book is very easy to read , but if you don't have time i recommended recommend listening to the programme . i have been told that they will interview a lot of people of different part that have read the book , and who will talk about their experience . also , that they will invite a psychologist , the author of the book and maybe the president will talk so i recommend you hear listen to it . 
i hope you listen to it , because i thing that if you want to become a m . p . , it will teach you a lot of thing , and you would learn more about england reality . 
i hope you listen to it , because i think that if you want to become an m . p . , it will teach you a lot of things , and you will learn more about english reality . 
your friend for ever . 
your friend for ever . 
london 17 june 2000
london 17 june 2000
dear sir/madam , 
dear sir/madam , 
i recently had a week's holiday in london , so i went to the theatre to see a musical show 'over the rainbow' at 'the circle theatre' , where you are the manager . 
i recently had a week's holiday in london , so i went to the theatre to see a musical , 'over the rainbow' , at 'the circle theatre' , where you are the manager . 
i had a terrible evening , so there were a lot of faults in the event of last saturday: the first point , the show started at 20:15 ( it was too late ) . the second point , the principal actor was changed . the third point was that the discounts tickets were unavailable and finally , the theatre restaurant was closed because the oven was broken and we couldn't enjoy there after the musical show . 
i had a terrible evening , so there were a lot of faults in the event of last saturday: the first point , the show started at 20:15 ( it was late ) . the second point , the principal actor was changed . the third point was that the discount tickets were unavailable and , finally , the theatre restaurant was closed because the oven was broken and we couldn't enjoy ourselves there after the musical . 
i would be grateful if you could send a money back because it was a horrible evening for my family and it wasn't a perfect evening out . 
i would be grateful if you could send me my money back because it was a horrible evening for my family and it wasn't a perfect evening out . 
i hope to have news about you as soon as possible
i hope to have news from you as soon as possible
yours faithfully , 
yours faithfully , 
juan san sebastian
juan san sebastian
the science and technology have changed my life every day . 
science and technology have changed my everyday life . 
the modern technologies are used all the time at home , at school or working . 
modern technologies modern technology is used all the time at home , at school or while working . 
when i was a child i didn't use the computer because i didn't know what is that . actually , i can work with it in my office and visitting some web-place using the new technologies such as internet . 
when i was a child i didn't use the computer because i didn't know what it was . actually , i can work with it in my office and visiting visit some website using the new technologies such as the internet . 
the live is more comfortable with all the new machines you can use at home , at the office or it is helful to live with all the new medical machines in the hospitals . 
the life life is more comfortable with all the new machines you can use at home , or at the office , or new technology is helpful helps us to live with all the new medical machines in the hospitals . 
the new invents have transformed my life , so it is easier with the modern technologies ( the mobile , the car , the plane , the coach , the train , the medical advances and domestic machines ) , they have done more confortable and pleasure . 
the new inventions have transformed my life , so it is easier with modern technology ( the mobile , the car , the plane , the coach , the train , the medical advances and domestic appliances ) , they have created more comfortable comfort and pleasure . 
dear sir/madam , 
dear sir/madam , 
i am writing to complain about the musical show i went last week . i spent a week's holiday in london and i had been looking forward to watching a wonderful show in your theatre . however , i was completely disappointed with that . 
i am writing to complain about the musical show i went to last week . i spent a week's holiday in london and i had been looking forward to seeing a wonderful show in your theatre . however , i was completely disappointed with it . 
firstly , although i bought a ticket for 19:30 the show started at 20:15 . it would never happen in my country i must say . secondly , there was no discounts despite you showed it was available in your advertisement . 
firstly , although i bought a ticket for 19:30 the show started at 20:15 . that would never happen in my country i must say . secondly , there were no discounts despite your claiming they were available in your advertisement . 
furthermore , your theatre restaurant was closed because the employees were on the strike . on top of everything , the main cast , danny brook , did not appear on the show . the actor who played instead of him was terrible . 
furthermore , your theatre restaurant was closed because the employees were on strike . on top of everything , the main actor , danny brook , did not appear in the show . the actor who appeared instead of him was terrible . 
in fact , i expect a full refund plus compensation for the dissatisfaction suffured . i trust you will give an immediate attention to this letter and i look forward to receiving a satisfactory responce in return of post within a week . 
in fact , i expect a full refund plus compensation for the dissatisfaction suffered . i trust you will give immediate attention to this letter and i look forward to receiving a satisfactory response by return of post within a week . 
yours faithfully , 
yours faithfully , 
when we think about clothes in the future , we should think about the enviroment first . what will it be like in 2100 ? it is not pleasant to say the earth is now facing some serious problems . but it is the fact . air-pollution might become more serious than now in the future and destruction of ozon-zone could not be stopped in 100 years . 
when we think about clothes in the future , we should think about the environment first . what will it be like in 2100 ? it is not pleasant to say the earth is now facing some serious problems . but it is a fact . air-pollution might become more problematic than now in the future and the destruction of the ozone-zone ozone layer could not be stopped in 100 years . 
considering these elements , we should wear clothes which can protect us from certain kind of sun rays and air pollution . i suppose they would be like a arm-suits . of course , technologies will have developped enough to invent new material for those kind of clothes . so we don't have to worry about how heavey they will be . we will feel as if we put on nothing . 
considering these facts , we should wear clothes which can protect us from certain kinds of sun rays and air pollution . i suppose they would be like arm-suits . of course , technology will have developed enough for us to invent new material for those kinds of clothes . so we don't have to worry about how heavy they will be . we will feel as if we wore nothing . 
in conclusion , clothes after 100 years will not as fashionable as they are now . we should consider wearing as in more practical way . 
in conclusion , clothes in 100 years in 100 years clothes will not be as fashionable as they are now . we should consider wearing as in more practical way . 
dear sir/madam , 
dear sir/madam , 
i have just returned from my holiday in london . during my stay i went to see a musical show in the circle theatre and i have very disappointing evening . 
i have just returned from my holiday in london . during my stay i went to see a musical show at the circle theatre and i had a very disappointing evening . 
firstly i expected danny brook and tina truelove but i felt very angry when i saw diffrent actors . what is more you advertize there were discounts available but it were not . 
firstly , i expected danny brook and tina truelove but i felt very angry when i saw different actors . what is more , you advertise advertised there were discounts available but there were not . 
you said that the musicial show started at 19 . 30 but recently it began at 20 . 15 . i was very bored because i did not have anything to do when i was waiting for your show . 
you said that the musical show started at 19 . 30 but recently it began at 20 . 15 . i was very bored because i did not have anything to do when i was waiting for your show . 
additionally i felt very hungry and uncomfortable because your theatre restaurant was closed and you did not give us any reason why . 
additionally i felt very hungry and uncomfortable because your theatre restaurant was closed and you did not give us any reason why . 
you promised us a big show and perfect evening but it was only an average show with unknown actors . 
you promised us a big show and a perfect evening but it was only an average show with unknown actors . 
in my opinion you are not very respectful and responsible . i will never trust you again . i would like you give me my money back as soon as possible . 
in my opinion , you are not very respectful and responsible . i will never trust you again . i would like you to give me my money back as soon as possible . 
i am looking foward to hearing from you . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
your faithfully , 
yours faithfully , 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . as i remember i have known her for ever . she had always been my best friend and i had said her everything . we lived in the same street and the weekends we spent together . 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . as i remember , i have known her for ever . she had always been my best friend and i had told her everything . we lived in the same street and we spent the weekends together . 
when i had 16 years old i fell in love with the most hundsom boy in our school . paul was older than me and he was playing basketball . only pat knew about my lover . 
when i was 16 years old i fell in love with the most handsome boy in our school . paul was older than me and he played basketball . only pat knew about my lover . 
one day he invited us for his party . i was very happy and nervous . everything was great . but when pat drank some beer she told him everything about me . everybody started to laught at me . i was angry and i run away to the forest . 
one day he invited us to his party . i was very happy and nervous . everything was great . but when pat drank some beer she told him everything about me . everybody started to laugh at me . i was angry and i ran away to the forest . 
'she was my best friend , how can she do it to me ' - - i was crying . when i was walking through the forest i saw a very tall man who was staying in front of me . 'my name is jon' - he whispered - 'don't be afraid' . we started to talk . this alien was so intelligent and funny that i forgot about my troubles . we talked for all night and i fall in love with him . we met again and again and now jon is my husband . maybe it was good that pat was so talkative . 
'she was my best friend , how can she do it to me ? ' - - i was crying . when i was walking through the forest i saw a very tall man who was standing in front of me . 'my name is jon' - he whispered - 'don't be afraid' . we started to talk . this stranger was so intelligent and funny that i forgot about my troubles . we talked all night and i fell in love with him . we met again and again and now jon is my husband . maybe it was good that pat was so talkative . 
dear sir , 
dear sir , 
i'm sorry to tell you , that i'm really disappointed of your advertisment for the musical show in the circle theatre . first of all , i was really looking forward to see one of my favourite actors danny brook in the show , but you had a different actor , what disappointed me very much . also , the show didn't start in time , it started half an hour later . and you have written in your advert , that there would be discounts available , what wasn't possible this evening . after the show we wanted to visit the restaurant , but it was closed because of painting-works inside the restaurant . finally we had no perfect evening at all ! and of these circumstands , i would like to have a part of my money back . 
i'm sorry to tell you that i'm really disappointed with your advertisement for the musical show at the circle theatre . first of all , i was really looking forward to seeing one of my favourite actors danny brook in the show , but you had a different actor , which disappointed me very much . also , the show didn't start on time , it started half an hour late . and you had written in your advert that there would be discounts available , which weren't available that evening . after the show we wanted to visit the restaurant , but it was closed because of the painting-works inside the restaurant . finally we did not have a perfect evening at all ! and because of these circumstances , i would like to have a part of my money back . 
i hope you understand my concern . 
i hope you understand my concern . 
yours
yours
faithully , 
faithfully , 
brigitte beschle
brigitte beschle
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . because he likes to tease people . so , it was last summer , we were on a short trip with our class to a adventure-park . we had a lot of fun . until we came to a big cave , where you could walk through . it was quiet scary for me , but i said to myself , come on you can do it . i walked first with pat and two of my friends . but suddenly , there were only pat and i left . we lost the others . so i tried to get not in panic , but no chance . i was so worried not to find the way out , that i started to scream and cry . first , pat started to laugh , but as he realized , that i didn't stop crying , he comfort me until i was calming down . and after a while we found the way out . i ask him , not to tell anybody that i cried . he said , ' shure no problem' . but next day , back in the classroom , some of the students looked at me and started to laugh . after that was all clear , pat and secrets . 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . because he likes to tease people . so , it was last summer , we were on a short trip with our class to an adventure park . we had a lot of fun . until we came to a big cave , where you could walk through . it was quite scary for me , but i said to myself , come on you can do it . i walked in first with pat and two of my friends . but suddenly , there were only pat and me left . we lost the others . so i tried not to get in a panic , but had no chance . i was so worried i would not find the way out that i started to scream and cry . first , pat started to laugh , but as he realized that i didn't stop crying , he comforted me until i calmed down . and after a while we found the way out . i asked him not to tell anybody that i cried . he said , ' sure sure , no problem' . but next day , back in the classroom , some of the students looked at me and started to laugh . after that it was all clear , pat and secrets . 
17th june 2000
17th june 2000
dear sir ! 
dear sir ! 
i am writing this letter to you , because the show " over the rainbow " which is the london's newest and best musical show , was not . . . for me . pleas apologise me , but there were many mistakes and problems on the note you have made , which disappointed me very . 
i am writing this letter to you , because the show " over the rainbow " , which is london's newest and best musical show , was not . . . for me . please excuse me , but there were many mistakes and problems on the note you have made , which disappointed me very much . 
i thought that dany brook who is my favorite actor play in that show . and i was really disappointed when i saw jeremy brook on the stage . please , if you would be so kind and mind correct this mistake . i would be gratefull if you could correct too that show start at 20 . 15 not on 19 . 30 . other thing was that there was no discounts available , and that the restaurant which i wanted to visit after the show was closed because of the main cooker sikness . 
i thought that dany brook , who is my favourite actor , would perform in that show . and i was really disappointed when i saw jeremy brook on the stage . please , if you would be so kind correct this mistake . i would be grateful if you could correct too that show starts at 20 . 15 not on 19 . 30 . another thing was that there were no discounts available , and that the restaurant , which i wanted to visit after the show , was closed because of the main cook sickness . 
i would be very grateful if i could get my money back . that evening which should be my perfect evening out , was in fact very tireing and boring . 
i would be very grateful if i could get my money back . that evening , which should have been my perfect evening out , was in fact very tiring and boring . 
apologise me for disturb . 
apologise me for disturb . 
i am looking forward for answer ! 
i am looking forward to your reply ! 
best regardes ! 
best regards ! 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets , i knew that he's very talkative person , but it was nessesery because i wanted him to be the main director of that birthday party for tenes . it started a week before that day . pat found the great place for the party called " blue box " . i made a beautifull invite cards for every agatha friends with a sign " do not tell agatha about that , this is a suprise party for her , please keep the secret ! " pat arranged great dj and drinks . my friend and i made a perfect decoration with ballons and other party stuff . everyone told us it was breath taking . everything was set . . . the day and hour came . everyone gathered in disco at 21 . 00 . we were only waiting for agatha who should come at 22 o'clock with her boyfriend . it was so exaiting ! ! ! we put off the lights and then the door opened and i just heard " what the hell is going on ? ! ! " she entered the room , and everyone shouted happy birthday dear ! she was so touched that we started to cry . enyway the disco was great , music also . we had fun to 5 o'clock ! agatha said that it was the greatest present she could ever get ! 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . i knew that he's a very talkative person , but it was necessary because i wanted him to be the main organiser of that birthday party for tenes . it started a week before that day . pat found a great place for the party called " blue box " . i made beautiful invitation invitations for all of agatha's friends with a note : " do not tell agatha about this . this is a surprise party for her . please keep the secret ! " pat arranged a great dj and drinks . my friend and i made the perfect decorations with balloons and other party stuff . everyone told us it was breathtaking . everything was set . . . the day and hour came . everyone gathered in the disco at 21 . 00 . we were only waiting for agatha , who was expected at 22 o'clock with her boyfriend . it was so exciting ! ! ! we turned off the lights and then the door opened and i just heard " what the hell is going on ? ! ! " she entered the room , and everyone shouted happy birthday dear ! she was so touched that we started to cry . anyway the disco was great , music also . we had fun until 5 o'clock ! agatha said that it was the greatest present she could ever receive ! 
dear manager of the theatre:
dear manager of the theatre:
i am writing a letter to complain about the musical show i saw last week when i was in london . 
i am writing a letter to complain about the musical show i saw last week when i was in london . 
i thought that i would have a great time there , but i was really disappointed in that evening . you said there would be stars such as danny brook and tina truelove , whose music is my favourate , but the musicians were actually some other people whose names i had never heard of . in the advertisement of the show , you said it would begin at 19 . 30 , actually it was 45 minutes delay . the discounts of tickets that you mentioned were not exist . it could make things worse that the visit to your theatre restaurant , which had already been closed because of lack of customers , was canceled . however , what a let down ! 
i thought that i would have a great time there , but i was really disappointed with that evening . you said there would be stars such as danny brook and tina truelove , whose music is my favourite , but the musicians were actually some other people whose names i had never heard of . in the advertisement for the show , you said it would begin at 19 . 30 . actually it was delayed 45 minutes . the discounts on tickets that you mentioned did not exist . it made things worse that our visit to your theatre restaurant , which had already been closed because of a lack of customers , was cancelled . really , what a letdown ! 
i would be grateful if you could give the money back . if i cannot get your satisfying reply within a month i shall go to the consumer protection organisation to sue you . 
i would be grateful if you could give us our money back . if i cannot get a satisfactory reply within a month i shall go to the consumer protection organisation to sue you . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours faithfully . 
yours faithfully . 
how has modern technology changed our daily life . 
how has modern technology changed our daily life ? 
our life has been influenced by modern technology . five years ago , you could be proud of your 486 computer , which can only be put inside a museum as an antique now . then how does it changed our daily life ? 
our life has been affected by modern technology . five years ago , you could be proud of your 486 computer , which would only be put inside a museum as an antique now . then how has it changed our daily life ? 
i have been an enthusiast of music for a long time , i used tape player and i felt it was excellent . today , there are multi-choices such as discman ( cd player ) . md walkman and mp3 player , which are considered to be more portable and have better timbre . 
i have been a music enthusiast for a long time . i used a tape player and i felt it was excellent . today , there are many choices , such as a discman ( cd player ) , md walkman and mp3 player , which are considered to be more portable and have a better sound quality . 
communication has been more conventional , we can simply make a phone call , sent e-mails or faxes instead of writing letters and waiting for a long time . especially the improvement of personal computer has greatly helped the spread of information by using internet , you can book newspaper , magazines , even go shopping online . 
communication has been more conventional , we can simply make a phone call , and send e-mails or faxes instead of writing letters and waiting for a long time . in particular the improvement in the sophistication of personal computers has greatly helped the spread of information . by using the internet , you can book newspapers and magazines , and even go shopping online . 
therefore , our life has been influenced and changed by developing of technology . in conclusion , we should work hard to learn knowledges , making the future better and better . 
therefore , our life has been influenced and changed by the development of technology . in conclusion , we should work hard to acquire knowledge to make the future better and better . 
dear sir or madam , 
dear sir or madam , 
i am writing to you to complain about my unpleasant experience of visiting your theatre on may 21st . i had dreamt about visiting the circle theatre to see danny brook's performance for a long time . as soon as i saw your advertisement in the 'tourist guide' issue 46 , i decided to go at once . 
i am writing to you to complain about my unpleasant experience of visiting your theatre on may 21st . i had dreamt about visiting the circle theatre to see danny brook's performance for a long time . as soon as i saw your advertisement in the 'tourist guide' issue 46 , i decided to go at once . 
however , all my expectations failed to become true . first of all , i found that no discounts for tickets were available . although you mentioned it in your advertisement . next , the show started at 20:15 instead of 19:30 . and , finally , right before the starting they announced that danny brook woud not be in the show that evening . so he was replaced by another actor . after the show i was not surpised at all to know that the theatre restaurant was closed for redecoration . 
however , all my expectations failed to come true . first of all , i found that no discounts on tickets were available although you mentioned them in your advertisement . next , the show started at 20:15 instead of 19:30 . and , finally , right before the start they announced that danny brook would not be in the show that evening . so he was replaced by another actor . after the show i was not surprised at all to learn that the theatre restaurant was closed for redecoration . 
as a whole , i have to say that i got something completely different from what i had expected to get . in connection with that i ask you to refund the money i paid for my tickets . i really hope it will not take you long to settle the matter . 
as a whole , i have to say that i got something completely different from what i had expected to get . in connection with that i ask you to refund the money i paid for my tickets . i really hope it will not take you long to settle the matter . 
i look forward to hearing from you soon . 
i look forward to hearing from you soon . 
yours faithfully , 
yours faithfully , 
undoubtfully , modern technology changed my daily life . and the best word i can describe all the changes with is " drastical " . every aspect of my life is being constantly influence by achievements of science and technology - health , work , household , interaction with other people , etc . 
undoubtedly , modern technology has changed my daily life . and the best word i can use to describe all the changes is " drastic " . every aspect of my life is being constantly influenced by achievements of science and technology - health , work , household , interaction with other people , etc . 
among the greatest inventions of man i came accross dayly are telephone , computer and automobile . at any time of a day i may contact any person at any part of the world over phone . it takes me less than a minute to get in touch with my friend nigel living in australia - thousand kilometres' from me . computer , probably the must versatile invention , allows me to get an access to huge informatonal sources through the internet , to make shopping without leaving my house , to do my work more effectively and quickly . automobile saves my time when i'm travelling . 
among the greatest inventions of man i come across daily are the telephone , computer and automobile . at any time of the day i may contact any person in any part of the world over the phone . it takes me less than a minute to get in touch with my friend nigel living in australia - thousands of kilometres away from me . the computer , probably the must versatile invention , allows me to get access to huge informational sources through the internet , to do shopping without leaving my house , to do my work more effectively and quickly . the automobile saves me time when i'm travelling . 
all the above and many other achievements of modern technology make my life more convenient , comfortable , effective and fun . but it is not the end . scientists continue researches into new technologies , such as lasers , digital technology , gene engineering . and i'm sure all those will set new better standards for my way of living . 
all the above and many other achievements of modern technology make my life more convenient , comfortable , effective and fun . but that is not the end . scientists continue research into new technologies , such as lasers , digital technology , and genetic engineering . and i'm sure all those will set new , better standards for my way of living . 
dear sir or madam , 
dear sir or madam , 
i have seen the advertisement for the musical show and i realised that there were some mistakes . 
i have seen the advertisement for the musical show and i realised that there were some mistakes . 
first of all , it is written that the stars were danny brook and tina truelove but the actor was not danny brook . 
first of all , it is said that the stars are danny brook and tina truelove but the actor was not danny brook . 
the show should have started t 19 . 30 . however it started at 20 . 15 . we kept waiting for 45 minutes . 
the show should have started at 19 . 30 . however it started at 20 . 15 . we were kept waiting for 45 minutes . 
the tickets were sold for 10 , 15 and 20 . we were told that the discounts were available but they were not . 
the tickets were sold for 10 , 15 and 20 . we were told that discounts were available but they were not . 
we were planning to go to the theatre restaurant after the show but when we got there we saw that it was closed because of the cleaning . 
we were planning to go to the theatre restaurant after the show but when we got there we saw that it was closed for cleaning . 
we had expected a brilliant show but we were very disappointed . i think the people who came there should be paid back . 
we had expected a brilliant show but we were very disappointed . i think the people who came there should be reimbursed . 
faithfully , 
yours faithfully , 
if we compare a person who lived a very long time ago with another one who lives now , we will see a very big difference between their clothes . 
if we compare a person who lived a very long time ago with another one who lives now , we will see a very big difference between their clothes . 
people used to wear very diffrent things from the clothes we wear now , we wouldn't even say that they are 'clothes' . we would probably think that these things they wore were just to cover and protect themselves . 
people used to wear very different things from the clothes we wear now , we wouldn't even say that they are 'clothes' . we would probably think that these things they wore were just to cover and protect themselves . 
nowadays the aim in clothing is not just for covering and protecting ourselves . people try to look nice and clean by wearing good clothes . 
nowadays the aim of clothing is not just for covering and protecting ourselves . people try to look nice and clean by wearing good clothes . 
the things that people wear are changing every time , everyone tries to be diffrent in the public and very different sorts of clothes are being created . 
the things that people wear are changing all the time , everyone tries to be different in public and very different sorts of clothes are being created . 
the things we wear may not seem as if 'clothes' to the ones who will live 100 years from now . i belive they will wear very diffrent things . 
the things we wear may not seem like 'clothes' to the ones who will live 100 years from now . i believe they will wear very different things . 
dear sir or madam , 
dear sir or madam , 
i am writing to complain about the musical show , which gave me a very disappointing evening , while i was staying in london . 
i am writing to complain about the musical show , which gave me a very disappointing evening , while i was staying in london . 
firstly , there was a different actor instead of the famous actor , danny brook . that made me so disappointed . secondly , i suppose the show will start at 19:30 , but it started t 20:15 . it caused me missed the train and i went back to the hotel nearly in the mid-night . another problem is , i realised that the discounts were available . however , there wasn't any discount . additionally , the advertisement said i can visit the threatre restaurant after the show . when i arrived , it was closed . that is so annoying that everything had been changed without any notice . 
firstly , there was a different actor instead of the famous actor danny brook . that left me so disappointed . secondly , i supposed thought the show would start at 19:30 , but it started at 20:15 . it caused me to miss the train and i went back to the hotel when it was nearly midnight . another problem is i thought that discounts were available . however , there wasn't any discount . additionally , the advertisement said i could visit the theatre restaurant after the show . when i arrived , it was closed . it is so annoying that everything was changed without any notice . 
i expected to receive the money back within these two days . otherwise i would like to take the other action . 
i expect to receive my money back within two days . otherwise i would like to take further action . 
your faithfully , 
yours faithfully , 
silvie . 
silvie . 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrects . i told pat everything even my secrects when we were still friendly . however , we are not friends anymore because of a secrect in the past . 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . i told pat everything even my secrets when we were still friendly . however , we are not friends anymore because of a secret in the past . 
it was a very long time since i was in year 7 . i told pat that my father and mother were going to seperate . i told her because i wanted somebody to share my feeling . may be it was a wrong decision to tell her , she began to spread that secrect to everybody including the teachers . they tried to contact with my parents . my parents were very angry when they realised what happened . all my friends were trying to kept a distance with me . that was all because of pat . 
it is a very long time since i was in year 7 . i told pat that my father and mother were going to separate . i told her because i wanted somebody to share my feelings . maybe it was the wrong decision to tell her . she began to share that secret with everybody , including the teachers . they tried to contact my parents . my parents were very angry when they realised what had happened . all my friends were trying to keep their distance from me . that was all because of pat . 
at last , i decided to go to the other school and i will not tell any secrect to the others . 
finally , i decided to go to another school and i will not tell any secret to anyone . 
dear manager , 
dear manager , 
i'm writing you this letter because yesterday i went to the theatre to see the musical show and i had many problems , so i demand my money back . 
i'm writing you this letter because yesterday i went to the theatre to see the musical and i had many problems , so i demand my money back . 
first of all when i paid my entrance they didn't acept me my discount ticket , they said me that the ticket was false , then i enter to the theatre and i had to wait 45 min , the show was suposed to start at 19:30 and it started at 20:15 , " this is a lack of respect " . 
first of all , when i paid my entrance fee they didn't accept my discount ticket , they told me that the ticket was fake , then i entered the theatre and i had to wait 45 minutes . the show was supposed to start at 19:30 and it started at 20:15 , " this shows a lack of respect " . 
when the show started the starring was wrong because it said that act danny brook and tina truelove and danny brook did'n act , it was another actor that nobody knew , " really this is very disappointing " . after the show i planned to go to the restaurant with my wife , but what do you think it happened ? " the restaurant was closed " . 
when the show started the billing was wrong because it said that actor danny brook and tina truelove appeared and danny brook didn't act , it was another actor that nobody knew , " really this is very disappointing " . after the show i planned to go to the restaurant with my wife , but what do you think happened ? " the restaurant was closed " . 
manager i spect that you considered my bad experience in your theatre , so i'm asking you for my money back , because , it was a very bad evening . 
manager , i expect that you have considered my bad experience at your theatre , so i'm asking you for my money back , because it was a very bad evening . 
sincerely , 
sincerely , 
classmate secret unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets for his classmate . the class had organized a secret party for our friend , nick that was leaving the school on 2 more weeks . all started when pat , the best friend of nick , wanted to make the party in his house , most of the class disagree with that because the house of pat is extremly little , they started to say him that his house was like a box . pat got very angree and sad . pat affected with this situation told nick all the situation and the secret of the class . at the beginning nick got angree but then he forgive him because they were friend and each of one can trust on the other . nick told the situation to the class and ofered his house to do the party , because was very big , with large gardens and a big swimingpool . the day of the party all had fun especially pat that at the beggining was sad . 
classmate secret unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets for his classmate . the class had organized a secret party for our friend nick who was leaving the school in 2 more weeks . it all started when pat , nick's best friend , wanted to have the party at his house . most of the class disagreed with that because the pat's house is extremely little , they started to say to him that his house was like a box . pat got very angry and sad . pat , affected by this situation , told nick all about the situation and the class secret . at first nick got angry but then he forgave him because they were friends and each of them could trust in the other . nick told the situation to the class and offered his house for the party , because it was very big , with large gardens and a big swimming pool . the day of the party everyone had fun , especially pat who at the beginning to start with was sad . 
dear sir , 
dear sir , 
i recently spent a week in london and during my stay i went to the theatre in order to see " over the rainbow " , - the musical show - . at first , i thought i would have a wonderful night out since i had read the advertisement of the show , nevertheless it has wrong information . 
i recently spent a week in london and during my stay i went to the theatre in order to see " over the rainbow " - the musical . at first , i thought i would have a wonderful night out since i had read the advertisement for the show , however , it was misleading . 
first of all , the advertisement of the show said that danny brook was going to be on stage . however , he did not appear during the show; that disappointed me a lot . 
first of all , the advertisement for the show said that danny brook was going to be on stage . however , he did not appear during the show; that disappointed me a lot . 
appart from that , the show was delayed forty five minutes , consequently , everybody there lost control and became angry . 
apart from that , the show was delayed forty-five minutes , consequently , everybody there lost control and became angry . 
another thing i would like you to know is that there were no special rates on the price of the ticket , which cost me 20 . besides , the theatre restaurant had closed down before i went out of the show . 
another thing i would like you to know is that there were no special rates on the price of the ticket , which cost me 20 . also , the theatre restaurant had closed down before i left the show . 
finally i would like to inform you that i had never spent such an umpleasant evening in my whole life . therefore , i would be very grateful if you - the manager of the theatre - could send me the money back , at least the money i spent on the ticket . 
finally i would like to inform you that i have never had such an unpleasant evening in my whole life . therefore , i would be very grateful if you - the manager of the theatre - could send me the money back , at least the money i spent on the ticket . 
your faithfully
yours faithfully
lucca calzari
lucca calzari
unfortunately pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . he was one of my best friends , but all secrets told to him spreaded throughout the school in a matter of minutes . the worst was that he did it unconciously . 
unfortunately pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . he was one of my best friends , but all secrets told to him spread throughout the school in a matter of minutes . the worst was that he did it unconsciously . 
when we were in the primary school , my teacher wanted to surprise tom ( a school mate ) for his 10th birthday by preparing a fancy dress party in the school . 
when we were at primary school , my teacher wanted to surprise tom ( a school mate ) on his 10th birthday by arranging a fancy dress party at the school . 
we had been preparing it for three days , we hired fancy dresses , had a cake made by a cook and decorated the gymnasium . unfortunately , it was me who had to tell pat about the surprise . 
we had been preparing it for three days , we hired fancy dress , had a cake made by a cook and decorated the gymnasium . unfortunately , it was me who had to tell pat about the surprise . 
later , i realiced it was the worst thing it could happen to me . 
later , i realised it was the worst thing that could happen to me . 
on the day of the party , half an hour before it started , pat came across with a gang of boys from another course . since they were going to beat him , he desperately told them everything he knew about the party . 
on the day of the party , half an hour before it started , pat came across with a gang of boys from another course . since they were going to beat him up , he desperately told them everything he knew about the party . 
afterwards , all of them were around tim telling him what pat had confessed . 
afterwards , all of them were around tim telling him what pat had confessed . 
both pat and tim were very disappointed that day . 
both pat and tim were very disappointed that day . 
dear manager i am writing you because of your new musical show " over the rainbow'' . i have spent my holiday in london recently and it is like a tradition , we went to a musical . after reading your programme i was very impressed and i was looking forward to see it . but firstly when we bought our tickets , we didn't get any discount , we had to pay the full price . and then the show started at 20:15 p . m . , although it was supposed to start at 19:30 p . m . , so we've had to wait quite long in this crowded room . and when the show finally started , i realized that it was not danny brook acting , instead there was an unknown , not very talented actor . after the show we wanted to go to your theatre restaurant , because we were very hungry , but then we saw that it was closed , because of staff illness . i would like to ask you to give us our money back , because it has been a very disappointing evening for us . yours sincerely , sara schmidt
dear manager i am writing to you because of your new musical show " over the rainbow'' . i spent my holiday in london recently and , it is like a tradition , we went to a musical . after reading your programme i was very impressed and i was looking forward to seeing it . but firstly when we bought our tickets , we didn't get any discount , we had to pay the full price . and then the show started at 20:15 p . m . , although it was supposed to start at 19:30 p . m . , so we had to wait quite long in that crowded room . and when the show finally started , i realized that it was not danny brook acting , instead there was an unknown , not very talented actor . after the show we wanted to go to your theatre restaurant , because we were very hungry , but then we saw that it was closed , because of staff illness . i would like to ask you to give us our money back , because it was a very disappointing evening for us . yours sincerely , sara schmidt
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . we sometimes tried to make surprise parties , but it never worked because of him . 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . we sometimes tried to throw surprise parties , but it never worked because of him . 
two weeks before his birthday he started asking us what we were gong to do . that annoyed us so much , that we started making something up . we told pat we couldn't have a party on his birthday , because everyone except me had something to do . of course , that wasn't , we had actually organised a party for him with all his friends since a long time go , but he wasn't supposed to know that . 
two weeks before his birthday he started asking us what we were going to do . that annoyed us so much that we started making something up . we told pat we couldn't have a party on his birthday , because everyone except me had something to do . of course , that wasn't true , we had actually organised a party for him with all his friends a long time ago , but he wasn't supposed to know that . 
on his birthday all our friends were at my place , waiting for pat . i had invited him to opened the evening with me . but half an hour before he should have been there he phoned me and said he was too tired to come . i couldn't change his mind although i've tried everything . in the end i just told him the truth . he was very sorry that he had not want to come and arrived quite soon then . 
on his birthday all our friends were at my place , waiting for pat . i had invited him to spend the evening with me . but half an hour before he should have been there he phoned me and said he was too tired to come . i couldn't change his mind although i tried everything . in the end i just told him the truth . he was very sorry that he had not wanted to come and arrived quite soon then . 
but i know now , that it is always better not to lie even if it should be for good . 
but i know now that it is always better not to lie even if it is for a good reason . 
dear sir , 
dear sir , 
i am writing to complain about a musical show presented in your theatre . indeed , i recently spent a week's holiday in london and i went to the theatre to see " over the rainbow " . it was really a very disappointing evening . 
i am writing to complain about a musical show put on in your theatre . indeed , i recently spent a week's holiday in london and i went to the theatre to see " over the rainbow " . it was really a very disappointing evening . 
i was disappointed to see that danny brook , announced on your advertisement , did not act in this show . indeed , he was replaced by a different actor for this evening . additionally , the show started at 20:15 instead of 19:30 , and i had to pay the full price for my ticket as no discount was available . however , the worst was to come as it was impossible to eat something after the show . indeed , the theatre restaurant was closed because the chef was ill . 
i was disappointed to see that danny brook , announced on your advertisement , did not act in this show . indeed , he was replaced by a different actor for this evening . additionally , the show started at 20:15 instead of 19:30 , and i had to pay the full price for my ticket as no discount was available . however , the worst was to come as it was impossible to eat something after the show . indeed , the theatre restaurant was closed because the chef was ill . 
i hope you can imagine my great disappointment . therefore , i would like to ask you for refunding me my entrance fee , as this evening did not correspond to your advertisement . 
i hope you can imagine my great disappointment . therefore , i would like to ask you to refund me my entrance fee , as this evening did not correspond to your advertisement . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
science and technology have played an important role for the last twenty years and the development of the modern technology has especially affected our lives . 
science and technology have played an important role for the last twenty years and the development of modern technology has especially affected our lives . 
to take my personal example , i would be no more able to live without some of the most recent discoveries , which make my daily life easier . for instance , i can't imagine living without using a computer to write my scholar works , to play a game or to order some goods on the internet . this latter is a new media which has changed my life , as it is a marvellous tool to communicate , learn or have fun . another important change related to the modern technology are the credit cards . until i have had one , i was often run out of cash and had to go to the bank . at the present time , thanks to my credit card , i can really buy what i want , when i want and where i want ! 
to take my personal example , i would be not not be able to live without some of the most recent discoveries , which make my daily life easier . for instance , i can't imagine living without using a computer to write my school work , to play a game or to order some goods on the internet . this is a new media which has changed my life , as it is a marvellous tool for communication , learning or having fun . another important change related to modern technology are credit cards . until i had one , i would often run out of cash and had to go to the bank . at the present time , thanks to my credit card , i can really buy what i want , when i want and where i want ! 
to sum up , there are many other discoveries in relation with the modern technology which affect my daily life . however it would be too long to list them all , and i am quite sure that you also know them as they don't change only my life , but everybody's daily life . 
to sum up , there are many other discoveries related to modern technology which affect my daily life . however , it would take too long to list them all , and i am quite sure that you are also familiar with them as they don't change only my life , but everybody's daily life . 
dear sir/madam , 
dear sir/madam , 
having seen your musical show last sunday , i am writing to complain the problems and to ask for some money back . 
having seen your musical show last sunday , i am writing to complain about the problems and to ask for some money back . 
firstly , concerning actors , in your advertisement you stated that danny brook and tina truelove would perform in the musical , but in fact different actors performed . i was so disappointed ! ! 
firstly , concerning the actors , in your advertisement you stated that danny brook and tina truelove would perform in the musical , but in fact different actors performed . i was so disappointed ! ! 
regarding starting time and the theatre restaurant , to see the musical i had to wait about 45 minuits because it started at 20:15 . as well as this , after seeing the musical i went to the theatre restaurant , which you referred in your advertisement , but it was closed already . i was really angry ! 
regarding starting time and the theatre restaurant , to see the musical i had to wait about 45 minutes because it started at 20:15 . as well as this , after seeing the musical i went to the theatre restaurant , which you referred to in your advertisement , but it was closed already . i was really angry ! 
lastly , with reference to ticket prices , your theatre hadn't any discounts even for children . i had to buy an adult ticket for my child and spent more money than i had expected . 
lastly , with reference to ticket prices , your theatre hadn't any discounts even for children . i had to buy an adult ticket for my child and spent more money than i had expected . 
i am sure you can imagine what i felt . it was not perfect evening for me and my child at all ! i am also sure you can refund my money . 
i am sure you can imagine what i felt . it was not a perfect evening for me and my child at all ! i am also sure you can refund my money . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours faithfully , 
yours faithfully , 
kwa phat sun . 
kwa phat sun . 
dear tae , 
dear tae , 
how are you getting on ? i'm fine . having talked with you a couple of weeks ago , i'd like to give you some information . 
how are you getting on ? i'm fine . having talked with you a couple of weeks ago , i'd like to give you some information . 
i know you are always interested in detictive stories especially agatha christie's . don't be surprised ! her best detective stories are going to be read on the radio this sunday evening at 18:00 . i'm sure you'll be pleased . you are supposed to listen to them . 
i know you are always interested in detective stories , especially agatha christie's . don't be surprised ! her best detective stories are going to be read on the radio this sunday evening at 18:00 . i'm sure you'll be pleased . you are supposed to listen to them . 
as well as this , the stories are going to be read in english . it's good chance for you to improve your english . you can not only listen to her best detective stories , but also learn english automatically . it will be fantastic ! 
as well as this , the stories are going to be read in english . it's a good chance for you to improve your english . you cannot only listen to her best detective stories , but also learn english automatically . it will be fantastic ! 
where the stories are concerned , they will not be difficult to understand because you already know the stories and naraitors are going to read clearly . what i'd like to say is you should listen to them . 
where the stories are concerned , they will not be difficult to understand because you already know the stories and the narators are going to read clearly . what i'd like to say is you should listen to them . 
i hope you're happy to receive my letter and am looking forward to hearing from you . 
i hope you're happy to receive my letter and am looking forward to hearing from you . 
best wishes , 
best wishes , 
kwa phat sun
kwa phat sun
dear manager , 
dear manager , 
i wright to complein about the musical show " over the rainbow " . i had a very disapointing evening because of many things . 
i write to complain about the musical show " over the rainbow " . i had a very disappointing evening because of many things . 
first the actor was a wery common actor . then it start's 45 minutes lent . also in the advicement they talk about discount tikets . well they didn't accepted when i pay with my 20 discount tiket why ? and at last i couldn't visit the theater restaurant after the show , it was closed , why ? i don't know . 
first the actor was a very average actor . then it starts 45 minutes late . also in the advertisement they talk about discount tickets . well they didn't accept my 20 discount ticket . why ? and finally i couldn't visit the theatre restaurant after the show , it was closed . why ? i don't know . 
alslo i wanted to tell you that the show was very borring . it was alwais the saim . and it was to slow . 
also i wanted to tell you that the show was very boring . it was always the same . and it was too slow . 
because all these things it obiously wasn't the perfect evening as it's seid in the advicement . so i wrought this letter to ask for my money back . 
because of all these things it obviously wasn't the perfect evening as it was was said in the advertisement . so i wrote this letter to ask for my money back . 
your's faithfully , 
yours faithfully , 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets , because after i told her that i have a new girlfriend , all the school knows it in lees than 2 hours . 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets , because after i told her that i had a new girlfriend , all the school knew it in less than 2 hours . 
i have to explain to every body that , i formaly dond't have a girlfriend , i explein them that it's was a good posibility , nothing els , but noone belive me , because pat has told them that i have a formal girlfriend . this problem with pat had a lot of consecuences , because i had a very hevy discucion with her about that , it was so heay that one of ower teachers had to calm me , because i was very angree with her . the teacher send me to talk with the principal , who suspended me for discus in bad maners with a girl . 
i had to explain to everybody that i formally actually don't didn't have a girlfriend . i explain explained to them that it was a good possibility , nothing else , but no one believe believed me , because pat had told them that i had an actual girlfriend . this problem with pat had a lot of consequences , because i had a very heavy discussion with her about it . it was so heavy that one of our teachers had to calm me down , because i was very angry with her . the teacher sent me to talk with the principal , who suspended me for discuss discussing using bad manners language with a girl . 
so i was suspended , i had a fight with one of my best friend , all because she wasn't very good at keeping secrets . 
so i was suspended , i had a fight with one of my best friends , all because she wasn't very good at keeping secrets . 
dear sir , 
dear sir , 
last week , i had visited your theatre and i was very disappointed because i did not have a perfect evening out like what advertisement said . 
last week , i visited your theatre and i was very disappointed because i did not have a perfect evening out like your advertisement said . 
i would like to complain four things about your theatre . fist thing , the actor is very horrible so i recommend you to change the actor because he will make an audience who visit you theatre disappoint . 
i would like to complain about four things concerning your theatre . first thing , the actor is really horrible so i recommend you change the actor because he will make an audience who visits your theatre disappoint disappoint an audience who visits your theatre . 
second thing , you should open the show on time because if the audience have to wait , they will not feel happy but i think you know that . 
second thing , you should open the show on time because if the audience have to wait , they will not feel happy . but i think you know that . 
according to the advertisement , it said tickets  10 ,  15 and  20 discounts available but when i bought the ticket , the discounts did not available
regarding the advertisement , it said tickets  10 ,  15 and  20 discounts available but when i bought the ticket , the discounts were not available
after the show i was very hungry so i went to the restaurant in the theatre but it was closed for decorating that make me very angry and disappoint . 
after the show i was very hungry so i went to the restaurant in the theatre but it was closed for refurbishment . that makes made me very angry and disappointed . 
to conclude , your theatre is not good like what advertisement said so i would like to ask for some money back . i look forward to hearing from you . 
to conclude , your theatre is not good like what advertisement said so i would like to ask for some money back . i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours faithfully , 
yours faithfully , 
( chan suntavee ) 
( chan suntavee ) 
nowadays , science and technology are very important to our life . the technology make my daily life change a lots compare to the past . 
nowadays , science and technology are very important to our life . the technology makes my daily life change changes my daily life a lot compare to the past . 
for example , when i was young , i used to walk to school everyday but now my father has a car so i don't have to walk anymore , because my father gives me a lift everyday . 
for example , when i was young , i used to walk to school every day but now my father has a car so i don't have to walk anymore , because my father gives me a lift every day . 
at home , i have a video game so i play it all the time and i'm very enjoy that make my daily life happy so it's excellent but on the other hand i didn't do any homework or study at all . 
at home , i have a video game so i play it all the time and i'm very enjoyable glad that it makes my daily life happy so it's excellent but on the other hand i don't do any homework or study at all . 
another example is computer , i don't have to watch television or read a newspaper because i can know the news by using internet in the computer . 
another example is the computer . i don't have to watch television or read a newspaper because i can get the news by using the internet on the computer . 
to sum up , the modern technology has changed my daily life in bad ways and good ways . therefore my daily life will change to bad ways or goods ways , it depends on how i use the technology . 
to sum up , modern technology has changed my daily life in bad ways and good ways . therefore my daily life will change in bad ways or goods ways . it depends on how i use the technology . 
59 gorham drive
59 gorham drive
st albans
st albans
al1 2hw
al1 2hw
17th june 2000
17th june 2000
dear sir/madam
dear sir/madam
i am writing to complain about the musical show of " over the rainbow " which i saw on 15th of june in your theatre . 
i am writing to complain about the musical show " over the rainbow " which i saw on 15th of june in your theatre . 
firstly , i wanted to see dann block playing as your advertisement already said , but there was a different actor instead of him at that evening . in addition to this , the show did not start on time , 19:30 , so i had to wait for 45 minutes . another disappointing thing was that you did not explain the reason why it was delayed by 20:15 . 
firstly , i wanted to see dann block performing as your advertisement already said , but there was a different actor instead of him on that evening . in addition to this , the show did not start on time , 19:30 , so i had to wait for 45 minutes . another disappointing thing was that you did not explain the reason why it was delayed until 20:15 . 
as for the ticket price , you promised to provide discount tickets , but they were not available . furthermore , when i went to the restaurant after the show , i found it was closed . because its opening time was from 10:00 to 17:00 . 
as for the ticket price , you promised to provide discount tickets , but they were not available . furthermore , when i went to the restaurant after the show , i found it was closed because its opening time was from 10:00 to 17:00 . 
i do not need to tell , either , that i had awful evening and you are responsible for that . so i am asking to refund all the money . 
i do not need to tell you , either , that i had an awful evening and you are responsible for that . so i am asking you to refund all the money . 
thanking for your prompt attention . 
thanking you for your prompt attention . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you soon . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you soon . 
yours faithfully
yours faithfully
tyung kwa ( miss ) 
tyung kwa ( miss ) 
the revolution of information technology
the revolution of information technology
i am checking my e-mail everyday using the internet , i am talking to my friends who is far away connecting to network systems , and i am taking my mobile phone . 
i check my e-mail every day using the internet , i talk to my friends who are far away by connecting to network systems , and i take carry my mobile phone . 
for recent years , as information technology has been improved highly , communication methods have been changed to a different way , which is not same as before . 
in recent years , as information technology has been improved greatly , communication methods have been changed to a different way , which is not the same as before . 
a few years ago , i did not know what internet was , how to use it and so on . but , while those have been spread all over the world , i and all the other people who i have known became to use them . 
a few years ago , i did not know what the internet was , how to use it and so on . but , while it has spread all over the world , i and all the other people who i have known started to use them . 
i can find out some information at home , although i do not go to library . i am able to meet my friends quickly in internet just clicking the mouse . in addition to these , i can contact to anyone who i want to talk at any convenient time in case i need him or her , or i am needed . 
i can find out some information at home , although i do not go to the library . i am able to meet my friends quickly on the internet by just clicking the mouse . in addition to these things , i can contact anyone who i want to talk to at any convenient time in case i need him or her , or i am needed . 
it is causing some changes to me . so , now i would rather send the e-mail than the letter , and i prefer to surf the internet when i need to find something . as it has given me different kinds of communication systems , my daily life is more comfortable , relaxed and faster . 
it is causing some changes in me . so , now i would rather send an e-mail than a letter , and i prefer to surf the internet when i need to find something . as it has given me different kinds of communication systems , my daily life is more comfortable , relaxed and faster . 
17 may 2000
17 may 2000
dear sir or mam , 
dear sir or madam , 
last weak , i went to london to see the musical " over the rainbow " . i was realy happy to see the " best musical show " in london . but what i saw was exactly the opposite i expected . in other words , it was a disaster . 
last week , i went to london to see the musical " over the rainbow " . i was really happy to be seeing the " best musical show " in london . but what i saw was exactly the opposite to what i expected . in other words , it was a disaster . 
maybe you could explain to me , what the problems were . by problems i mean , that the show started at 20 . 15 and not at 19:30 or why were no discounts avaivable ? but these are only little problems . the most disappointing thing was that there were diffrent actors which were not very good in acting . and after the show we didn't know what to do with the rest of the evening , because we actually wanted to go to the theatre restaurant after the show , but it was closed . 
maybe you could explain to me what the problems were . by problems i mean that the show started at 20 . 15 and not at 19:30 or why there were no discounts available ? but these are only little problems . the most disappointing thing was that there were different actors to those advertised who were not very good at acting . and after the show we didn't know what to do with the rest of the evening , because we actually wanted to go to the theatre restaurant after the show , but it was closed . 
it wasn't realy a perfect evening like you promised on your flyer . i was very disapointed and i would like to have my money back . some people might be silly enough to pay for such a bad show . i will tell everyone i know how bad it was . 
it wasn't really a perfect evening as you promised on your flyer . i was very disappointed and i would like to have my money back . some people might be silly enough to pay for such a bad show . i will tell everyone i know how bad it was . 
yours faithfully , franz morell hand
yours faithfully , franz morell hand
how has modern technology changed your daily life ? 
how has modern technology changed your daily life ? 
unfortunately , modern technology made the life for many people easier . if you think about the early days , when no cars were on the roads and noone had an opertunity to fly to another country for holiday , people had to walk or go by horse and ship . today , everyone has the opertunity to just get into a car and drive to where ever they want to . modern technology also allows you to go into the internet to get any information you need . every production is much faster and cheaper than before , because you don't have to pay for worker anymore . every thing is controlled and produced by machines . this also is a very big disatvantage because many people are losing thier jobs . the only and simple advantage of modern technology is just taking the work from us so we don't have to do anything anymore . another disadvantage is that every one becomes a bit more lonely because they wath tv or play or work with the computer and don't see each other any more because they don't have to . you never get bored . 
unfortunately , modern technology has made life for many people easier . if you think about the early days , when no cars were on the roads and no one had an opportunity to fly to another country for a holiday , people had to walk or go by horse and ship . today , everyone has the opportunity to just get into a car and drive wherever they want to . modern technology also allows you to go onto the internet to get any information you need . production is much faster and cheaper than before , because you don't have to pay for the workers anymore . everything is controlled and produced by machines . this is also a very big disadvantage because many people are losing their jobs . the only and simple advantage of modern technology is just taking the work from us so we don't have to do anything anymore . another disadvantage is that everyone becomes a bit more lonely because they watch tv or play or work on the computer and don't see each other anymore because they don't have to . you never get bored . 
santigo , june 17th , 2000
santigo , june 17th , 2000
mr. manager of the circle theatre , 
mr. manager of the circle theatre , 
while i was staying in london , i went to see one of your musical shows , " over the rainbow " , because i had read the add on the newspaper , and i thought it would be an interesting experience . let me tell you now how everything really was . 
while i was staying in london , i went to see one of your musical shows , " over the rainbow " , because i had read the ad in the newspaper , and i thought it would be an interesting experience . let me tell you now how everything really was . 
one of the reason i went to see that particular show , was the starring actor announced in the add , danny brook , but when the show actually started , with forty five minutes delay , i realized that danny brook was not in the play . the add also mentioned discounts , but that wasn't true either . after the play , which turned out to be just as bad as i thought , i wanted to relax in the theatre restaurant , but it was closed , and for no reason ! 
one of the reasons i went to see that particular show was the starring actor , announced in the ad to be danny brook , but when the show actually started , after forty-five minutes' delay , i realized that danny brook was not in the play . the ad also mentioned discounts , but that wasn't true either . after the play , which turned out to be just as bad as i thought , i wanted to relax in the theatre restaurant , but it was closed , and for no reason ! 
it is for these reasons that i expect a full refund of the ticket prize , it is my right as a paying customer to get what i have paid for . looking forward to hearing from you . 
it is for these reasons that i expect a full refund of the ticket price . it is my right as a paying customer to get what i have paid for . looking forward to hearing from you . 
we can hardly imagine life without compures , t . v . sets , microwaves , and so many other things , and yet , none of these things existed seventy years ago . i think that the life we live is easier than our parents , thanks to technology . we can do things our grandparents could only dream of . internet , i think , is one of the most important inventions in the history of humanity . my life has not been affected or changed by technology , because when i was born , most of the things that i use in my daily life already existed . but technology is becoming more and more complicated , and new things are invented every day , so i think that our life will be completely different in forty years . and , since all these new things only make our life easier , technology is welcome . 
we can hardly imagine life without computers , tv sets , microwaves , and so many other things , and yet none of these things existed seventy years ago . i think that the life we live is easier than the life our parents lived , thanks to technology . we can do things our grandparents could only dream of . the internet , i think , is one of the most important inventions in the history of humanity . my life has not been affected or changed by technology , because when i was born , most of the things that i use in my daily life already existed . but technology is becoming more and more complicated , and new things are invented every day , so i think that our lives will be completely different in forty years . and , since all these new things only make our lives easier , technology is welcome . 
dear sir
dear sir
as i thought your advertisement was interesting , i went there but it was not good as it should be . first of all , the actor was not danny brook as you wrote . secondly , it ought to start at 19:30 but it really started at 20:30 . according to the advertisement , the discounts were available . in fact , i had to pay the full price which costed me 15 . after the show i intended to visit the theatre restaurant but it was closed because as you have known that the show started late , therefore the restaurant had closed before the show finished . 
as i thought your advertisement was interesting , i went there but it was not as good as it should be . first of all , the actor was not danny brook as you wrote . secondly , it ought to start at 19:30 but it really started at 20:30 . according to the advertisement , discounts would be available . in fact , i had to pay the full price , which cost me 15 . after the show i intended to visit the theatre restaurant but it was closed because , though you knew that the show started late , the restaurant had closed before the show finished . 
as i have informed you all the fact , i think the show was not worth the money i paid , so i want the refund for 15 . 
as i have informed you of all the facts , i think the show was not worth the money i paid , so i want a refund of 15 . 
i look forward to hearing from you as soon as possible . 
i look forward to hearing from you as soon as possible . 
your faithfully
yours faithfully
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . the story begins when jan , who was pat's best friend , told pat that she saw tim when he was cheating the exam . the next day , pat told everybody what she had heard from jan , so when the news came to teachers' ears , the teachers decided to give tim grade f in that subject and tell his parents ! ! 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . the story begins when jan , who was pat's best friend , told pat that she saw tim when he was cheating in the exam . the next day , pat told everybody what she had heard from jan , so when the news came to the teachers' ears , the teachers decided to give tim a grade f in that subject and tell his parents ! ! 
tim , who was the most powerful bully , was punished by his parents and of course by the teachers . he was furious with jan , so what happened was jan was bullied but not because of her fault , it was pat's . 
tim , who was the most powerful bully , was punished by his parents and of course by the teachers . he was furious with jan , so what happened was jan was bullied but not because of her fault . it was pat's . 
actually , i think it was right to tell the teachers but not in pat's way . it would have been better for both pat and jan if they had told the teachers privately and secretly because tim would haven't known who had told the teachers . 
actually , i think it was right to tell the teachers but not in pat's way . it would have been better for both pat and jan if they had told the teachers privately and secretly because tim wouldn't have known who had told the teachers . 
now , jan has still been bullied nearly everyday . her parents have been so upset that they have asked the school to help thier child and that is the reason why i'm writing this story . if all of us try to help her , i'm sure that we can make her a better school life . 
now , jan is still being bullied nearly every day . her parents have been so upset that they have asked the school to help their child and that is the reason why i'm writing this story . if all of us try to help her , i'm sure that we can make her school life better . 
dear sir/madam
dear sir/madam
i have visited your theater and i was very dissapointed because of the number of reasons . 
i visited your theatre and i was very disappointed for a number of reasons . 
i've read your advertisment and in reality to what was written there was different . 
i've read your advertisement and the reality was different to what was written there . 
there was no danny brook but instead of him was a different actor and i'm very dissapointed about it because i'm his fan . the show started much later , on 45 minutes later than it should be so i was late for the bus . there were no discounts availible so i overspended the money . the theater restaurant was closed for no reason availble to me . 
there was no danny brook but instead of him there was a different actor and i'm very disappointed about that because i'm a fan of his . the show started much later , 45 minutes later than it should have so i was late for the bus . there were no discounts available so i overspent . the theatre restaurant was closed for no reason available apparent to me . 
it was a realy bad evening and because of it could you possibly give my money back ? because it was just a waste of money to go to your show . 
it was a really bad evening and because of that could you possibly give me my money back ? because it was just a waste of money going to your show . 
yours faithfully
yours faithfully
vaisili solatov
vaisili solatov
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . but when i came to this school a few months ago i didn't know this . we are in the same maths set so i met him rather soon . he was one of the first people who i get know . after a few days he was already my best friend . everything was going perfectly befor last month when i met a girl from the other school . her name was marine . i saw her as a perfect girl with who i fallen in love with . so one day she offered to me to come to her house at night and to do so i had to run away from our boarding house and that was illigal . i had decided to go . so i woke up at 2 o'clock in the morning and climed out of the window . unfortunately for me pat at the time went to toilet and saw me . so i asked him to keep it in secret . i came back at 6 o'clock in the morning and went to sleep again . next day my best friend went to headmaster and told him about me so he gave me a sespend . 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . but when i came to this school a few months ago i didn't know this . we are in the same maths set so i met him rather soon . he was one of the first people who i got to know . after a few days he was already my best friend . everything was going perfectly before last month when i met a girl from the other school . her name was marine . i saw her as a perfect girl with whom i had fallen in love . so one day she invited me to come to her house at night and to do so i had to run away from our boarding house and that was illegal . i had decided to go . so i woke up at 2 o'clock in the morning and climbed out of the window . unfortunately for me pat at the time was going to the toilet and saw me . so i asked him to keep it a secret . i came back at 6 o'clock in the morning and went to sleep again . next day my best friend went to the headmaster and told him about me so he put me on suspension . 
17 june , 2000
17 june , 2000
dear sir or madam , 
dear sir or madam , 
i visited your theatre a couple of days ago in order to see the musical show titled 'over the rainbow' . i was not satified with the show at all because it was very different from the information your advertisement had stated . 
i visited your theatre a couple of days ago in order to see the musical show titled 'over the rainbow' . i was not satisfied with the show at all because it was very different from the description your advertisement had given . 
first , i expected to see danny brook but a different actor appeared without any explanation . secondly , although the show started at 20:15 , your theatre restaurant closed at the usual time and i was not able to eat dinner . i had planned to have dinner there after the show . what is worse , the ticket price was not reduced despite the fact that i showed my student id . visiting your theatre should have been the most pleasant time during my holiday in london . i do hope you will understand my feelings and send some money back . 
first , i expected to see danny brook but a different actor appeared without any explanation being given . secondly , although the show started at 20:15 , your theatre restaurant closed at the usual time and i was not able to eat dinner . i had planned to have dinner there after the show . what is worse , the ticket price was not reduced despite the fact that i showed my student id . visiting your theatre should have been the most pleasant event during my holiday in london . i do hope you will understand my feelings and send me some of my money back . 
faithfully yours , 
faithfully yours , 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . i had known that but i told my secret to her , which was a big mistake . 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . i had known that but i told her my secret , which was a big mistake . 
it was just an usual day . somehow i felt like sharing my secret with her and told her that the new pop singer who was very popular among girls was my cousin . pat was very surprised but soon she began asking me lots of questions about him . i didn't mind telling her about my cousin , actually he isn't different from other boys at all , he just has sweet-looking . next day , i went to school as usual and got agog at a large number of girls waiting for me around my rocker . they all seemed to want to be my best friend , and only pat seemed to be happy to be my best friend . 
it was just an ordinary day . somehow i felt like sharing my secret with her and told her that the new pop singer who was very popular among girls was my cousin . pat was very surprised but soon she began asking me lots of questions about him . i didn't mind telling her about my cousin . actually he isn't different from other boys at all . he just is is just sweet-looking . the next day , i went to school as usual and was agog at the large number of girls waiting for me around my locker . they all seemed to want to be my best friend , and only pat seemed to be happy to be my best friend . 
now i'm asking my cousin either to meet my friends , or to quit being a singer right now . 
now i'm asking my cousin either to meet my friends , or to quit being a singer right now . 
dear sir or madam , 
dear sir or madam , 
i am writing this letter to you to complain about your circle theatre . 
i am writing this letter to you to complain about your circle theatre . 
first of all i must say that " over the rainbow " is not the london newest and best musical show , for many reasons:
first of all , i must say that " over the rainbow " is not london's newest and best musical show , for many reasons:
in your advertisement i read the times , it was 14 . 30 and 10 . 30 , however it started 20 . 15 ! so i've been doing the nothing for a long time and i don't like to lose my time , and what about danny brook and tina truelove ? , where were they the last weekend ? the last weekend in the theatre was a different actor who was disappointing . to make the evening worse the tickets were not discounts available , and the theatre restaurant was closed after the show because it was so late when the show was over . 
in your advertisement i read the times of the performances , they were 14 . 30 and 10 . 30 , however , it started at 20 . 15 ! so i was doing nothing for a long time and i don't like to waste my time , and what about danny brook and tina truelove ? where were they last weekend ? the last last weekend at the theatre there was a different actor who was disappointing . to make the evening worse the tickets were no discounts available there were no discounts available on the tickets , and the theatre restaurant was closed after the show because it was so late when the show was over . 
i want the money back , if you don't give it to me back , i will intend to write to the press and explain everything , and of course i won't be the only one . i am so furious because when i asked for money back that day , the sir wasn't able to give it back because he would be sack . 
i want my money back . if you don't give it back to me , i intend to write to the press and tell everything , and of course i won't be the only one . i am so furious because when i asked for my money back that day , the sir wasn't able to give it back because he would be sacked . 
yours faithfully , 
yours faithfully , 
the secret lover
the secret lover
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets and he usually makes up some extra information . 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets and he usually made up some extra information . 
on day we decided to write a special letter to pat; in the letter we told him that we felt in love , we were a beautiful girl with long hair and green eyes ( as pat likes women ) . the only problem was that the girl was to shy to speak to him , she wanted to keep her name in secret , and if pat tells someone something about the letter , she won't say who is . 
one day we decided to write a special letter to pat; in the letter we told him that we fell had fallen in love , we were a beautiful girl with long hair and green eyes ( like the women pat likes ) . the only problem was that the girl was too shy to speak to him , she wanted to keep her name a secret , and if pat told someone something about the letter , she wouldn't say who she was . 
poor pat , he was so happy because a girl loves him and so nervous at the same time , even eating his nails . as i said at the beginning pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets so he told us that he had a love letter but we couldn't read it . three days after we sent him another letter , and pat told us again but we said , " oh pat don't tell that lie again " , so pat got furious and showed us the letter . we laughed and explained him that we were who wrote that letters , and made him promises that when he gets a secret lover , a real one , don't tell anyone because he won't meet her . 
poor pat , he was so happy because a girl loved him and so nervous at the same time , even biting his nails . as i said at the beginning pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets so he told us that he had a love letter but we couldn't read it . three days later we sent him another letter , and pat told us again but we said , " oh pat , don't tell us that lie again " , so pat got furious and showed us the letter . we laughed and explained to him that we were the ones who wrote the letters , and made him promise that when he gets a secret lover , a real one , he won't tell anyone because if he does he won't meet her . 
dear sir , 
dear sir , 
i am writing to explain some aspects about your show . it was a desaster and i am telling you why . 
i am writing to explain some aspects of your show . it was a disaster and i am going to tell you why . 
i went to see my favourite actor , danny brook , but i had a bad surprise; he was not in the show ! how could you change the actors without saying something to the visitors . 
i went to see my favourite actor , danny brook , but i had a bad surprise; he was not in the show ! how could you change the actors without saying something to the audience . 
the show was supposed to start at half past seven and started a quarter past eight . forty-five minutes later ! it was incredible . 
the show was supposed to start at half past seven and started at quarter past eight . forty-five minutes late ! it was incredible . 
apart from that , the advertisement mention that there were discounts available , and there were not . it mention that visitors could visit the restaurant after the show , too , and we could not because it was closed , and the person who was there said that it was very late and he was not allowed to open the restaurant for us . 
apart from that , the advertisement mentioned that there were discounts available , and there were not . it mentioned that visitors could visit the restaurant after the show , too , and we could not because it was closed , and the person who was there said that it was very late and he was not allowed to open the restaurant for us . 
i am very disappointed , and if it is possible , i want you to return my money back . 
i am very disappointed , and if it is possible , i want you to return my money . 
i hope that the next time you will do a better show than the last one . 
i hope that the next time you will put on a better show than the last one . 
yours faithfully , 
yours faithfully , 
for me technology affects me a lot may be more than science , because my daily life is plenty of objects with technology , such us television , radio , transports , etc . 
technology affects me a lot , maybe more than science , because my daily life is full of objects using high technology , such us television , radio , transport , etc . 
but it has advantatges as disadvantatges . 
but it has advantages as well as disadvantages . 
on the positive side , if i am bored , the first thing that i want to do is watching television or listening to music . or if i want to go shopping or to another city , it is necessary to use the car or the public transport . 
on the positive side , if i am bored , the first thing that i want to do is watch television or listen to music . and if i want to go shopping or to another city , it is necessary to use the car or public transport . 
on the other hand there are disadvatatges , too . firstly , the enviroment is polluted because of technology , although is our fault . secondly for us is a disadvantatge because the pollution affects us indirectly , and because i don't do anything but watching television , and it isn't very good at all . 
on the other hand there are disadvantages , too . firstly , the environment is polluted because of technology , although this is our fault . secondly for us there are disadvantages because pollution affects us indirectly , and because i don't do anything but watch television , and it isn't very good at all . 
and finally , because i spend a lot of money buying games for the computer , that it's a very good technology , too . 
and finally , because i spend a lot of money buying games for the computer , which it's a very good technology , too . 
to sum up , technology it's the best thing around the world , apart from t . v . 
to sum up , technology is the best thing in the world , apart from t . v . 
dear sir , madam , 
dear sir , madam , 
i am writing to complan about your service . last sunday i went to the circle theatre . i watched a musical show which called 'over the rainbow' . i was very disappointed it . because there were other actors which played too badly . i don't understand why you changed them . i hoped to see danny brook and tina truelove as was presented in an advertisement . 
i am writing to complain about your service . last sunday i went to the circle theatre . i watched a musical show which was called 'over the rainbow' . i was very disappointed with it , because there were other actors to those advertised who played very badly . i don't understand why you changed them . i hoped to see danny brook and tina truelove as was advertised in an advertisement . 
you had to start the show at 19 . 30 p . m . but you started too late at 20 . 15 p . m withour any ecxpenetion to people . 
you were meant to start the show at 19 . 30 p . m . but you started very late at 20 . 15 p . m without any explanation to the audience . 
why did you put into the advertisement 'discounts available' ? it wasen't ! ! ! any kinds of tickets were original prase . 
why did you put in the advertisement 'discounts available' ? they wasn't weren't ! ! ! all tickets were sold at the original price . 
after the show many people wanted go to your theatre restaurant , but it was closed because there someone has fixed something someone has fixed something there . 
after the show many people wanted go to your theatre restaurant , but it was closed because there someone has fixed something someone has fixed something there . 
i had the very disappointing evening so i would like to ask for return my money . i got the ticket for 20 . 
i had a very disappointing evening so i would like to ask for my money back . i got the ticket for 20 . 
i am hearing to looking fermards from you . 
i am hearing to looking forward looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours faithfully , 
yours faithfully , 
ilya v . 
ilya v . 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . i knew that but i needed someone who could understent and support me at that moment . i told to her about my pregnency because she has friend who works in a hospital as a doctor . i asked her for hepl and she promised me do everythings what she can and keep my secret . pat gave same advise for me and i disayded to have an operetion . 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . i knew that but i needed someone who could understand and support me at that moment . i told her about my pregnancy because she has a friend who works in a hospital as a doctor . i asked her for help and she promised me she would do everything that she could and keep my secret . pat gave some advice for me gave me some advice and i decided to have an operation . 
in a week time my classmates and teachers started to toking from me . i understand who told my secret to everyone . i got the big dipress but my parents supported me . we had a big conversation . they stopped me to do the operetion . 
within a week my classmates and teachers started to talking to talk about me . i understood knew who had told my secret to everyone . i got a bit depressed but my parents supported me . we had a long conversation . they stopped me doing having the operation . 
then i was 15 years old . now i am 16 and i have got nice baby boy . my family very love him and support us . i still go to school and i have plan go to a college on next year . 
i was 15 years old then . now i am 16 and i have got a nice baby boy . my family love him very much and support us . i still go to school and i plan to go to college next year . 
i would like to tell to everyone , don't be naive when you share with sameone your big secret or promlem . first tell to your parents . i am sure it is the best way . ofcoure secrets can be different . . . 
i would like to tell everyone - don't be naive when you share with someone your big secret or problem your big secret or problem with someone . first tell your parents . i am sure it is the best way . of course secrets can be different . . . 
mr. maneger , 
mr. manager , 
in this unconfortable situation i am writting to tell you about some irratable problems . i went today to see over the rainbow , and i am very disappointed with the organisation of your theatre . 
in this uncomfortable situation i am writing to tell you about some irritable irritating problems . i went today to see over the rainbow , and i am very disappointed with the organisation of your theatre . 
first of all , when i went to buy my tickets i discovered that the advertisement was saying false things because there wasn't any discount available , but in anyway i bought the ticket . 
first of all , when i went to buy my tickets i discovered that the advertisement was saying false things because there wasn't any discount available , but i bought the ticket anyway . 
then , the time marked to the beginning was 19:30 and unfortunatly he began at 20:15 . 
then , the time stated as the beginning of the show was 19:30 and unfortunately it began at 20:15 . 
i have already , saw others versions of this musical and danny brook is a bad actor , who ended with the musical . 
i have already seen other versions of this musical and danny brook is a bad actor , who ended with the musical . 
closing this facts , when the musical finished i was very , in the fact of the wainting for the start of the musical and dissapointed with this version of over the rainbow , every body went to the restaurant wich is closed without any explanation . 
closing these facts , when the musical finished i was very , after waiting for the start of the musical and i was disappointed with this version of over the rainbow . everybody went to the restaurant , which was closed without any explanation . 
i am very dissapointed with this evening and with the desorganized way of deal with problems so i am asking my money back . 
i am very disappointed with this evening and with this disorganised way of dealing with problems so i am asking for my money back . 
yours faithfully
yours faithfully
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . he has a bestfriend , that was more like a brother for him . they always done thing together , and they were the most popular boys in school , both were very hanson , played football they were the example for everybody . before one day , when pat discovered that his brother was gay , after this their relationship has change . pat was very frightened with this situation . 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . he has a best friend , who was more like a brother to him . they always did things together , and they were the most popular boys in school . both were very handsome , played football ; they were an example for everybody . that was before the day when pat discovered that his brother was gay . after that their relationship changed . pat was very frightened by this situation . 
pat and ted , had always competition , and ted used to be the best , he never had failed and people in general constums to like more ted , i don't now why . 
pat and ted always had competition , and ted used to be the best . he had never failed and people in general customs liked ted more . i don't know why . 
this secret was an opportunity for pat be the best without competition but it is a secret who involved his best friend sexuality , and if ted was a normal person it will be fine but he was the example for all school . 
this secret was an opportunity for pat to be the best without any competition but it was a secret that involved his best friend's sexuality , and if ted had been a normal person it would have been fine but he was an example for all the school . 
unable to keep a secret he told for everyone , ended his friendship with ted , now ted is rejective for everyone , no one talks to him and pat is the example , but without his best friend and his honestity . 
unable to keep a secret he told everyone , ended his friendship with ted . now ted is rejected by everyone , no one talks to him and pat is the example , but without his best friend and his honesty . 
i prefer be nothing than bun like pat
i would prefer to be nothing than to be like pat
dear manager , 
dear manager , 
my name is german schmidt an in the last week i went in your theatre to see the musical show " over the rainbow " . there are some problems , we have to speak about . 
my name is german schmidt and last week i went to your theatre to see the musical show " over the rainbow " . there were some problems we have to speak about . 
at first , the actor was not danny brook there was a different actor , who i don't know . in the advertisement of the show was written that the musical will be start at 19:30 , but it started at 20:15 . 
first , the actor was not danny brook , there was a different actor , who i don't know . in the advertisement for the show it was written that the musical would start at 19:30 , but it started at 20:15 . 
after the musical show i want to spend some time in your theatre restaurant but it was not open , because all of your cooks and waiters are in holidays . 
after the show i wanted to spend some time in your theatre restaurant but it was not open , because all of your cooks and waiters are on holiday . 
and this not perfect evening in your theatre was very expensive for me . i've payed  160 for eight people and there was no discounts available . 
and this was not a perfect evening and your theatre was very expensive for me . i've paid i paid  160 for eight people and there were no discounts available . 
in my oppinion you have to give some money back to me . i think 50% ( 80 ) are enough . 
in my opinion you have to give some money back to me . i think 50% ( 80 ) is enough . 
if you give no money back , i will go to the newspaper . 
if you don't give me any money back , i will go to the newspaper . 
faithfully
faithfully
at first i would say that our technology level , in this time are very high but in the future it would be higher . 
first i will say that our level of technology at the present time is very high but in the future it will be higher . 
with the help of some modern technology our daily life would not so difficult . 
with the help of some modern technology our daily lives would not be so difficult . 
one point in my life is home banking . with the help of my home computer i can do all thing , about money , with my bank . some years ago i have to go to the bank . the new way is very easy and faster and i can spent my time with other things . an other point is the modern technology in my car . because of the modern technology , the safety level in my car is very high . 
one example in my life is home banking . with the help of my home computer i can do all kinds of things , with money , with my bank . some years ago i had to go to the bank . the new way is very easy and faster and i can spend my time on other things . another example is the modern technology in my car . because of modern technology , the safety level of my car is very high . 
at the end i would say that everybody of us can not live without the modern technology , because the modern technology is necessary for us in all parts of our life . 
finally i would say that none of us can live without modern technology , because modern technology is essential for us in all parts of our lives . 
dear sir . 
dear sir , 
i'm sorry to say it but your musical show was very disappointing to me . i was very disappointed . lot of things that you have written at the advertisement are not true . 
i'm sorry to say this , but your musical show was very disappointing to me . i was very disappointed . a lot of things that you wrote in the advertisement are not true . 
you writer that the actor was going to be danny brook but he wasn't there . a different actor was played and this was very disappointing to everyone . 
you write wrote that the actor was going to be danny brook but he wasn't there . a different actor was playing performing and this was very disappointing to everyone . 
also the show did not start at half past seven o'clock as it was said but at eight and fifteen o'clock . everyone get bored until the show start . 
also the show did not start at half past seven as it said but at eight fifteen . everyone get bored waiting for the show to start . 
about the discount that we are going to have . why it does not make to us ? 
about the discount that we were going to have , why didn't we get it ? 
i am also wondering why you told us to visit your theatre restaurant after the show . as it was closed . everyone after the show run to take a good seat at the restaurant but everyone disappointed when they see the sight which said " close for today " . 
i am also wondering why you told us to visit your theatre restaurant after the show , as it was closed . after the show everyone ran to get a good seat in the restaurant but everyone was disappointed when they saw the sign which said " closed for today " . 
that evening wasn't my perfect and i have to say that i want my money back because the show was a disaster . i'm really sorry i am saying this but is the true . 
that evening wasn't perfect and i have to say that i want my money back because the show was a disaster . i'm really sorry to say this but it is the truth . 
i am hoping that you will not make such mistakes again . 
i hope that you will not make such mistakes again . 
yours sincerely 
yours faithfully 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . pat is a friend of mine and we are friends for almost a year . she is a very good girl and she can deal with every promblem she has . 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . pat is a friend of mine and we have been friends for almost a year . she is a very good girl and she can deal with every problem she has . 
it was saturday when i called her and told her to go for a walk at the park , which was not very far away from our houses . i had never told her a secret before but this time , i was going to tell her . the secret was about our friend maria who was very kind with everyone i told her that i have heard that maria had concern . pat told me that she would not told that to anyone but the other day i learnt that all the school had known about maria . 
it was saturday when i called her and asked her to go for a walk in the park , which was not very far away from our houses . i had never told her a secret before but this time i was going to tell her . the secret was about our friend maria who was very kind to everyone . i told her that i had heard that maria had concern . pat told me that she would not tell that to anyone but the other day i learnt that all the school knew about maria . 
i was sure that was pat who told it to everyone . after that i had an argument with pat and then she told me that she said it only to one person . i was very sad with what pat do and i didn't speak to her for a long time . 
i was sure that it was pat who told everyone . after that i had an argument with pat and then she told me that she told only one person . i was very sad about what pat had done and i didn't speak to her for a long time . 
but now we are friends again but i will never say to her a secret in my whole life . 
but now we are friends again but i will never tell her a secret again in my whole life . 
dear sir or madam , 
dear sir or madam , 
i write you this letter to complain about your musical show . first of all , the show began three quarters of an hour late: it started at quarter past eight instead of half past seven , what of course was very bothering . 
i write you this letter to complain about your musical show . first of all , the show began three quarters of an hour late: it started at quarter past eight instead of half past seven , which of course was very annoying . 
i went to your show to see mr. danny brook , who was supposed to play the main character , but he didn't appeared . he had been replaced by a really bad actor , whom i don't even know the name . i was very disappoint of that change , because mr. brook is one of my favourite actor . 
i went to your show to see mr. danny brook , who was supposed to play the main character , but he didn't appear . he had been replaced by a really bad actor , of whom i don't even know the name . i was very disappointed with that change , because mr. brook is one of my favourite actors . 
there were supposed to be discounts for the tickets , what appeared to be wrong to . i had to pay the full prize for them , which was quite expencive . 
there were supposed to be discounts for the tickets , which appeared to be wrong too . i had to pay the full price for them , which was quite expensive . 
my wife and i had decided to eat at the theatre restaurant after the play . it turned to be impossible: the restaurant was closed and we didn't even received an explaination therefor . 
my wife and i had decided to eat at the theatre restaurant after the play . it turned out to be impossible: the restaurant was closed and we didn't even receive an explanation therefore . 
i had a really bad evening and would like to ask you for my money back . 
i had a really bad evening and would like to ask you for my money back . 
waiting for your reply
waiting for your reply
yours faithfully
yours faithfully
pierre gaussier
pierre gaussier
in my opinion modern technology has changed my life a lot . first off all , if computers haden't been invented , i wouldn't spend half of the day in front of it ! i use my computer for many things , such as homeworks , games , digital video or internet . 
in my opinion modern technology has changed my life a lot . first of all , if computers hadn't been invented , i wouldn't spend half of the day in front of one ! i use my computer for many things , such as homework , games , digital video or the internet . 
the developpement of portable communication systems , such as mobile phones has greatly changed our way of life . it is now possible to talk to a friend almost everywhere and everywhen , even if we are two thousand kilometers away from each other . 
the development of portable communication systems , such as mobile phones , has greatly changed our way of life . it is now possible to talk to a friend almost everywhere and anytime , even if we are two thousand kilometres away from each other . 
precision industry has changed my life a lot too . i practicate scuba diving during the week-ends and hollydays . that wouldn't have been possible a century ago , because all our material , such as dive computers , tanks or regulators didn't existed at that time . 
precision industry has changed my life a lot too . i practise go scuba diving during the weekends and holidays . that wouldn't have been possible a century ago , because all our equipment , such as diving computers , tanks or regulators , didn't exist at that time . 
i think that we live easier now ( thanks to modern medicine ) and that our lives will get easier with the time . 
i think that we live easier now ( thanks to modern medicine ) and that our lives will get easier with time . 
dear manager , 
dear manager , 
i'm writing this letter to you because i had a very disappointing evening to your theatre . and i would like to explain what the problems were . 
i'm writing this letter to you because i had a very disappointing evening at your theatre and i would like to explain what the problems were . 
firstly , as i read at the advertisment , the actor would be danny brook and this is one of the reasons why i came to the theatre . but at big suprise i saw that the actor was different and i was very disappointed . 
firstly , i read in the advertisement that the actor would be danny brook , and this is one of the reasons why i went to the theatre . but i had a big surprise when i saw that it was a different actor , and i was very disappointed . 
secondly , on the article the times were 14:30 and 19:30 . i prefered to come at 19:30 because it is better at night and it wouldn't finish late , but the theatre started at 20:15 and we got bored waiting to start . 
secondly , according to the article the times were 14:30 and 19:30 . i preferred to go at 19:30 because it is better at night and it wouldn't finish late , but the show started at 20:15 and we got bored waiting for it to start . 
another reason why i was disappointed was that you said there would be discount available but there wasn't . 
another reason why i was disappointed was that you said there would be a discount available but there wasn't . 
at last i was waiting to visit your theatre restaurant after the show but it was closed because a machine was broken . this was very disappointing . 
finally , i was planning to visit your theatre restaurant after the show but it was closed because a machine was broken . this was very disappointing . 
as you can see there were many problems with the theatre and i would like to ask for some money back as an alternative 
as you can see , there were many problems with the theatre and i would like to ask for some money back as compensation . 
yours faithfully , 
yours faithfully , 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . the next morning at school everybody was looking at me with a strange way . nobody was talking to me except the ten persons who i invited to my party . 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . the next morning at school everybody was looking at me in a strange way . nobody was talking to me except the ten people who i invited to my party . 
at first i didn't know why but after a few seconds i realised that telling pat about my party wasn't a good idea . i was very ungry with her , i didn't know what to do i was afraid that i would have lost all my friends . 
at first i didn't know why but after a few seconds i realised that telling pat about my party wasn't a good idea . i was very angry with her . i didn't know what to do , i was afraid that i had lost all my friends . 
after a few seconds of thoughts i went straigh to pat . " why , why did you do that ? " i said she looked as if she didn't want to talk to me . i ignored her i couldn't do anything now . everybody knew about my party and i had invited only ten persons . i was confused . i wondered why i made the mistake to invite pat . i guess i didn't know that she would have said it . 
after a few seconds of thought i went straight to pat . " why , why did you do that ? " i said . she looked as if she didn't want to talk to me . i ignored her , i couldn't do anything now . everybody knew about my party and i had invited only ten people . i was confused . i wondered why i made the mistake of inviting pat . i guess i didn't know that she would have told people . 
after a big confusion i decided not to make a party for my birthday so i could had all my friends back . and that's what i had exactly done even if i stayed alone at my birthday . it was much more important to me to get all my friends back . 
after much confusion , i decided not to have a party for my birthday so i could have get all my friends back . and that's what i exactly exactly what i did even though i was alone on my birthday . it was much more important to me to get all my friends back . 
with this story i learnt that there are a few friends who are real friends and who you can trust . 
from this experience i learnt that there are a few friends who are real friends whom you can trust . 
dear madam or sir 
dear sir or madam 
i am writing this letter to complain how terrible the show performed in your theatre was . 
i am writing this letter to complain about how terrible the show performed in your theatre was . 
i was interested in the advertisement about the musical show so i went to the theatre to see it two weeks ago . however , i cannot help saying that it was really nightmare . 
i was interested in the advertisement for the musical show so i went to the theatre to see it two weeks ago . however , i cannot help saying that it was really a nightmare . 
firstly , you advertised that danny brook , who is the my favorite , is a main-actor but there was another actor insted of him . furthermore , his performance was really poor . 
firstly , you advertised that danny brook , who is my favourite , is the lead but there was another actor instead of him . furthermore , his performance was really poor . 
secondly , it started at 20:15 which was 45 minutes later than on time and there was no discount for the ticket , which is different from the advertisement . 
secondly , it started at 20:15 which was 45 minutes later than on time and there was no discount for the ticket , which is different from the advertisement . 
thirdly , the only one restaurant in your theatre was closed because of renovating it . 
thirdly , the only restaurant in your theatre was closed because of renovations . 
as a result , i had a totally disappointing evening during my holiday . so , i hope that you should have my money back . i will looking forward to your reply . 
as a result , i had a totally disappointing evening during my holiday . so , i hope that i will have my money back . i will look forward to your reply . 
yours faithfully , 
yours faithfully , 
tyung , suriphat
tyung , suriphat
it is certainly true that the modern technology has been changing our life a lot in these days . but how it affect to my daily life ? i get up in the morning with the soft sound of radio program not the sound of alarm clock and eat my breakfast watching tv news . in the bus or even in the tube , i can talk with a friend with a mobile phone when i feel boaring . sometimes i even do some games with it . in accordance with study or work , i use a internet , which is the easist way to get informations all around the world . furthermore , i can write a letter to my friend who is abroad in such a short time . without it , it would take more than one week . after comming home , i can make myself relaxed with the smooth sound of classical music from the hi-fi . in conclusion , modern technology affects a lot to my daily life as well as the whole society . and in my opinion the amount of it's affection to the human life would be more than this in the future . 
it is certainly true that modern technology has been changing our life a lot these days . but how does it affect my daily life ? i get up in the morning with the soft sound of a radio programme , not the sound of an alarm clock and eat my breakfast watching tv news . on the bus or even on the tube , i can talk with a friend via a mobile phone when i feel boring bored . sometimes i even play some games on it . in accordance with study or work , i use the internet , which is the easiest way to get information from all around the world . furthermore , i can write a letter to my friend who is abroad in such a short time . without it , it would take more than one week . after comming home , i can make myself relaxed with the smooth sound of classical music from the hi-fi . in conclusion , modern technology affects a lot my daily life my daily life a lot as well as the whole society . and in my opinion the extent of its affect on human life will be more than this in the future . 
dear manager , 
dear manager , 
during my stay in london , i visited all the most famous place and i enjoyed a lot during this days . 
during my stay in london , i visited all the most famous places and i enjoyed myself a lot during these days . 
i love london's musical shows and i read the advertisement for the show called " over the rainbow " . 
i love london's musicals and i read the advertisement for the show called " over the rainbow " . 
i've gone to many musical shows where the main actor was danny brook and i can say that he is really good . 
i've gone to many musicals where the main actor was danny brook and i can say that he is really good . 
it was my last night in london and i decided to go to this musical show . when i asked for the price i was surprised becaused the seller told there wasn't any discount available . i showed the advertisement to him and he said it was wrong and i paid the normal price . 
it was my last night in london and i decided to go to this show . when i asked for the price i was surprised because the assistant told me there wasn't any discount available . i showed the advertisement to him and he said it was wrong and i paid the normal price . 
i bought the ticket for the second session and i went to the theatre at seven o'clock . i had been waiting half an hour outside the theatre and finally it started at a quarter past eight . 
i bought the ticket for the second performance and i went to the theatre at seven o'clock . i had been waiting half an hour outside the theatre when finally it started at a quarter past eight . 
i was angry about all of this problems but i was disappointed when i realised the advertisement was wrong with the actor's name . 
i was angry about all of these problems but i was disappointed when i realised the advertisement was wrong about the actor's name . 
when the musical show finished i went to the theatre's restaurant and it was closed because it was too late , so i couldn't have dinner there , as it was announced . 
when the show finished i went to the theatre's restaurant and it was closed because it was too late , so i couldn't have dinner there , as was promised in the advertisement . 
i wasn't a good evening and i would like to have my money back . 
it wasn't a good evening and i would like to have my money back . 
waiting for your answer . 
waiting for your answer . 
modern technology has changed my daily life and i'll try to explain it . 
modern technology has changed my daily life and i'll try to explain how . 
we have been using personal computers for nine years and it's one of the most important changes . 
we have been using personal computers for nine years and it's one of the most important changes . 
last year i spent ten hours looking for information for my homework . the subject was " what's happening in irak ? " i started my research in the town's library and all the information i collected was from a local newspaper . after two hours i thought that all of this information was writted from a foreign point of view and it wasn't the native opinion . 
last year i spent ten hours looking for information for my homework . the subject was " what's happening in irak ? " i started my research in the town's library and all the information i collected was from a local newspaper . after two hours i thought that all of this information was written from a foreign point of view and it wasn't the native opinion . 
i used my computer for collecting reports from internet and i can promise i found so much information that i couldn't analize it in two weeks . 
i used my computer to collect reports from the internet and i can promise i found so much information that i couldn't analyse it in two weeks . 
internet has changed our daily life: you can find whatever you want . do you want to have a different lunch ? do you want to organize a different holiday in a strange place ? you can find there all you need and more ! 
the internet has changed our daily life: you can find whatever you want . do you want to have a different lunch ? do you want to organize a different holiday to a strange place ? you can find all you need there and more ! 
i can't imagine my parents playing in the street without watching the tv . i couldn't life without modern music . i'm not interested in films without special effects . . 
i can't imagine my parents playing in the street , without watching the tv . i couldn't live without modern music . i'm not interested in films without special effects . . 
and what about mobile telephones ? changes won't stop it's caming the wap technology ( you'll buy a cake in a corner's machine without any coin , only one call ) , digital tv , virtual reality and more . . . 
and what about mobile telephones ? changes won't stop coming : the wap technology ( you'll buy a cake from a vending machine without any coins , only one call ) , digital tv , virtual reality and more . . . 
dear sir , 
dear sir , 
i am writing to complain about the musical show " over the rainbow " i went to see at your theatre in london two weeks ago . 
i am writing to complain about the musical show " over the rainbow " i went to see at your theatre in london two weeks ago . 
according to your advertisement , danny brook was involved in the show , but to my disappointment there was a different actor . to make things worse , the show started at 20 . 15 instead of 19 . 30 . besides , there was a problem with tickets . according to the advertisement , discounts were available , but in reality it wasn't so ! on top of everything , when i decided to visit your theatre restaurant after the show , it turned out to be closed . when i insisted on the explanation of this fact , i was told that the chief cook was on holiday ! 
according to your advertisement , danny brook was involved in the show , but to my disappointment there was a different actor . to make things worse , the show started at 20 . 15 instead of 19 . 30 . also , there was a problem with tickets . according to the advertisement , discounts were available , but in reality that wasn't so ! on top of everything , when i decided to visit your theatre restaurant after the show , it turned out to be closed . when i insisted on an explanation , i was told that the chief cook was on holiday ! 
the perfect evening out you promised to provide turned to be really boring and disappointing . in connection with this i think you should give me some money back . i hope you will note this and i look forward to hearing from you . 
the perfect evening out you promised to provide turned out to be really boring and disappointing . consequently i think you should give me some money back . i hope you will make note of this and i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours faithfully , 
yours faithfully , 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . pat was my classmate and i should add , that he was one of my best friends . i loved and respected him very much , but there was an unpleasant thing about him - he talked too much . 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . pat was my classmate and i should add that he was one of my best friends . i loved and respected him very much , but there was an unpleasant thing about him - he talked too much . 
my sister's birthday was coming . her friends and i decided to present her with the thing she had been dreaming of for a long time - a puppy . we knew it would be a great present and she would be extremely happy . but the most important thing was that it would be really surprising to her , because she could hardly ever think of such a present . 
my sister's birthday was coming . her friends and i decided to present her with the thing she had been dreaming of for a long time - a puppy . we knew it would be a great present and she would be extremely happy . but the most important thing was that it would be really surprising for her , because she could hardly expect such a present . 
we bought a beautiful puppy and were waiting for the holiday probably even more impatiently , than susie . but unfortunately pat didn't manage to keep our secret . he told her about the present as soon as he saw her . i'm sure he did it not because he wanted to spoil everything , but because he was so happy and excited , that he couldn't act in a different way . susie liked the puppy very much , her eyes were shining , but friends were a little bit sad and disappointed , because they were expecting a completely different ending . 
we bought a beautiful puppy and were waiting for the party probably even more impatiently than susie . but unfortunately pat didn't manage to keep our secret . he told her about the present as soon as he saw her . i'm sure he did it not because he wanted to spoil everything , but because he was so happy and excited that he couldn't act in a different way . susie liked the puppy very much , her eyes were shining , but her friends were a little bit sad and disappointed , because they were expecting a completely different ending . 
dear sir or madam , 
dear sir or madam , 
i am writing to complain about the musical show " over the rainbow " which i saw in your theatre the 5th of june . i have been very disappointed by the quality of the show and the lies in your advertisement . 
i am writing to complain about the musical show " over the rainbow " , which i saw in your theatre on the 5th of june . i have been very disappointed by the quality of the show and the lies in your advertisement . 
firstly , i was looking forward to seeing danny brook , as written in the advertisement , but his part was played by another actor , without information or excuse from the direction . secondly , i coudn't get a discount with my student card and the show started 45 minutes later . in addition , the theatre restaurant , where we had planned to eat , was closed because the cook was ill . 
firstly , i was looking forward to seeing danny brook , as written in the advertisement , but his part was played by another actor , without any information or explanation being given by the management . secondly , i couldn't get a discount with my student card and the show started 45 minutes late . in addition , the theatre restaurant , where we had planned to eat , was closed because the cook was ill . 
i am therefore asking for a complete refund of my ticket and i hope you will improve the quality of your services in the future . 
i am therefore asking for a complete refund of my ticket and i hope you will improve the quality of your services in the future . 
yours faithfully
yours faithfully
h . coulez
h . coulez
unfortunatly , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . the poor boy was only 5 year old and at this age , it's very difficult to keep your mouth shut knowing an important secret . so when he heard at random that my parents were planning to offer me a trip to san fansisco as present for my birthday , my little brother ran in my bedroom wherever i was studying and whispered in my ear the wonderful news . i knew they wanted to send me to america because they didn't want me to spend the summer with my boyfriend fred , whom they didn't appreciate . but fred booked a place on a plane to san fransisco and that's why , even if i didn't look delighted when my mum gave me my ticket for america , i had been looking forward to going with fred for already one month . 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . the poor boy was only 5 years old and at this age it's very difficult to keep your mouth shut knowing an important secret . so when he heard by chance that my parents were planning to give me a trip to san fansisco as a present for my birthday , my little brother ran into my bedroom where i was studying and whispered the wonderful news in my ear . i knew they wanted to send me to america because they didn't want me to spend the summer with my boyfriend fred , whom they didn't appreciate . but fred booked a seat on a plane to san fransisco and that's why , even if i didn't look delighted when my mum gave me my ticket for america , i had been looking forward to going with fred for one month already . 
dear sir/madam
dear sir/madam
i am writing to express how i was dissatisfied with over the rainbow which was presented by the circle theatre . 
i am writing to express how dissatisfied i was with over the rainbow , which was put on by the circle theatre . 
first of all , the reason why i bought the ticket was danny brook , who is my favorite star , and was going to play for the show . however , there was a different actor instead of him , and this was most my disappointment . 
first of all , the reason why i bought the ticket was danny brook , who is my favourite star , and was going to appear in the show . however , there was a different actor instead of him , and this was most my disappointment . 
moreover , as your advertisement , we would get discount price for the ticket , but it was not available . 
moreover , as your advertisement , we would get a discount price for the ticket , but it was not available . 
although the show was supposed to start at 19=30 , it started at 20=15 , so i had to wait for an hour . 
although the show was supposed to start at 19 . 30 , it started at 20 . 15 , so i had to wait for an hour . 
to make matters worse , because of the late starting , the theatre restaurant had already closed after the show finished . 
to make matters worse , because of the late start , the theatre restaurant had already closed when the show finished . 
i wonder if you could give me a refund for that , because the show was extremely different which i was expected . 
i wonder if you could give me a refund , because the show was very different from what i expected . 
i hope you would take immediate action for that . i look forward to hearing from you in the future . 
i hope you will take immediate action on this . i look forward to hearing from you in the future . 
yours faithfuly 
yours faithfully 
our daily life with modern technology
our daily life with modern technology
science and technology are necessary for our life . i could say that we can not servive without them . 
science and technology are necessary for our life . i could say that we cannot survive without them . 
nowadays , especially computer technology is improving , therefore , we can get any kinds of information as much as we require . it is getting more convinient and useful than our past life . further more , it is possible to cure many patients who have serious desease more effectively , if we use modern technology for medical science . 
nowadays , technology , especially computer technology , is improving , therefore , we can get all kinds of information as much as we require . it is getting more convenient and useful than our past life . furthermore , it is possible to treat many patients who have serious disease diseases more effectively , if we use modern technology in medical science . 
however , if we rely on modern technology too much , it is difficult to be independent , otherwise we will tend to not consider or solve a problem by ourselves . 
however , if we rely on modern technology too much , it is difficult to be independent , because we will tend not to consider or solve a problem by ourselves . 
from my point of view , it is great that science and technology improve for our life . because of convinience , we can spend time more effectively , but we should not be rely on these too much . 
in my opinion , it is great that science and technology improve our life . because of convenience , we can use our time more effectively , but we should not rely on these things too much . 
dear sir
dear sir
last week i attempted the musical " over the rainbow " , and i am writting in order to complaint about things that really disappointed me . 
last week i attended the musical " over the rainbow " , and i am writing in order to complain about things that really disappointed me . 
first of all , i want to say that in the play appeared a different actor despite that in the advertisement appeared the name of danny brook , that actor was very bad . 
first of all , i want to say that in the play there appeared a different actor to the one advertised , despite the fact that in the advertisement appeared the name danny brook the name danny brook appeared in the advertisement ; that actor was very bad . 
another thing i want to add is that the musical started 45 minutes late , it was planned to start at 19 . 30 and it really did it at 20:15 . during this time we had to keep seating in the theatre and it was boring and tiring . 
another thing i want to add is that the musical started 45 minutes late . it was meant to start at 19 . 30 and it really started at 20:15 . during this time we had to keep seated in the theatre and it was boring and tiring . 
thirdly , when i bought the tickets , i asked for discounts and nobody know anything about them , so it is false there are discounts available . 
thirdly , when i bought the tickets , i asked for discounts and nobody knew anything about them , so it is false to say there are discounts available . 
however , we enjoyed the musical , but while going out to have dinner , we saw the restaurant closed and we had to take the car and come back home very hungry . 
however , we enjoyed the musical , but while going to have dinner , we saw the restaurant was closed and we had to get the car and come back home very hungry . 
it was a very disappointing evening and i hope you will give us some money back . 
it was a very disappointing evening and i hope you will give us some money back . 
i am waiting for your answer . 
i am waiting for your answer . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
hello . i'm robert and i'm writting for the article about clothes in the future . in my oppinion , in a hundred of years , we'll wear the same kind of clothes that we wear nowadays . what will change in clothes , will be the comfortability of them and the way they protect us and our body from temperature and physical agressions . i think they will cold us in the summer and makes us hot in the winter . clothes will be more personalized and they'll make us feel better and more free . wearing them we'll be able to dive underwater with a high pressure , and we'll have freedom of movement . technology will take part in clothes development , scientists will search the way to reduce the weight of clothes and they will become very light and comfortable , so i want to be in the future to enjoy the clothes . i wish i win the trip ! 
hello . i'm robert and i'm writing an article about clothes in the future . in my opinion , in a hundred years we'll wear the same kind of clothes that we wear nowadays . what will change with clothes will be the comfort of them how comfortable they are and the way they protect us and our bodies from temperature and physical aggressions attacks . i think they will cool us in the summer and make us warmer in the winter . clothes will be more personalized and they'll make us feel better and more free . wearing them we'll be able to dive underwater at high pressure , and we'll have freedom of movement . technology will play a part in clothes' development , scientists will find a way to reduce the weight of clothes and they will become very light and comfortable , so i want to be in the future to enjoy the clothes . i hope i win the trip ! 
sir/madam , 
sir/madam , 
i am writting this letter to inform you i had a very disappointing evening during your musical show " over the rainbow " at the circle theatre where you are the director . 
i am writing this letter to inform you i had a very disappointing evening at your musical show " over the rainbow " at the circle theatre where you are the director . 
first of all , the actor was expected to be danny brook . he is my favourite actor and the most important reason i went to your theatre . but finally , without telling us anything , there was a different actor . this was very disappointing . 
first of all , the actor was supposed to be danny brook . he is my favourite actor and the most important reason i went to your theatre . but at the last minute , without telling us anything , there was a different actor . this was very disappointing . 
secondly , your famous restaurant was closed . that was very displeasured because i had planned a romantic dinner with my wife . if you had told me your restaurant was going to be closed , i would have made a reservation anywhere else , but you didn't . 
secondly , your famous restaurant was closed . that was very unpleasant because i had planned a romantic dinner with my wife . if you had told me your restaurant was going to be closed , i would have made a reservation somewhere else , but you didn't . 
and finally the play started with a delay of forty-five minutes and there were not discounts available . both things do not agree with what i read on your advertising sign . 
and finally the play started with a delay of forty-five minutes and there were no discounts available . neither thing agrees with what i read in your advertisement . 
due to all of these reasons , i hope you could give my money back . 
for all of these reasons , i hope you can give me my money back . 
yours sincerely , 
yours sincerely , 
manuel almodar
manuel almodar
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . but i didn't know that when i told her i was thinking in going away from home . 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . but i didn't know that when i told her i was thinking of leaving home . 
this was a very difficult decission but i had to take it because of my personal situation , all the time shouting and fighting will all my family . 
this was a very difficult decision but i had to take it because of my personal situation , all the time shouting and fighting with all my family . 
therefore my girlfriend lived alone so i could have stayed with her or just have gone on travelling around the world . i was thinking a lot about this problem and how to solve it so i needed someone to talk to and pat had always been my best friend . 
as my girlfriend lived alone i could have stayed with her or just have gone on travelling around the world . i was thinking a lot about this problem and how to solve it so i needed someone to talk to and pat had always been my best friend . 
but it was a big mistake because she told it to her mother and i don't know how but now my mother know it , and she is very worried about me and my future . and my father thinks a year travelling and living by myself will be very good for me . 
but it was a big mistake because she told her mother about it and i don't know how but now my mother knows about it , and she is very worried about me and my future . and my father thinks a year travelling and living by myself will be very good for me . 
finally , my parents are all the time argueing about differents solutions to my problem , and this all thanks to pat . 
finally , my parents are all the time arguing arguing all the time about different solutions to my problem , and this all thanks to pat . 
dear mr brown , 
dear mr brown , 
i'm writing this letter to you to make a complain about the " over the rainbow " musical show which i saw yesterday . i have to say that i'm very disappointed with what i saw because by seing your advertisment i expected more that show was entirely different to what it says on the advertisment . 
i'm writing this letter to you to make a complaint about the " over the rainbow " musical show musical show " over the rainbow " which i saw yesterday . i have to say that i'm very disappointed with what i saw because after seeing your advertisement i expected more . the show was entirely different to what it says in the advertisement . 
i arrived at the theatre at 19:30 , found my seat and waited for forty-five minutes , with two hundred other people for the show to start . 
i arrived at the theatre at 19:30 , found my seat and waited for forty-five minutes , with two hundred other people , for the show to start . 
when it finally started i noticed that the famous actor danny brook was replaced by someone who was not as good as him . danny brook was the reason that most people came to see the show . after some time a few of them started to leave the theatre . i was a little more portient so i stayed to watch the hole show , which by the way was the worst i had ever seen . i don't know why i payed 20 with no discounts as the advertisements said it woul have . then i thougt that i should go to the theatre restaurant to have a drink or eat something so that i couldn't say that i wasted my time by coming here . i became furious when i saw that it was closed because there weren't any employees to work . 
when it finally started i noticed that the famous actor danny brook had been replaced by someone who was not as good as him . danny brook was the reason that most people came to see the show . after some time , a few of them started to leave the theatre . i was a little more patient so i stayed to watch the whole show , which by the way was the worst i have ever seen . i don't know why i paid 20 with no discount , which the advertisements said i would have . then i thought that i should go to the theatre restaurant to have a drink or eat something so that i couldn't say that i had wasted my time by coming here . i became furious when i saw that it was closed because there weren't any employees to do the work . 
so , i went home as fast as i could to write you this letter . i don't care what you will do about the theatre but i want my money back because this wasn't the perfect evening out you promised it would be . 
so , i went home as fast as i could to write you this letter . i don't care what you do about the theatre but i want my money back because this wasn't the perfect evening out you promised it would be . 
the last forty years , technology has been growing very fast . first it was used only by the military or by scientists but the last twenty years modern technology is found in any house , rich or poor and it helps people do hard work . 
for the last forty years , technology has been growing very fast . first it was used only by the military or by scientists but for the last twenty years modern technology has been found in any house , rich or poor , and it helps people do hard work . 
most houses have many electric devices like microwave machine , an oven a mixer , a dish washer and many other things which can do a job by the press of a button . 
most houses have many electric devices like a microwave , an oven , a mixer , a dishwasher and many other things which can do a job at the press of a button . 
the last ten year computers had entered almost every house , especially in rich countrys . competers entirely changed people lives . children can play games on it or watch a film . there are millions of things you can do with a computer . you can listen to music and generally use it for fun but the primary reason that computer were invented was for communication . there are hundrets of prograns which help you communicate with your cousin in australia or with a complete stranger which you wanna meet . millions of people use computers for this reason . 
in the last ten years computers have entered almost every house , especially in rich countries . computers have entirely changed people's lives . children can play games on them or watch a film . there are millions of things you can do with a computer . you can listen to music and generally use it for fun but the primary reason that computers were invented was for communication . there are hundreds of programs which help you communicate with your cousin in australia or with a complete stranger who you want to meet . millions of people use computers for this reason . 
the general conclusion about computers is that they help people to have easier lives by doing hard work and helping them . they are important to people who like to have fun with games and they are , maybe the best way to communicate with someone you know or a person you want to meet 
the general conclusion about computers is that they help people to have easier lives by doing hard work and helping them . they are important to people who like to have fun with games and they are maybe the best way to communicate with someone you know or a person you want to meet . 
dear sir , 
dear sir , 
i am writing with reference to an arrangement i made for your theatre show last week . 
i am writing with reference to a visit i made to your theatre last week . 
i have to admit that it was not as i expected; first of all , the main reason i went to see " over the rainbow " was its actor , danny brook . it was very disappointing when i realised he wasn't in the scene . beside this , i had to wait three quarters of hour before the show started . during this time , i decided to have a drink in the restaurant but , as well as being closed , there was no nobody from the staff that could help me . i couldn't believe it ! i would never have imagined this could happen in such a well-known theatre . furthermore , you talk about discounts in your leaflets and they were no available , so , it was an expensive evening ! 
i have to admit that it was not as i expected; first of all , the main reason i went to see " over the rainbow " was its actor , danny brook . it was very disappointing when i realised he wasn't on the stage . besides this , i had to wait three quarters of an hour before the show started . during this time , i decided to have a drink in the restaurant but , as well as being closed , there was no nobody from the staff that could help me . i couldn't believe it ! i would never have imagined this could happen in such a well-known theatre . furthermore , you talk about discounts in your leaflets and there were none available , so , it was an expensive evening ! 
i know you will understand my frustration and that's why i would like a total refund of my money or at least another ticket that goes with my wishes . 
i know you will understand my frustration and that's why i would like a total refund of my money or at least another ticket that goes with my wishes . 
i look forward to hearing from you soon . 
i look forward to hearing from you soon . 
yours faithfully , 
yours faithfully , 
pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . however , she was a close friend and i couldn't accuse her of nothing else . 
pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . however , she was a close friend and i couldn't accuse her of anything else . 
i won't never forget the day the doctor told me and my mum the thruth of my strange disease . he just said there weren't resources to face it at that moment but . . . i bursted into teas as well as my mother . it seemed the end of something lovely step by step . i got conscious of my problem and despite being a personal matter i decided to tell it to pat . i still remember her words: " don't worry about anything . my lips are sealed " . 
i won't ever forget the day the doctor told me and my mum the truth about my strange disease . he just said there weren't resources to cure it at that moment but . . . i burst into tears as did my mother . it seemed the end of something lovely , step by step . i became conscious of my problem and despite being a personal matter i decided to tell pat about it . i still remember her words: " don't worry about anything . my lips are sealed " . 
i do really trusted her when three days after i went to school and i could appreciate i was catching the eyes of everybody . i couldn't stand being watched and my furious led me straight to pat . she tried to apologise but it wasn't enough for me . my best friend had let me down . 
i really did trust her when three days after i went to school and i could see i was drawing the attention of everybody . i couldn't stand being watched and my fury led me straight to pat . she tried to apologise but it wasn't enough for me . my best friend had let me down . 
from that moment , i denied being with anyone until i met cold , a sensitive dog , the one who would keep my secrets forever and would be near me until the end . sure ! 
from that moment , i refused to be with anyone until i met cold , a sensitive dog , the one who would keep my secrets for ever and would be near me until the end . sure ! 
dear manager , 
dear manager , 
i am writing to complain about the musical show which was held last week . i feel disappointed because it was different to the advertisement . 
i am writing to complain about the musical show which was held last week . i feel disappointed because it was different to what was promised in the advertisement . 
first of all , the performers should be danny brook and tina truelove . however , there were two unknown actors in the show . i feel most disappointed about this . the show was started at 20 . 15 but actually it should started at 19 . 30 . moreover , i bought a 20 ticket without any discount even the advertisement mentioned discount is available . and after the show , we went to visit the theatre restaurant . unfortunately , it was closed because at that day was their day-off . but i am wondering why it said we could visit the restaurant if you know it would be closed . 
first of all , the performers should have been danny brook and tina truelove . however , there were two unknown actors in the show . i feel most disappointed about this . the show started at 20 . 15 but actually it should have started at 19 . 30 . moreover , i bought a 20 ticket without any discount and the advertisement mentioned that a discount was available . and after the show , we went to visit the theatre restaurant . unfortunately , it was closed because that day was their day-off . but i am wondering why it said we could visit the restaurant if you knew it would be closed . 
i am afraid it was not a best musical show because all the things above was not an accurate as what we had been told . 
i am afraid it was not the best musical show because all the things above was not an accurate as what we had been told . 
on the whole , i feel disappointed about the event and i would have my money back . i look forward to hearing your reply . thank you . 
on the whole , i feel disappointed about the event and i would like to have my money back . i look forward to hearing your reply . thank you . 
your faithfully , 
yours faithfully , 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . i say this because of the experience i've had from her . 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . i say this because of the experience i've had with her . 
actually , we were quite good friends before the event happened . pat has been studying in the same class with me since this year . she is sitting next to me , we started to chat more and more , then we became good friends . one day , we were sitting in the dinning-hall like usually . suddenly my heart was thumbing so quickly because i saw him ? - a boy who is a new student . i know this is one right love , i'm absolutely besorrted of him . then i told this to pat and told her to keep it secret: i didn't want people gossip behind me then everyone would know i fancy him . but the thing which i've never expected is pat betrayed me . she told everyone that i fancy him and everybody always make joke on it , that makes me feel so embarrised : i was very angry at that time ! 
actually , we were quite good friends before this event happened . pat has been studying in the same class with me this year . she sat next to me . we started to chat more and more . then we became good friends . one day , we were sitting in the dinning-hall as usual . suddenly my heart was thumping so quickly because i saw him - a boy who was a new student . i know this is one right love . i'm absolutely besotted with him . then i told this to pat and told her to keep it secret: i didn't want people gossiping about me then everyone would know i fancied him . but the thing which i'd never expected happened , which is that pat betrayed me . she told everyone that i fancy him and everybody always makes a joke of it . that makes me feel so embarrassed : i was very angry at that time ! 
now , i don't talk to her anymore because i can't stand a person who i trusted betrayed me . i hope she would know that was her fault and don't do it anymore . 
now , i don't talk to her anymore because i can't stand a person who i trusted betraying me . i hope she knows that it was her fault and won't do it again . 
dear sir or madam , 
dear sir or madam , 
i am writing to complain about the musical show " over the rainbow " which i saw in your theatre yesterday . 
i am writing to complain about the musical show " over the rainbow " which i saw in your theatre yesterday . 
i had really expected the show because it was the first time i had seen it in london and i was attracted by your advertisement which looked very exciting . however , i found it very disappointing . 
i had really looked forward to the show because it was the first time i had seen it in london and i was attracted by your advertisement which looked very exciting . however , i found it very disappointing . 
firstly , the show started at 20:15 not at 19 . 30 so i had to wait for 45 minutes on the seat so it made me upset . secondly , i was very disappointed as soon as the actors showed up on stage because they were not actors who you advertised . thirdly , you state that there are discounts available but i could not get any reductions at all . 
firstly , the show started at 20:15 not at 19 . 30 so i had to wait for 45 minutes in my seat , so it made me upset . secondly , i was very disappointed as soon as the actors showed up on stage because they were not the actors who you advertised . thirdly , you state that there are discounts available but i could not get any reductions at all . 
finally , to make matters worse , your restaurant had already closed after finishing the show so i could not eat anything . you mentioned that " your perfect evening out ! " in your advert . but it was not absolutely true ! 
finally , to make matters worse , your restaurant had already closed after finishing the show so i could not eat anything . you mentioned " your perfect evening out ! " in your advert . but it was absolutely not true ! 
so i must insist that i want to have a full refund . i look forward to receiving your cheque as soon as possible . 
so i must insist that i want to have a full refund . i look forward to receiving your cheque as soon as possible . 
yours faithfully , 
yours faithfully , 
for many years scientific and technological break throughs have changed our lives . i think that the more technological developments we have the more comfortable lives we enjoy . amaisingly , we can find that computer users are getting more and more . so the life is much faster and more convenient than before . 
for many years scientific and technological breakthroughs have changed our lives . i think that the more technological developments we have , the more comfortable lives we enjoy . amazingly , we can find that there are more and more computer users . so life is much faster and more convenient than before . 
my daily life has also changed a lot through the use of computer or mordern technology . 
my daily life has also changed a lot through the use of computers or modern technology . 
first of all , using computer is the most important for me because i can store my personal records such as diary or expenses and i send e-mail to my friends who live abroad . i used to write letters but it takes time to arrive there or sometimes disappear so e-mail is brilliant for my life . in addition to this , doing internet is quite useful and helpful to have information from all over the world . before i go on holiday i use internet to book or get details from travel agency , which means i could save my time and physical energy . in conclusion , in my opinion , there are many advantages in my daily life at present and i would recommend people learn computers and would like to say " enjoy your lives " . 
first of all , using a computer is the most important thing for me because i can store my personal records such as diary or expenses and i send e-mail to my friends who live abroad . i used to write letters but it takes time to arrive there or sometimes disappears , so e-mail is brilliant for my life . in addition to this , the internet is quite useful and helpful to have information from all over the world . before i go on holiday i use the internet to book or get details from the travel agency , which means i could save my time and physical energy . in conclusion , in my opinion , there are many advantages in my daily life at present and i would recommend people learn computers and would like to say " enjoy your lives " . 
dear sir/madam
dear sir/madam
my name is alida fanetti , and i'm writing you about the musical show which i saw during my stay in london recently . 
my name is alida fanetti , and i'm writing to you about the musical show which i saw during my stay in london recently . 
one evening , while i was walking around the city i saw a very interesting advertisement , which was about a musical show . 
one evening , while i was walking around the city , i saw a very interesting advertisement , which was about a musical show . 
i'm a fun of danny brook so when i read in the advertisement his name i immediately decided to go to the show . the tickets were a little expensive but i was with other ten people , so when we read " discounts available " we expected that the theatre had organised a special discount for group of numerous people . 
i'm a fan of danny brook so when i read his name in the advertisement i immediately decided to go to the show . the tickets were a little expensive but i was with another ten people , so when we read " discounts available " we expected that the theatre had organised a special discount for groups of people . 
it wasn't true; there weren't any discounts . the show started at 20 . 15 and not at 19 . 30 so we waiting for long time . before the show started , a man said that there wasn't danny brook because he was ill . it was a disaster . 
it wasn't true; there weren't any discounts . the show started at 20 . 15 and not at 19 . 30 so we were waiting for a long time . before the show started , a man said that danny brook wasn't there because he was ill . it was a disaster . 
after the show , which wasn't as good as we expected , we decided to go to the theatre restaurant . it was closed because people in the kitchen weren't ready with the food . it wasn't a " perfect evening out " like you said in the advertisement , so my friends and i , would be gratefull if you will give us some money back , if it is possible . 
after the show , which wasn't as good as we expected , we decided to go to the theatre restaurant . it was closed because people in the kitchen weren't ready with the food . it wasn't a " perfect evening out " like you said in the advertisement , so my friends and i would be grateful if you would give us some money back , if that is possible . 
i hope to receive an answer . 
i hope to receive an answer . 
your faightfully 
your faithfully 
" the old man and the sea " by ernest hemingway
" the old man and the sea " by ernest hemingway
dear sandro , 
dear sandro , 
i'm alida , how are you ? 
it's alida , how are you ? 
i'm writing you because i have an important thing to tell you . 
i'm writing to you because i have an important thing to tell you . 
i read in the newspaper that in the next days some book of short stories are going to be read on the radio . a few days ago you told me that you have to read " the old man and the sea " by hemingway for school; well , on friday is going to be read , on the frequency 96 . 7 , this book . 
i read in the newspaper that in the next few days some books of short stories are going to be read on the radio . a few days ago you told me that you have to read " the old man and the sea " by hemingway for school; well , on friday it is going to be read , on frequency 96 . 7 , . 
i suggest you to listen to it because it's a very interesting book and you can relax while someone else is reading for you . 
i suggest you listen to it because it's a very interesting book and you can relax while someone else is reading to you . 
i think it's a very good thing that people read books on the radio because it's a possibility for " busy people " to know important and beautiful short stories and books . 
i think it's a very good thing that people read books on the radio because it's an opportunity for " busy people " to hear important and beautiful short stories and books . 
well , i think you will be happy if i tell you something about this book . i read it two months ago and i liked it very much . it's a sad story but it makes you know a tipe of life that you can't imagine that really exists . the old man is a sad person but he loves his live and lives on the beach because he can't stay without see the sea for a day . 
well , i think you will be happy if i tell you something about this book . i read it two months ago and i liked it very much . it's a sad story but it lets you know about a type of life that you can't imagine really exists . the old man is a sad person but he loves his life and lives on the beach because he can't go without seeing the sea for a day . 
i think you will enjoy it . 
i think you will enjoy it . 
now i have to stop writing but i'll write you more letters . 
now i have to stop writing but i'll write you more letters . 
i hope you will listen to this book on the radio . 
i hope you will listen to this book on the radio . 
write me back soon and tell me about your impression ( i mean if you enjoyed the story or not ! ) 
write back to me soon and tell me about your impression of the story ( i mean if you enjoyed the story or not ! ) 
love
love
p . s . remember 96 . 7 on friday at 15 . 30 p . m . 
p . s . remember 96 . 7 on friday at 15 . 30 p . m . 
dear sir or madam , 
dear sir or madam , 
i am writing to complain about the musical show called " over the rainbow " that was advertised in this week's newspaper . 
i am writing to complain about the musical show called " over the rainbow " that was advertised in this week's newspaper . 
according to the advertisement , danny brook would be starring but it was a different actor . it was really disappointing ! furthermore , the show started at the wrong time . it was said that it would start at 19 . 30 but it was not . it started fourty five minutes later . 
according to the advertisement , danny brook would be starring in the show but it was a different actor . it was really disappointing ! furthermore , the show started at the wrong time . it was said that it would start at 19 . 30 but it did not . it started forty five forty-five minutes later . 
and if this were not enough , i had no discount in the ticket as was written . beside this , we where invited to visit the theatre restaurant after the show , but it was closed because it was being redecorated . so why you make this invitation ? 
and if this were not enough , i got no discount on the ticket such as was advertised . besides this , we were invited to visit the theatre restaurant after the show , but it was closed because it was being redecorated . so why did you make this invitation ? 
on top of everything , i am on holidays and you can imagine how disappointed i am . it was not a perfect evening out . i suppose that you are understanding my situation , because you did not say the truth . i believe that you will be direct to blame and give me my money back . 
on top of everything , i am on holiday and you can imagine how disappointed i am . it was not a perfect evening out . i suppose that you understand my situation , because you did not tell the truth . i believe that you are directly to blame so give me my money back . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours faithfully
yours faithfully
caesara rodrigos los arnos
caesara rodrigos los arnos
nowadays the modern technology is increasing and it was really affecting our daily life . sometimes there advantages but there some disadvantages too . 
nowadays modern technology is advancing and it is really affecting our daily life . sometimes there are advantages but there are some disadvantages too . 
firstly , one advantage of it is that you can do things faster . beside this you can talk with a person in the other side of the world by a computer . it is interesting ! furthermore it helps in house works , at school and you can travel to places very quickly . so the main advantage of the modern technology is that things are becoming easier and easier . 
firstly , one advantage of it is that you can do things faster . beside this you can talk with a person on the other side of the world via a computer . it is interesting ! furthermore it helps with houseworks housework , at school and you can travel to places very quickly . so the main advantage of modern technology is that things are becoming easier and easier . 
on the other hand , there are certain drawbacks . first and foremost is the pollution and big cities are suffering with it . it can cause lots of problems to our health . a further disadvantage is that children are growing up very lazy . they have everything they want very easily and it is not good for their future . 
on the other hand , there are certain drawbacks . first and foremost is the pollution and big cities are suffering with it . it can cause lots of problems for our health . a further disadvantage is that children are growing up very lazy . they get everything they want very easily and it is not good for their future . 
to sum up , there are both positives and negatives aspects of the modern technology , because it can makes our lives easy but at the same time it is causing lots of problems for us . 
to sum up , there are both positive and negative aspects to modern technology , because it can make our lives easy but at the same time it is causing lots of problems for us . 
17th june 2000
17th june 2000
dear sir , 
dear sir , 
having seen with two of my friends your musical show last week-end at the circle theatre which called " over the rainbow " , i am writing to complain about our disappointing evening . 
having seen , with two of my friends , your musical show last weekend at the circle theatre , which is called " over the rainbow " , i am writing to complain about our disappointing evening . 
first of all , in your advertisement you refer to discounts that are available , but when we bought our tickets , one of the employees refused to give us ' tickets student price ' . despite being forced to buy adult tickets , we still were excited and took our seat , and waited for the beginning of the show . usually , the show starts at 19:30 , but this time we had to wait until 20:15 ! in addition to this , it was not the famous actors that you have mentionned in the advertisement , so we were disappointed . 
first of all , in your advertisement you refer to discounts that are available , but , when we bought our tickets , one of the employees refused to give us ' student price tickets ' . despite being forced to buy adult tickets , we were still excited and took our seats , and waited for the beginning of the show . usually , the show starts at 19:30 , but this time we had to wait until 20:15 ! in addition to this , it was not the famous actors that you had mentioned in the advertisement performing , so we were disappointed . 
concerning the restaurant , it was closed due to transformations . in the result , i am sure you will understand our annoyed and frustrated , so it was not a perfect evening out that your advertisement stated was . 
concerning the restaurant , it was closed for renovation . as a result , i am sure you will understand our annoyance and frustration , so it was not the perfect evening out that your advertisement stated it would be . 
finally , i am writing to request a full-refund for my friends and i , because i felt your advertisement was misleading . 
finally , i am writing to request a full refund for my friends and me , because i felt your advertisement was misleading . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours faithfully , 
yours faithfully , 
h . boulard
h . boulard
what do you think about what will clothes be like in the future ? i'm sure that anyone has already thought about it , because fashionable clothes have always been really important for almost all of us . 
what do you think clothes will be like in the future ? i'm sure that someone has already thought about it , because fashionable clothes have always been really important for almost all of us . 
let's have a look at different points . from the past until now , we have wearing several different fashionable clothes , but why ? from my point of view , almost all humans would like to be more and more attractive , so we always think about it . as a result , clothes are the easiest way to be more attractive . in addition to this , anyone will agree with me that clothes are the best invention ever . furthermore , it's one of the best way to make money . 
let's have a look at different points . from the past until now , we have been wearing several different types of fashionable clothing , but why ? from my point of view , almost all humans would like to be more attractive , so we always think about it . as a result , clothes are the easiest way to become more attractive . in addition to this , anyone will agree with me that clothes are the best invention ever . furthermore , it's one of the best ways to make money . 
anyway , don't you think that nowadays , fashionable clothes is quite similar than 20 years ago ? it's evident that whatever we wear look like clothes , and i think we should stop being so stupid . we can't wearing peculiar clothes like in science fiction films . i bet you that in 100 years , humans will wearing exactly the same clothes as today , because we love the actually fashion of clothes which is wonderful . the last survey about fashion shown that people feel really comfortable with those now ! 
anyway , don't you think that , nowadays , fashionable clothes are quite similar to what they were 20 years ago ? it's evident that whatever we wear looks like clothes , and i think we should stop being so stupid . we can't wear peculiar clothes like in science fiction films . i bet you that in 100 years , humans will be wearing exactly the same clothes as today , because we love the actually fashion of clothes , which is wonderful . the last survey about fashion showed that people feel really comfortable with those now ! 
manager of the theatre:
manager of the theatre:
i'm writing to you because i'm very disappointed . i'm not from here ( this city ) , so i wanted to know everything about it: it's culture , history and the famous musicals . everything was perfect and beautiful till yesterday . yesterday i wanted to go to the theatre to see a musical show . i went to the theatre to see at what time was the show , 19 . 30 , it was o . k . so i bought a ticket . in that moment my problems began . i couldn't get any discount; that mean , that the advertisement was wrong , but i bought the ticket anyway . then i had to wait 45 mins , the show started at 20:15 . then danny brook wasn't acting , it was a different actor . in that moment i was realy angry , so to calm down i went to the theatre restaurant , but it was closed , because of its bad cleaning and food . that was too much . " dear " manager i hope you to understand me , so i ask for money back and i hope this wont happen again . by 
i'm writing to you because i'm very disappointed . i'm not from here ( this city ) , so i wanted to know everything about it: its culture , history and the famous musicals . everything was perfect and beautiful till yesterday . yesterday i wanted to go to the theatre to see a musical . i went to the theatre to see what time the show was , 19 . 30 . it . that was ok so i bought a ticket . at that moment my problems began . i couldn't get any discount; that meant that the advertisement was wrong , but i bought the ticket anyway . then i had to wait 45 minutes ; the show started at 20:15 . then danny brook wasn't acting , there was a different actor . at that moment i was really angry , so to calm down i went to the theatre restaurant , but it was closed , because of its bad hygiene and food . that was too much . " dear " manager i hope you understand me , and i ask for money back and i hope this won't happen again . bye 
first of all i think we have grown with the technology . it's difficult for us to realize the changes in our live , but we can think about it . how has it change my daily life ? well , in one word it made my life comfortabler . now i only used to push a button , and things or mashines work on their own . homework is easer to find in the cumputer than in a book sometimes . everything is faster , and sometimes technology go so fast that i'm unable to follow it . modern technology showed us that we could do anything we wanted to , and it make us thing more about my future job . maybe , i won't be able to understand how the things worked and that scare me , i will be useless , because a mashine will do all the work . 
first of all , i think we have grown up with technology . it's difficult for us to recognise the changes in our life lives , but we can think about them . how has it changed my daily life ? well , in one word it made my life more comfortable . now i only need to push a button , and things or machines work on their own . homework is easier to do with the computer than with a book sometimes . everything is faster , and sometimes technology goes so fast that i'm unable to follow it . modern technology showed us that we could do anything we wanted to , and it makes us think more about our future jobs . maybe , i won't be able to understand how the things work and that scares me . i will be useless , because a machine will do all the work . 
dear manager , 
dear manager , 
i am writing to you about the musical show 'over the rainbow' i saw in london last weekend . 
i am writing to you about the musical show 'over the rainbow' i saw in london last weekend . 
to begin with , it was not danny book who acting in the show , as you wrotte . 
to begin with , it was not danny book who acted in the show , as you wrote . 
secondly , the time in your advertisement told that it should start 19:30 , but it did not start before 20 . 15
secondly , the time stated in your advertisement said that it should start at 19:30 , but it did not start before 20 . 15
and then about the tickets , you wrotte that they were discounts available but they were not . 
and then about the tickets , you wrote that there were discounts available but there were not . 
finaly when we had seen the musical , we went to the restaurant and it was closed because they done some dekoreting , and you wrott in your advertisement " visit our theatre restaurant after the show " 
finally when we had seen the musical , we went to the restaurant and it was closed because they were doing some decorating , and you wrote in your advertisement , " visit our theatre restaurant after the show " 
we are very disappointed , it was not a perfect evening out for us , therefore we would have your money back . 
we are very disappointed , it was not a perfect evening out for us , therefore we would like to have our money back . 
i looking forwart to hear from you . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours faithfully , 
yours faithfully , 
helgar svessen , 
helgar svessen , 
clothes in the future
clothes in the future
clothes is very interesting subjekt to study . if you travlling around you can see lot of different still from different culture . 
clothes are a very interesting subject to study . if you travelling travel around you can see a lot of difference still between different cultures . 
at first i think that in the future we are going to wear less clothes because the climet are being warmer and warmer . 
first i think that in the future we are going to wear fewer clothes because the climate is going to get warmer and warmer . 
secondly i think we have more mixing clothes from all over the world , because we are traveling more and more around . and that is nice if you can pick up the best thing from all over the world , but on the other hand it is not so nice if every country wear some type of clothes . 
secondly i think we will be mixing clothes from all over the world , because we are travelling around more and more . and that is nice if you can pick up the best things from all over the world , but on the other hand it is not so nice if every nationality wears the same type of clothes . 
finaly about my oppinion i wish we are going to dress us more as in the past with nature matrial , we most think more about the eviorment and leave closer to the earth . 
finally about my opinion in my opinion i wish we would dress more as we did in the past , using natural material . we must think more about the environment and live closer to nature . 
dear sir , 
dear sir , 
i'm writing in order to make you know how angry i am for having gone to one of your shows . 
i'm writing in order to let you know how angry i am after having gone to one of your shows . 
i went to london for a week's holiday with some friends and every evening we decided something to do in order to enjoy our staying in that beautiful city . 
i went to london for a week's holiday with some friends and every evening we decided to do something in order to enjoy our stay in that beautiful city . 
i wish we had never chosen your show . in fact , only after having going into the theatre , i realized that the advertisement i had read was probably about another show . 
i wish we had never chosen your show . in fact , after only having gone into the theatre , i realized that the advertisement i had read was probably about another show . 
first of all , when i paid my ticket i noticed that nobody could obtain the discount you'd written about . but that would be nothing if i thought to dinner i had to cancelled because your show started at 20 . 15 , although it should have been at 19 . 30 ! 
first of all , when i paid for my ticket i noticed that nobody could obtain the discount you'd written about . but that would be nothing if it weren't for the dinner i had to cancel because your show started at 20 . 15 , although it should have been at 19 . 30 ! 
besides , when we decided to spend the evening in the theatre restaurant , we were informed that it was closed because the chef was ill . 
besides , when we decided to spend the evening in the theatre restaurant , we were informed that it was closed because the chef was ill . 
at that point , even if there had been danny brook as the advertisement announced , it wouldn't have been a less disappointing evening . 
at that point , even if danny brook had been there as the advertisement announced , it couldn't have been a more disappointing evening . 
according to all these things , i ask my money back . 
because of all these things , i am asking for my money back . 
yours faithfully , 
yours faithfully , 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets , but i realized it only when it was too late . 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets , but i realized that only when it was too late . 
what have moved me to this discover were the facts that happened last month . i had just quarreled with jon , who is my fiance . in that period we weren't getting on with . so , when peter , who has been a friend of mine since we were children invited me for a pizza , i accepted without thinking at the consequences . 
what moved me to discover this were the events that happened last month . i had just quarrelled with jon , who is my fiance . at that time we weren't getting on with each other . so , when peter , who has been a friend of mine since we were children , invited me for a pizza , i accepted without thinking of the consequences . 
and there would have been no problems if i hadn't talked to pat about that evening . it was only a dinner with a friend and in fact we'd spent all the time remembering our childhood , but probably pat can have thought that peter and i weren't only friends . so she ran to jon in order to make him know the terrible mistake i had made that evening . he became very angry no matter how hard i tried telling him the truth . 
and there would have been no problems if i hadn't talked to pat about that evening . it was only a dinner with a friend and in fact we'd spent all the time remembering our childhood , but probably pat thought that peter and i weren't only friends . so she ran to jon in order to let him know about the terrible mistake i had made that evening . he became very angry no matter how hard i tried to tell him the truth . 
by the way , i've understood i had better trust in nobody . 
by the way , i understand i had better trust in nobody . 
dear mr
dear mr
i'm writing to complain about what it happened me two days ago , during you musical show " over the rainbow " . a friend of mine went to see it the last may . he told me to go because the actor's performance was good . 
i'm writing to complain about what happened to me two days ago , during your musical show " over the rainbow " . a friend of mine went to see it last may . he told me to go because the actor's performance was good . 
so i decided buying a ticket , but no discounts were available . then with my disappointing i noticed that there was different actor instead of danny brook . nobody informed me about it . 
so i decided to buy a ticket , but no discounts were available . then with disappointment i noticed that there was a different actor instead of danny brook . nobody informed me about that . 
and why did the show start at 20:15 instead of 19:30 ? 
and why did the show start at 20:15 instead of 19:30 ? 
after the show , my friends and me decided to go to your restaurant , but we were amazed to find it close . 
after the show , my friends and i decided to go to your restaurant , but we were amazed to find it closed . 
in conclusion , i ask for my money back because it wasn't a perfect evening like your advice showed . 
in conclusion , i am asking for my money back because it wasn't the perfect evening your advertisement promised . 
i hope that you understand me . 
i hope that you understand me . 
awaiting your reply , 
awaiting your reply , 
your faithfully
yours faithfully
it's true that modern technology has changed our daily life . in the pass , for example , we used to write letters to comunicate , but now we surely send an e-mail , a fax or make a phone . 
it's true that modern technology has changed our daily life . in the past , for example , we used to write letters to communicate , but now we surely send an e-mail , a fax or make a phone call . 
certainly it will be easier and faster than write , but it was nice when you were waiting for a letter . nowadays , you have all things immediatly and soon , but will it be good ? i think no . 
certainly this is easier and faster than writing , but it was nice when you were waiting for a letter . nowadays , you get everything immediately , but will it always be a good thing ? i think not . 
everyone have to use modern technology carefully , because too much technology could be dangerous . it couldn't allow us to think and to do freely . 
everyone has to use modern technology carefully , because too much technology could be dangerous . it could prevent us from thinking and doing acting freely . 
today there are children that don't know nothing about nature and its things . 
today there are children who don't know anything about nature and its things . 
probably , because their parents haven't enough time to go out the city and show them nature . so they prefer leave their sons wecting tv . 
probably , because their parents haven't enough time to leave the city and show them nature . so they prefer to leave their sons watching tv . 
modern technology ? yes , but we mustn't loose the values and our free time to stay with our family . 
modern technology ? yes , but we mustn't lose our values or our freedom to be with our families . 
17th december 2000
17th december 2000
dear sirs , 
dear sirs , 
i am writing to complain about my awful evening at the circle theatre . i am very disappointed . 
i am writing to complain about my awful evening at the circle theatre . i am very disappointed . 
last week i went to see a musical show called 'over the rainbow' at the circle theatre . 
last week i went to see a musical show called 'over the rainbow' at the circle theatre . 
i was first , very excited to see the show , because on the advertisement it said that it is the best musical in london . also it said that i can have a perfect evening at there , but it turned out to be a very disappointing evening . 
i was at first , very excited to be seeing the show , because in the advertisement it said that it is the best musical in london . also it said that i could have a perfect evening there , but it turned out to be a very disappointing evening . 
i went to see my favourite actor danny brook acting in the show , but he was not there . i was shocked . there was another man acting . the show started late then i expected . it should be from 7 , 30 p . m , but it was from 8 . 15 p . m . ! 
i went to see my favourite actor , danny brook , acting in the show , but he was not there . i was shocked . there was another man acting . the show started later than i expected . it should run from 7 . 30 p . m . , but it started at 8 . 15 p . m . ! 
i want to complain about the ticket . on the advertisement it said that discounts are availble , but when i asked a staff in the theatre about the discount he didn't offer me one . after the show i went the 'theatre restaurant' to have dinner , but the restaurant was closed . it was because they closed early than usual . i think they should keep the times correctly . 
i want to complain about the ticket . in the advertisement it said that discounts were available , but when i asked a member of staff in the theatre about the discount he didn't offer me one . after the show i went to the 'theatre restaurant' to have dinner , but the restaurant was closed . it was because they closed earlier than usual . i think they should keep the times correctly . 
i am very disappointed with everything what happened last week . 
i am very disappointed with everything that happened last week . 
i would like a refund . 
i would like a refund . 
i excpect this will be possible . 
i expect this will be possible . 
yours faithfully , 
yours faithfully , 
fashion of the future by xxx 17/6/00
fashion of the future by xxx 17/6/00
my article is about fashion in . future
my article is about fashion in the future
right now in 2000 many people are wearing modern clothes . like wearing t-shirts , trousers , skirts , coats , long-sleeved shirts , jumpers , etc . they also wear little items on them to go with their clothes . like earings , necklaces , bracelets , rings , glasses , hairbands , hand bags , shoes , watches , etc . they like designers clothes and everyone wear different modern clothes in size , in colour and in shapes . 
right now in 2000 many people are wearing modern clothes , like t-shirts , trousers , skirts , coats , long-sleeved shirts , jumpers , etc . they also wear little items on them to go with their clothes , like earrings , necklaces , bracelets , rings , glasses , hair bands , handbags , shoes , watches , etc . they like designer clothes and everyone wears different modern clothes in terms of size , colour and shape . 
the fashion gradually changed from the old days and it is still changing to the future . maybe in 100 years from now , fashion will be totally different . everyone may think that in future people will wear silver clothes like in space movies . 
the fashion gradually changed from the old days and it is still changing . maybe in 100 years from now , fashion will be totally different . everyone may think that in the future people will wear silver clothes like in science-fiction movies . 
i think everyone will wear balloons for clothes in future . every one will wear very colourful balloons on them . with balloon clothes they will be able to fly up in the sky . 
i think everyone will wear balloons for clothes in the future . everyone will wear very colourful balloons . with balloon clothes they will be able to fly up in the sky . 
everyone will not walk on roads . they will bounced on roads with there balloon clothes . 
no one will walk on roads . they will bounce on roads with their balloon clothes . 
in future they will wear balloon clothes , because to make people fly . they will use a special gas inside balloons to make them fly . 
in the future they will wear balloon clothes , because to make people fly . they will use a special gas inside the balloons to make them fly . 
for the special gas they will mix carbon dioxide and some chemicals . this special gas will be not dangerous . if we use up carbon dioxide with balloon clothes there will be less carbon dioxide on earth , so there is no worry about ozone breaking . this is one more reason to wear balloon clothes in future . it is to save our earth . 
for the special gas they will mix carbon dioxide and some chemicals . this special gas will not be dangerous . if we use carbon dioxide in our balloon clothes there will be less carbon dioxide on earth , so there is no worry about ozone breaking . this is one more reason to wear balloon clothes in the future . it will save our earth . 
would you like to wear balloon clothes and bounce around the world ? 
would you like to wear balloon clothes and bounce around the world ? 
if yes , wait until 2100s ! 
if so , wait until the 2100s ! 
17 . 06 . 2000
17 . 06 . 2000
hello sir , 
hello sir , 
" um very unpleased that i have to write you this letter . i have to do this because things happened which i can't ignore and which disappointed me very much . 
" i'm very unhappy that i have to write you this letter . i have to do this because things happened which i can't ignore and which disappointed me very much . 
on the 12th of june this year i went to london to visit a friend of mine . we had a great time together until we decided to visit the musical " over the rainbow " in the " circle theater " . we went there at 19 . 00 o'clock to get some tickets , but when we arrived , a long line of people were standing there , waiting to get tickets . after we waited for half an hour to get two spare seat tickets , we had to wait 45 minutes until it started . one of the points because , i wanted to see the musical was my favourite actor danny brook , but he didn't play ! so when the miserable musical came to his end , we were happy to leave the theater room , but we both wanted to have dinner in the theatre restaurant , because no restaurantes were opened anymore , because it started too late . so we went upstairs to find the restaurant , but we just a big empty hall , with nothing in it , with a short sign on a door: " sorry , we are closed because of renovations " ! we thought it would be a joke , but it wasn't . because you are the manager , i think you are the only person who can change something . i would prefer getting my money back , instead of taking a lawyer . i will never visit your theatre again ! 
on the 12th of june this year i went to london to visit a friend of mine . we had a great time together until we decided to visit the musical " over the rainbow " at the " circle theatre " . we went there at 19 . 00 o'clock to get some tickets , but , when we arrived , a long line of people were standing there , waiting to get tickets . after we waited for half an hour to get two spare seat tickets , we had to wait 45 minutes until it started . one of the reasons why i wanted to see the musical was my favourite actor danny brook , but he didn't appear ! so when the miserable musical came to its end , we were happy to leave the theatre auditorium , but we both wanted to have dinner in the theatre restaurant , because no restaurants were open anymore , because it started too late . so we went upstairs to find the restaurant , but we just found a big empty hall , with nothing in it , with a small sign on a door: " sorry , we are closed for renovations " ! we thought it was a joke , but it wasn't . because you are the manager , i think you are the only person who can change anything . i would prefer to get my money back , instead of getting a lawyer . i will never visit your theatre again ! 
sincerely
sincerely
hedwiga heinkel
hedwiga heinkel
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . and we knew that from the day on , that he knows anything about our secret we will live in danger being caught . we , that were tim , gudrun , paul and me hedwiga had founded our own mafia , we were the kings in our small town , and we had a lot of people paying us money , so that we won't attack them . we had this idea first , when we watched a movie about the italian mafia in an english lesson in school . it was love of first slight and we were fascinated by the thought , building a kind of the same organisation in our town . pat was my big brother , who had heaed of some people paying , " safty-money " , but never know the reason , until he found a big amout of money in my room . his thoughts combined and ready to go to the police he went out of our house , where me and my homies were just hanging aroud . he saw me and tolled me into my face you are a thief and a burglar and i will go now to the police , i didn't know what to do , but then i had an idea . . . . yeah fokes , that was the point i got interupted by my parents in this beautiful dream , but when you will hear the end of my story than buy the " rossall-school- magazin " , net time again , and you will hear the end of this unbelievable story . 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . and we knew that from that day on that if he knew anything about our secret we would live in danger of being caught . we , that is tim , gudrun , paul and me , hedwiga , had founded our own mafia , we were the kings in our small town , and we had a lot of people paying us money , so that we wouldn't attack them . we had this idea first when we watched a movie about the italian mafia in an english lesson in school . it was love at first sight and we were fascinated by the thought of building the same kind of organisation in our town . pat was my big brother , who had heard of some people paying , " safety-money " , but never know the reason , until he found a large amount of money in my room . his mind made up and ready to go to the police he left our house , where me and my friends were just hanging around out . he saw me and told me to my face , " you are a thief and a burglar and i will now go to the police . " i didn't know what to do , but then i had an idea . . . . yeah folks , that was the point i got interrupted by my parents in this beautiful dream , but if you want to hear the end of my story than buy the " rossall-school- magazine " , next issue , and you will hear the end of this unbelievable story . 
dear sir:
dear sir:
how are you ? i have been the musical show " over the rainbow " in your theatre last week . i have got a few things to complain about your theart . the first thing is in your note says that you should have got danny brook in the show . but in the show , there was a another actor . i was so disappointing , because i came far away to see danny broke . in the note also says that the show start at 19:30 , and so i went in at 19:25 . the show was started at 20:15 , which means it has wasted one hour of my time . note says that tickets has discounts available , but i bought my ticket and your people told me that there is not any discount for thicket . when the show is finished . i deciced to go and visit your theatre restaurant , but i went there and it is closed for some reasons . i was really hungry and i went to other restaurant as soon as i can . the note says that your perfect evening out , i thought i could get my money back , with your poor service and all my reasons , but it was not ask for money back . 
how are you ? i went to the musical show " over the rainbow " at your theatre last week . i have got a few things to complain about regarding your theatre . the first thing is in your note it says that you have danny brook in the show . but in the show , there was an another actor . i was so disappointed , because i came from far away to see danny broke . in the note it also says that the show starts at 19:30 , and so i went in at 19:25 . the show started at 20:15 , which means it wasted one hour of my time . the note says that tickets have are discounts available there are discounts available on tickets , but i bought my ticket and your people told me that there is no discount on the ticket tickets . when the show had finished , i decided to go and visit your theatre restaurant . but i went there and it was closed for some reason . i was really hungry and i went to another restaurant as soon as i could . the note says that your perfect evening out , i thought i could get my money back , with your poor service and all my reasons , but it was not ask for money back . 
i was really disappointed about your threat and service , i hope i can get my money back and you can improve it . than you for reading . 
i was really disappointed about your theatre and service . i hope i can get my money back and you can improve it . thank you for reading this . 
today , science and technology help us a lot . for example . in the pass , people have to go and get wood , make a fire and cook , but now people can cook in a microwave and do not have to do all the hard work . 
today , science and technology help us a lot . for example , in the past , people had to go and get wood , make a fire and cook , but now people can cook in a microwave and do not have to do all the hard work . 
science and technology can give us a better live style or better food . for example , before people have to walk from a place to the other , but now we can use sciene and technology to produce a lot of petrel transport and we can transport with them faster . we also can produce more and better food or using science and technology . e . g . use science to put all the good part of two plants into one plant . we can also use techlogy to produce more food and help them grow faster . 
science and technology can give us a better life style lifestyle or better food . for example , once people had to walk from one place to another , but now we can use science and technology to produce a lot of petrol petrol-powered vehicles and we can travel faster with them . we can also produce more and better food by using science and technology , e . g . by using science to put all the good parts of two plants into one plant . we can also use technology to produce more food and help them grow faster . 
science and technology can also used for some material e . g . steel or iron , which use for our building , it can make it stronger and not easy to destroy . 
science and technology can also be used to produce some materials , e . g . steel or iron , which are used in our buildings , they . they can make them stronger and hard to destroy . 
science and technology can give us a lot of good thing for our daily life , make us easy to do thing or work . 
science and technology can give us a lot of good things for our daily life , making us easy making it easy for us to do things or work . 
dear sir or madam , 
dear sir or madam , 
i am writting to you about the show . i was very disappointed after this show . i would like to have my money back . at first the show started at 10 . 15 , and it should be at 19 . 30 . 
i am writing to you about the show . i was very disappointed after the show . i would like to have my money back . first the show started at 10 . 15 , and it should have started at 19 . 30 . 
after your show i wanted to visit my friends , and because of it , i didn't do it . 
after your show i wanted to visit my friends , and because of it , i couldn't do that . 
also , you wrote about discounts , but it's not true ! the woman , who sold a ticket was very roud with me , actually she started swearing at me . 
also , you wrote about discounts , but it was not true ! the woman who sold me a ticket was very rude to me , actually she started swearing at me . 
during the show , i was very hungry but i hoped to visit restaurant , it's a pity , but restaurant was closed because it was too late . 
during the show , i was very hungry but i hoped to visit the restaurant , which's which was a pity , because the restaurant was closed because it was too late . 
and , i forget to say about actor , i didn't enjoy them . 
and , i forget to say something about the actors , i didn't enjoy them . 
so , i hope i will get my money back , it was very disappointing evening out in my life ! i hope you understand me ! 
so , i hope i will get my money back . it was a very disappointing evening in my life ! i hope you understand me ! 
your sincerely
yours sincerely
ongelina
ongelina
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets , but any way i trusted him . it's happened 3 months ago , and during this months i am very upset . 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets , but anyway i trusted him i trusted him anyway . it happened 3 months ago , and during the last few months i have been very upset . 
i have a friend , his name peter , he is my best friend . 
i have a friend , his name is peter , he is my best friend . 
one day peter killed one boy . they were just playing and be acsident , peter shoot him . i was there , i saw it . i hoped that it , just could see 3 people , but it was mistake . . . pat saw it ! we spoke with pat many times to keep this secret , not to tell anyone . we trusted him . at first several days , pat all the time was with us . he promised to keep secret , in the next morning we had arguiment with pat , 3 of us were shouting at each other , in shorter pat went away from us . 
one day peter killed a boy . they were just playing and , by accident , peter shot him . i was there , i saw it . i thought that it only could could only be seen by 3 people , but that was a mistake . . . pat saw it ! we asked pat many times to keep this secret , not to tell anyone . we trusted him . for the first few days , pat was with us all the time . he promised to keep it secret . in the . the next morning we had an argument with pat . the 3 of us were shouting at each other . in short , pat left us . 
two days later in the morning , the policeman came to peter . . . so , now my best friend is prisoner . all the time i am thinking about peter . i don't forget him . he will be in the prison 5 years . by the way i don't see pat about one year . perhaps , he moved into another town . it's good that he far away . . . i miss peter very much , it's unfair to put him in a prison . but it's life , destiny , very cruel destiny . . . 
two days later , in the morning , a policeman came to see peter . . . so , now my best friend is a prisoner . all the time , i am thinking about peter . i don't forget him . he will be in prison for 5 years . by the way , i haven't seen pat for about one year . perhaps , he moved to another town . it's good that he is far away . . . i miss peter very much , it's unfair to put him in a prison . but it's life , destiny , very cruel destiny . . . 
dear sir , 
dear sir , 
i have come to watch the musical show called 'over the rainbow' in the circle theatre . i was really disappointed because a lot of things were not done . i will explain these now and want to ask to get some of the money i have given you back . 
i came went to see the musical show called 'over the rainbow' in the circle theatre . i was really disappointed because a lot of things were not done . i will explain these now and want to ask to get some of the money i have paid you back back some of the money i have paid you . 
it was written that danny brook and tina truelove were starring in the show . danny brook was not there , a different actor was in his place . that was very disappointing for me . 
it was said that danny brook and tina truelove were starring in the show . danny brook was not there , a different actor was in his place . that was very disappointing for me . 
the musical show was going to start at 19 . 30 , but it started t 20:15 . we have waited for 45 minutes getting bored for it to start ! 
the musical show was supposed to start at 19 . 30 , but it started at 20:15 . we waited for it to start for 45 minutes , getting bored ! 
when i went to buy tickets , they didn't accept the discounts . but i had read that the discounts were available . 
when i went to buy tickets , they didn't give discounts . but i had read that discounts were available . 
like it was written again , we went to visit the theatre restaurant after the show , but it was closed . they said that the time was late and they wanted to go home . there was nothing for us to do , the show started 45 minutes later . 
as it was written again , we went to visit the theatre restaurant after the show , but it was closed . they said that it was late and they wanted to go home . there was nothing for us to do , the show started 45 minutes late . 
now , i think that you have seen it was not a perfect evening at all , a lot of things written were not done so i am asking to get some of my money back . 
now , i think that you have seen , it was not a perfect evening at all , a lot of the things advertised were not done , so i am asking to get some of my money back . 
yours faithfully , 
yours faithfully , 
daily life - modern technology
daily life - modern technology
my daily life . i get up early in the morning , go to school , then come home and do what i would like to do . i go shopping , watch tv , walk around the city , use my computer and get lost in internet . etc . 
my daily life : i get up early in the morning , go to school , then come home and do what i would like to do . i go shopping , watch tv , walk around the city , use my computer and get lost on the internet etc . 
modern technology is everywhere in my life . i don't see it in a normal day , but when i sit and think , its everywhere ! 
modern technology is everywhere in my life . i don't see it on a normal day , but when i sit and think , it's everywhere ! 
for example , i get up whenever i want using my watch or clock . it's not a good example for modern technology , but it's a piece of technology at last ! 
for example , i get up whenever i want using my watch or clock . it's not a good example of modern technology , but it's a piece of technology at least ! 
tv was black and white at first and there were only two or three channels . now it's colourful and there are many channels on tv . you watch whichever you want . i can't think that i watch the same channels every day . 
tv was black and white at first and there were only two or three channels . now it's colour and there are many channels on tv . you watch whichever you want . i don't think that i watch the same channels every day . 
a wonderful example for modern technology: computer ! it is not a living thing but it has a brain . it knows more than most of the people . 
a wonderful example of modern technology: the computer ! it is not a living thing but it has a brain . it knows more than most people . 
and internet . you can look for everything you want . you can talk to every people living all around the world . you don't understand the time passing when you are in that world . you can have information about all the things , go everywhere . everything is near you . you can reach them whenever you want ! 
and the internet . you can look for everything you want . you can talk to all people living all around the world . you don't notice the time passing when you are in that world . you can have information about all things , and go everywhere . everything is near you . you can reach anything whenever you want ! 
you see , our daily life consists of modern technology . it would be hard to live without it . 
you see , our daily life consists of modern technology . it would be hard to live without it . 
london , june 17th
london , june 17th
dear sir , 
dear sir , 
i'm writing to you to make complaints for the very disappointing evening i had at the circle theatre . 
i'm writing to you to make a complaint about the very disappointing evening i had at the circle theatre . 
firstly , i found that there were no discounts as it was announced in the advertisement . 
firstly , i found that there were no discounts as were published in the advertisement . 
then , i not only had to wait 45 minutes more than it was expected for the beginning of the show but i realised that the main actor had been replaced by another one ( very bad ) as well . of course i must tell you that the strongest reason for my going to see the show was danny brook's presence . 
then , i not only had to wait 45 minutes more than expected for the beginning of the show but i realised that the main actor had been replaced by another ( very bad ) one as well . of course i must tell you that the main reason for my going to see the show was danny brook's presence . 
finally , after the show , i went to the theatre restaurant just to find that it was closed and the friend i had asked to meet me there was not waiting for me . as if that was not enough he thought i had been kidding , inviting him to a closed restaurant where i didn't appear . 
finally , after the show , i went to the theatre restaurant only to find that it was closed and the friend i had asked to meet me there was not waiting for me . as if that was not enough , he thought i had been kidding , inviting him to a closed restaurant where i didn't show up . 
those were the reasons for my asking a refund of the 20 i paid . 
those are the reasons for my asking for a refund of the 20 i paid . 
i'm looking forward to hearing from you soon . 
i'm looking forward to hearing from you soon . 
yours faithfully
yours faithfully
every day we find out new devices that promise us to satisfy our needs . i usually don't buy a lot of them but i must recognise that some of them are useful . 
every day we discover new devices that promise to satisfy our needs . i usually don't buy a lot of them but i must admit that some of them are useful . 
i can't remember waking up with the alarm-clock , making a hand-made orange juice or heating water for the coffee . therefore , i have more spare time to enjoy the one i consider as the most important influence technology had in my life: the computer and internet . 
i can't remember waking up without the alarm-clock , making a hand-made orange juice or heating water for the coffee . therefore , i have more spare time to enjoy the one thing i consider to be the most important influence technology has had on my life: the computer and internet . 
the improvement of electronics and global communications has made it possible to know places , look for information or even keep close contact with friends all over the world . 
the advance of electronics and global communications has made it possible to know places , look for information or even keep in close contact with friends all over the world . 
now , i will never say again that i don't know where can i find some information about this or that and when on holidays or every time i make a new friend , i just ask for the email and that's enough to know we will know about each other soon . 
now , i will never again say that i don't know where i can find some information about this or that and when on holiday or every time i make a new friend , i just ask for an e-mail address and that's enough to know we will know about each other soon . 
dear sir or madam , 
dear sir or madam , 
ref: over the rainbow musical show . 
ref: over the rainbow musical show . 
i am writing to you to mention some problems about the musical show shown in your theatre . 
i am writing to you to mention some problems about the musical show shown in your theatre . 
first of all , it was supposed to be starring danny brook and tina truelove but in a real show , it wasn't . because i'm big fan of them , if was pretty much boring without them and not to mention that it was disappointing . 
first of all , it was supposed to be starring danny brook and tina truelove but in the real show , it wasn't . because i'm big fan of them , it was pretty boring without them and not to mention that it was disappointing . 
it didn't start at 19:30 and there was a delay for 45 minutes which was quite a long time and everyone got frustrated . 
it didn't start at 19:30 and there was a delay for 45 minutes which was quite a long time and everyone got frustrated . 
the tickets also caused a problem . discounts weren't available at all . moreover the testament was till under the construction so that we couldn't use it when we were extlemely hungry . 
the tickets also caused a problem . discounts weren't available at all . moreover , the restaurant was still under construction so that we couldn't use it when we were extremely hungry . 
finally , i wonder why you didn't ask for the money back if you have guaranteed the perfect evening . 
finally , i wonder why you didn't ask for the money back if you have guaranteed the perfect evening . 
i am therefore writing to you to ask for the money back as i didn't get any advantages or services from you . 
i am therefore writing to you to ask for the money back as i didn't get any advantages or services from you . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you as soon as possible . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you as soon as possible . 
yours faithfully , 
yours faithfully , 
l . p . lou
l . p . lou
technology has been developed extremely fast these days and as it is still going on , it can't help affecting our lives . 
technology has been developing extremely fast these days and as it is still going on , it can't help affecting our lives . 
one of the biggist thing has changed is a change in a method of communications . people have invented such things like tv , radio , telephones and so on which made us enable to hear the news quickly and stay in touch with people easily . 
one of the biggest things that have changed is the change in the methods of communication . people have invented such things as tv , radio , telephones and so on which made us able to hear the news quickly and stay in touch with people easily . 
there are also changes in biological areas . nearly almost of the disease have been found the way to cure except only a few like aids . it helped us to live longer and make us stronger against them . 
there are also changes in biological areas . nearly all of the diseases have been found the way to cure except a few like aids . it helped us to live longer and make us stronger against them . 
i have mentioned few changes above but there's still a biggist one left which is about computer areas . it helped us to be able to work much more quicker and accurately than before with the help of internet . 
i have mentioned a few changes above but there's still the biggest one left , which is related to the field of computers . it helped us to be able to work much more quickly and accurately than before with the help of the internet . 
basically modern technology has changed our life more comfortably but there are some disadvantages such as lack of friendship , togetherness because of people staying in their house being on the internet for whole day . but we still have to admit that we can't live without them even they give us some disadvantages . 
basically , modern technology has made our life more comfortable but there are some disadvantages such as lack of friendship , togetherness because of people staying in their house being on the internet for the whole day . but we still have to admit that we can't live without them even though they give us some disadvantages . 
dear sirs , 
dear sirs , 
i refer to your advertisment in the herald tribune where you advertised for the circle theatre and the recent musical: over the rainbow . 
i refer to your advertisement in the herald tribune where you advertised the circle theatre and the recent musical: over the rainbow . 
on saturday , june 5th , 2000 my wife and i wanted to spend a nice and enjoyable evening and decided to go and see the musical . 
on saturday , june 5th , 2000 my wife and i wanted to have a nice and enjoyable evening and decided to go and see the musical . 
when we arrived at the theatre we had to realise that there were no discountable tickets available as mentioned in your advertisment so we had to buy the most expensive ones . after that one of the theatre assistants told us that the film would have began at 20:15 o'clock instead of 19:30 o'clock as indicated . so we had to arrest for a while and had a drink . 
when we arrived at the theatre we realised that there were no discount tickets available as were mentioned in your advertisement so we had to buy the most expensive ones . after that one of the theatre assistants told us that the show would begin at 20:15 instead of 19:30 as advertised . so we had to rest for a while and had a drink . 
to make the matters worse danny brook who was announced as one of the starring person in the musical was not acting this evening . you can imagine how disappointed we were especially the acting of danny brook was the main reason for us to see the musical . 
to make matters worse danny brook , who was advertised as one of the starring persons actors in the musical , was not acting this evening . you can imagine how disappointed we were , especially as the danny brook's acting was the main reason we went to see the musical . 
on top of this we intend to go to the theatre restaurant which was closed because of building activities . 
on top of this we intended to go to the theatre restaurant , which was closed because of building activities . 
as you can imagine we were very disappointed and it wasn't a perfect evening out i would like to have 50% of the prize of the tickets back . 
as you can imagine we were very disappointed and it wasn't a perfect evening out . i would like to have 50% of the price of the tickets back . 
i am looking forward to your promt reply . 
i am looking forward to your prompt reply . 
yours faithfully , 
yours faithfully , 
heine bitz
heine bitz
what would we wear in 100 years time ? 
what would we wear in 100 years time ? 
fashion will always be an interesting and important subject for all ages . today the fashion industrie has a great importance in the commercial market . in the next 100 years there will be no change in that but the fashion is going to develop in a special imaginative way . 
fashion will always be an interesting and important subject for all ages . today the fashion industry has a great importance in the commercial market . in the next 100 years there will be no change in that but fashion is going to develop in a special imaginative way . 
firstly , the material of which clothes are made has a wide range . there are the natural material on one side whereas on the other side the fashion industry produce more and more syntetical clothes , which relay on the production cost . 
firstly , the material of which clothes are made is of a wide variety . there are the natural materials on one side whereas on the other side the fashion industry produces more and more synthetic materials , which relay on the production cost . 
in 100 years most of the clothes are made from syntetical material . 
in 100 years most clothes will be made from synthetic material . 
beyond colours will play an important role in the next century for the fashion . light and bright colours will be very common . especially contrast will be attractiv . 
beyond that colours will play an important role in the next century for fashion . light and bright colours will be very common . the especially contrast will be the contrast will be especially attractive . 
furthermore the style of the clothes are going to be more crazy and individuell but there will be still enumerous clothes for the solid people . 
furthermore the style of the clothes is going to be more crazy and individual but there will still be numerous clothes for conservative people . 
one balance fashion in 100 years time will be confortable and colourful . the fashion industry will deliver a wide range of vararity in style , material and colour . there will be clothes for everyones tast . 
on balance fashion in 100 years time will be comfortable and colourful . the fashion industry will deliver a wide of variety variety of styles , materials and colours . there will be clothes for everyone's taste . 
dear sir , 
dear sir , 
i have read your advertisement for the show and i went to the theatre to see it but i had a very disappointing evening . 
i read your advertisement for the show and i went to the theatre to see it but i had a very disappointing evening . 
in your advertisement , said that one of the actor was danny brook but it was a different actor . this was very disappointing and i believe that all the people there , were angry . 
in your advertisement , it said that one of the actors was danny brook but it was a different actor . this was very disappointing and i believe that all the people there were angry . 
the musical show must have been started at half past seven but it started at quarter past eight . 
the musical show should have started at half past seven but it started at quarter past eight . 
about the tickets , i the advertisement said that discounts would be available but it would not . 
about the tickets , the advertisement said that discounts would be available but they were not . 
also the theatre restaurant was closed and i do not know why . when i read the advertisement , it said that the restaurand would be opened . 
also the theatre restaurant was closed and i do not know why . when i read the advertisement , it said that the restaurant would be open . 
lastly , i want to tell you that i had not a perfect evening and i would be grateful if you could send me my money back . 
lastly , i want to tell you that i did not have a perfect evening and i would be grateful if you would send me my money back . 
i am looking forward to your answer . 
i am looking forward to your reply . 
yours faithfully
yours faithfully
unfortunately , pat was not very good at keeping secrets . pat was my best friend . she lived next to my house and we went to the same school . i told her all my problems and i could rely on her . 
unfortunately , pat was not very good at keeping secrets . pat was my best friend . she lived next door and we went to the same school . i told her all my problems and i could rely on her . 
one day i heard my mother to tell my father that she want to divorce because she can't live with him any more . 
one day i heard my mother tell my father that she wanted to divorce because she couldn't live with him any more . 
when i heard it , i went to my room and i was crying . i called pat to come to my house because i was not very good and to tell her what had happened . 
when i heard this , i went to my room and i was crying . i called pat to come to my house because i was not very good and to tell her what had happened . 
few minutes later pat came to my house and i told her that my parents are going to divorce . pat did not believe me and she started to ask why . i told her that i did not know . 
a few minutes later pat came to my house and i told her that my parents were going to divorce . pat did not believe me and she asked why . i told her that i did not know . 
she helped me to forget it for a few minutes , she made me to laugh and the she left . but before she left i begged her not to tell anybody . 
she helped me to forget it for a few minutes , she made me laugh and then she left . but before she left , i begged her not to tell anybody . 
the other morning i went to school and all the students came next to me and told me not to be mad because of my parents . 
the next morning i went to school and all the students came up to me and told me not to be upset because of my parents . 
then i realised that pat told my secret and i felt very angry , that's why i said at the beginning that pat was not very good at keeping secrets . 
then i realised that pat told them my secret and i felt very angry , that's why i said at the beginning that pat was not very good at keeping secrets . 
dear sir , 
dear sir , 
i'm writing to you to complain about my deceiveful experience at your theatre last saturday night . 
i'm writing to you to complain about my deceitful disappointing experience at your theatre last saturday night . 
what i thought it was going to be a wonderful night became into the worst night at the theatre i've ever had . 
what i thought was going to be a wonderful night became the worst night at the theatre i've ever had . 
firstly , i must admit that when we realised the main character had been changed we felt really disappointed . this is because i had been waiting to enjoy danny brook's performance since i saw him the first time on television . 
firstly , i must admit that when we realised the main actor had been changed we felt really disappointed . this is because i had been waiting to enjoy danny brook's performance since i saw him the first time on television . 
secondly , despite of your advertisement of the possibility of discounts , when i showed my student identity card to one of your employes she angrily told me that i had to pay the whole prize . 
secondly , despite your advertising the possibility of discounts , when i showed my student identity card to one of your employees she angrily told me that i had to pay the full price . 
moreover , not only had the actor been changed but also the musical show started forty five minutes late . 
moreover , not only had the actor been changed but also the show started forty-five minutes late . 
in my opinion you ought to be more serious because of the commitent you have with the people who comes to your theatre . 
in my opinion you ought to be more serious because of the commitment responsibility you have to entertain the people who come to your theatre . 
finally , at the end of the night we felt a bit hungry but we couldn't eat until arriving home due to your restaurant new cooker illness . 
finally , at the end of the night we felt a bit hungry but we couldn't eat until we arrived got back home due to your restaurant's new cook being ill . 
the truth is the night wasn't my perfect night out as you have announced so i would appreciate if you could give my money back . 
the truth is the night wasn't my perfect night out as you had announced had advertised so i would appreciate it if you could give me my money back . 
i wait to receiving a prompt answer from you . 
i wait to receive a prompt answer from you . 
yours faithfully , 
yours faithfully , 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . 
i had always thought that i could rely on her whatever my problem was . yet , one extremly hot day while i was pacefully walking by the sea and thinking about my own problems i discovered my elder brother's girlfriend with another boy . 
i had always thought that i could rely on her whatever my problem was . yet , one extremely hot day while i was peacefully walking by the sea and thinking about my own problems , i discovered my elder brother's girlfriend with another boy . 
at first i felt really annoyed and disappointed so i run to my brother in order to explain him what i had seen . 
at first i felt really annoyed and disappointed so i ran to my brother in order to tell him what i had seen . 
nevertheless , when i found him studying harder for his final exams i realised i would rather her girlfriend explained my poor brother the truth . 
nevertheless , when i found him studying hard for his final exams i realised i would rather his girlfriend told my poor brother the truth . 
but the thing is i needed to speak to someone about the fact so i could feel more relaxed . 
but the thing is i needed to speak to someone about this event so i could feel more relaxed . 
i didn't know who explain it to but actually i decided that if i needed to tell someone a secret i would trust an my best friend pat . 
i didn't know who tell to tell but eventually i decided that if i needed to tell someone a secret i could trust my best friend pat . 
so , the next day , i nervously came to pat's appartment where she had been living on her own since she was eighteen . 
so , the next day , i nervously came to pat's apartment where she had been living on her own since she was eighteen . 
after that , she felt completely sad because of the love she had been feeling for my brother for several years and she swore me that she was going to tell it to nobody . 
after that , she felt very sad because of the love she had been feeling for my brother for several years and she swore to me that she was going to tell nobody about it . 
however , the truth was that not sooner had i arrived home than my brother asked me crying why i had told his girlfriend's affair to pat instead of discovering him the truth . 
however , the truth was that no sooner had i arrived home than my brother asked me , crying , why i had told pat about his girlfriend's affair instead of revealing him the truth revealing the truth to him . 
dear sir , 
dear sir , 
last week i stayed in london for holidays . during my stay in that beautiful city , i thought it was a good idea to go to the theatre to enjoy a musical show , so i decided to go to your theatre to see " over the rainbow " . 
last week i went to london for a holiday . during my stay in that beautiful city , i thought it was a good idea to go to the theatre to enjoy a musical , so i decided to go to your theatre to see " over the rainbow " . 
it was a very disappointing evening not just for me but for most of the people who was in the theatre . 
it was a very disappointing evening not just for me but for most of the people who were in the theatre . 
first of all , i was looking forward to see one of my favourite actors , danny brook , and it was very disappointing for me to see a diferent actor instead of him in spite of his name was writen in the advertisement . 
first of all , i was looking forward to seeing one of my favourite actors , danny brook , and it was very disappointing for me to see a different actor instead of him in spite of his name being written in the advertisement . 
in the advertisement for the show i also read that it was going to begin at half past seven p . m . but , in fact , it began at eight fifteen . i also , found out that no discounts were available . in spite of it was said in the advertisement . 
in the advertisement for the show i also read that it was going to begin at half past seven p . m . but , actually , it began at eight fifteen . i also found out that no discounts were available . in spite of it being said in the advertisement . 
another disappointing thing i found was that the restaurant was closed because the cooker has had an accident with hot water when he was boiling some vegetables . 
another disappointing thing i found was that the restaurant was closed because the cook had had an accident with hot water when he was boiling some vegetables . 
in the advertisement there's no mention about getting any money back but i think it was such a disappointing evening that you should give it back to me . 
in the advertisement there's no mention of getting any money back but i think it was such a disappointing evening that you should give some back to me . 
yours faithfully
yours faithfully
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . 
last summer , i was spending my holidays in a little village in the southern cost of spain with my friend pat . 
last summer , i was spending my holidays in a little village on the southern coast of spain with my friend pat . 
we usually went to the beach to have a bath and to enjoy the fantastic whether in that part of spain during the summer . 
we usually went to the beach to have a swim and to enjoy the fantastic weather in that part of spain during the summer . 
one day we found out a beautiful little beach next to the big one where some people were taking a sunbath and some children were playing football in the sand . 
one day we found a beautiful little beach next to the big one where some people were sunbathing and some children were playing football in the sand . 
at it was so beautiful , we decided to come back to the beach at night to see the moon , the see and the stars . 
as it was so beautiful , we decided to go back to the beach at night to see the moon , the sea and the stars . 
when we arrived at the beach , we saw a suspicious light and two persons doing something we couldn't see very well . in order to see it , we got closer to them and , at the end , we saw that they had robbed a lot of money and they were trying to put it in a safe place . as it seemed dangerous we agreed that we shouldn't tell it to anybody . it was our secret . 
when we arrived at the beach , we saw a suspicious light and two people doing something we couldn't see very well . in order to see it , we got closer to them and , in the end , we saw that they had stolen a lot of money and they were trying to put it in a safe place . as it seemed dangerous we agreed that we shouldn't tell anybody about it . it was our secret . 
unfortunately pat explained the story to a friend of us and i don't know how , but the robbers knew that we had seen all they had been doing . so , now we are in danger because of that . 
unfortunately pat told the story to a friend of ours and , i don't know how , but the robbers knew that we had seen all they had been doing . so , now we are in danger because of that . 
dear mr jones , 
dear mr jones , 
i'm writting this letter to inform you about the disappointing evening i had when i visited the circle theatre . 
i'm writing this letter to inform you about the disappointing evening i had when i visited the circle theatre . 
firstly in the advertisement you said that the actor would be danny brook but there was a different actor in the show and i was really disappointed , because i was really looking forward to seeing danny brook which i personally admire . 
firstly , in the advertisement you said that the actor would be danny brook but there was a different actor in the show and i was really disappointed because i was really looking forward to seeing danny brook , whom i personally admire . 
secondly the play didn't start at 19:30 as we were being told but it started with a delay of 45 minutes . also when i visited the theatre's restaurant i found it closed because of renovation . 
secondly the play didn't start at 19:30 as we were told but it started after a delay of 45 minutes . also when i visited the theatre's restaurant i found it closed for renovation . 
finally there were no discounts available in the tickets . all the above made my night terribly disappointing and i must say that the advertisement is nothing but a business fraud , so i'm in the unpleasant position to ask my money back . i'm looking forward to your reply 
finally there were no discounts available on the tickets . all the above made my night terribly disappointing and i must say that the advertisement is nothing but a business fraud , so i'm in the unpleasant position of asking for my money back . i'm looking forward to your reply . 
yours sincerely
yours sincerely
mrs lemmings . 
mrs lemmings 
technology is an essential part in people's life . it's something absoletuly necessary for every action people does it effects us both positive and negative . it's a part of our lifes . firstly technology has created a bond between myself and my computer . i got used to spending 2-3 hours in front of the computer . my relationship with my family and friends doesn't even exist . i've end up being a t . v addict 
technology is an essential part of people's lives . it's something absolutely necessary for every action people do perform . it affects us both positively and negatively . it's a part of our lives . firstly technology has created a bond between myself and my computer . i've got used to spending 2-3 hours in front of the computer . my relationship with my family and friends doesn't even exist . i've ended up being a tv addict . 
also the need of doing simple things as a family is no longer the case . why going to the countryside if you can sit there with a bowl of popcorns and watch t . v . 
also the need to do simple things as a family is no longer felt . why go to the countryside if you can sit there with a bowl of popcorn and watch tv ? 
despite the negative effects , technology can effect with a positive way a person's life . air conditions , watches , computers , and many other things have made my life easier . there's no need on going to the shops when i can order things by the computer . air conditions also makes my life easier 
despite the negative effects , technology can affect in a positive way a person's life a person's life in a positive way . air conditioning , watches , computers , and many other things have made my life easier . there's no need to go to the shops when i can order things on the computer . air conditioning also makes my life easier . 
in addition technology has made my life easier but it's also an intrude in my life crating a distance between myself and my family . in my opinion technology is the least thing i could use in my life . 
in conclusion , technology has made my life easier but it's also an intrusion in my life , creating a distance between myself and my family . in my opinion technology is the least thing i could use in my life . 
dear mr , 
dear mr , 
i am a foreign student who is on holidays here . i am going to stay here a week . i went to your theatre three days ago and it was horrible . i'm sorry but i am very dissapointed with the musical show . i would like to explain you my experience because i want you to give my money back . 
i am a foreign student who is on holiday here . i am going to stay here for a week . i went to your theatre three days ago and it was horrible . i'm sorry but i am very disappointed with the show . i would like to describe to you my experience because i want you to give me my money back . 
the last monday , i went to the theatre with two friends . we arrived on time but the musical show was delayed untill half-pass eight . moreover , we hadn't any disscount for beeing students . 
last monday , i went to the theatre with two friends . we arrived on time but the show was delayed until half-past eight . moreover , we weren't given any discount for being students . 
on the other hand , the main actor was changed for another and nobody told us . when there was a restful we went to the restaurant which was closed because it was late . we couldn't have a drink . well i believe that it was a bad day but i would like you to give my money back because on the advertisement there was some things that we hadn't in the theatre . 
furthermore , the main actor was changed for another and nobody told us . when there was an intermission we went to the restaurant which was closed because it was late . we couldn't have a drink . well i believe that it was a bad day but i would like you to give me my money back because in the advertisement there were some things that we didn't have in the theatre . 
finally , it would be grateful if you could answer me soon . 
finally , i would be grateful if you could answer me soon . 
yous sincerelly , 
yours sincerely , 
our lives are changing . when i was a child i had different entertainments that the actually children hadn't . we could play with our toys , dolls and we could enjoy without a computer . we hadn't so many machines than they have . 
our lives are changing . when i was a child i had different entertainment to those that modern-day children haven't have . we could play with our toys , dolls and we could enjoy ourselves without a computer . we hadn't so many machines as they have . 
the technology is growing and growing . 
the technology is growing and growing . 
if you have a computer you will be able to have all the information that you want . it's very important but some times it is a wrong thing because the children can see it too . moreover you can change the tv programme without getting up . we can find information about the weather , sports on our tv-text . 
if you have a computer you will be able to have all the information that you want . it's very important but sometimes it is a bad thing because the children can see it too . moreover you can change the tv programme without getting up . we can find information about the weather and sports on our tv-text . 
on the other hand , the science is changing . 
on the other hand , science is changing . 
we have more researchers than some years ago and we will be able to find the solution of lots of problems . actually , we can cure illness which were very dangerous before . i'm sure that in a couple of years we will see cured some illness like cancer , uth . 
we have more researchers than a few years ago and we will be able to find the solution to lots of problems . actually , we can cure illnesses which were once very dangerous . i'm sure that in a couple of years we will see cured some illnesses like cancer and uth some illnesses like cancer and uth cured . 
the new technology is changing our lives . 
the new technology is changing our lives . 
dear sir or madam , 
dear sir or madam , 
i was one of your customers who had a very disappointing about over the rainbow show at your circle theatre yesterday . 
i was one of your customers who had a very disappointing about over the rainbow at your circle theatre yesterday . 
first of all , these starrings of the show were not danny brook and tina truelove . the only one reason i bought your ticket was because of danny brook and tina trulove , as your advertisement had shown . but your starrings were not . 
first of all , the stars of the show were not danny brook and tina truelove . the only reason i bought a ticket was because of danny brook and tina trulove , as your advertisement had shown . but your stars were not there . 
i bought a ticket for the 19 . 30 round and the show was very very late . it started at 20:15 and that waisted my time and made me feel bad about your service . and also the ticket discounts were not available . that was not your advertisement had shown . and finally , your restaurant was not available after the show . 
i bought a ticket for the 19 . 30 performance and the show was very very late . it started at 20:15 and that wasted my time and made me feel bad about your service . and also the ticket discounts were not available . that was not your advertisement had shown . and finally , your restaurant was not open after the show . 
from every singular things i have complained , it was totally different from what your advertisment said . and because of this , i would like to ask for my money back . if you see that this is a good reason , please telephone me . my telephone number is 123-4567 . 
from every singular things i have complained , it was totally different from what your advertisement said . and because of this , i would like to ask for my money back . if you see that this is a good reason , please telephone me . my telephone number is 123-4567 . 
yours
yours
thesedays we are living on a high-technology world . modern technology has been growing rapidly and it has effected me a lot . indeed , i have to save more money for upgrading my personal computer . computer technology keeps improving all the time and consumes like me and you definitely have to pay our money to keep our personal computer up to date and able to work with new computer softwares that require more and more performance of computer hardware . 
these days we are living in a high-technology world . modern technology has been advancing rapidly and it has affected me a lot . indeed , i have to save more money to upgrade my personal computer . computer technology keeps improving all the time and consumers like you and me definitely have to spend our money to keep our personal computer up to date and capable of working with the new computer software that requires more and more performance of computer hardware . 
anyway , modern technology such as the internet changes me a great deal of life-style . using the internet , i can search for almost all information i want to know . and i can send e-mail to my friends via the internet fastly and cheaply prepared to the old-style mail-services . 
anyway , modern technology such as the internet changes me a great deal of lifestyle changes my lifestyle a great deal . using the internet , i can find almost all the information i want to have . and i can send e-mail to my friends via the internet fast and cheaply compared to the old-style mail-services . 
finally , i think modern technology makes me do my business faster , smarter with much more efficiency . 
finally , i think modern technology allows me do my business faster , better and with much more efficiency . 
dear sir , 
dear sir , 
i'm writing you to complain about the disappointing expirience i had with your theatre . 
i'm writing to you to complain about the disappointing experience i had with your theatre . 
first of all , i arrived at about 19:20 because advertisement said that performance begins at 19:30 , but it wasn't till about 20:15 that the begin of the show and i had to wait entire hour which was not very amazing . 
first of all , i arrived at about 19:20 because the advertisement said that performance begins at 19:30 , but it wasn't till about 20:15 that the began of the show show began and i had to wait an entire hour , which was not very amusing . 
secondly , i was supposed to have a discount but there were no discounts , although the advertisement said there are . 
secondly , i was supposed to get a discount but there were no discounts , although the advertisement said there are . 
thirdly , the disappointment made me a bit hungry but the restaurant was closed without any sign saying why . 
thirdly , the disappointment made me a bit hungry but the restaurant was closed without any sign saying why . 
and at last , the most disappointing point , the advertisement again said that there would be danny brook , my favorite actor , but there was someone else instead of him . 
and last , the most disappointing thing , the advertisement also said that danny brook would be there , my favourite actor , but there was someone else instead of him . 
so , the show was not good at all and my evening was spoiled in spite of all that advertisement promissed . as things went that way , i want my money back . 
so , the show was not good at all and my evening was spoiled in spite of all that the advertisement promised . as things went that way , i want my money back . 
sincerely yours , 
sincerely yours , 
i shall have a look into the place i believe no one can avoid - the kitchen . 
i shall have a look at the place i believe no one can avoid - the kitchen . 
how much effort and time it took about two decades go to chop vegetables or prepare coffee or how hard it was to deal with fridges ! but today the mixer or some more complicated kitchen-device will chop and mix anything for you from fruits to meat , and modern coffee machines can make even cappuccino or whatever you want on their own . those devices made our life easier like old fridges had to be defreezed to melt out and new fridges use different kind of cooling and will tell you if your forgot to close the door ! the modern cooker will turn off itself if something goes wrong ! personally , my life became much faster and i have much more time for many other things during the day thanks to devices modern technology offers us . 
how much effort and time it took about two decades ago to chop vegetables or prepare coffee or how hard it was to deal with fridges ! but today the mixer or some more complicated kitchen-device will chop and mix anything for you from fruits to meat , and modern coffee machines can even make a cappuccino or whatever you want on their own . those devices have made our life easier as old fridges had to be defrosted and new fridges use a different kind of cooling system and will tell you if you have forgotten to close the door ! the modern cooker will turn itself off if something goes wrong ! personally , my life became much faster and i have much more time for many other things during the day thanks to the devices modern technology offers us . 
dear mr. smith , 
dear mr. smith , 
during my last holiday in london , i was visiting your theatre in order to see " over the rainbow " . you wrote some things in your advertisement and i was disappointed that wasn't true . 
during my last holiday in london , i visited your theatre in order to see " over the rainbow " . you wrote some things in your advertisement and i was disappointed that they weren't true . 
first you have written that the starring were danny brook and tina truelove , but the real actors were different . it was a disappointing for me , because this actors were recommended by my friend , because he knows danny and tina . 
first you have written that the stars were danny brook and tina truelove , but the actual actors were different . it was a disappointment for me , because these actors were recommended by my friend , because he knows danny and tina . 
you have also written in your advertisement that it would started at half past seven but it started at 20:15 ! so we had to wait more than a half hour . it wouldn't be mind if the restaurant had pressed in order to eat or drink something , but it was closed , and it hadn't also opened after the show , because the waitress had to clean up the theatre room . 
you have also written in your advertisement that it would start at half past seven but it started at 20:15 ! so we had to wait more than a half hour . i wouldn't have minded if the restaurant had pressed in order to eat or drink something , but it was closed , and it didn't also also it didn't open after the show , because the waitress had to clean the theatre . 
over these the tickets were not discount available as you have written in your advertisement . 
also there tickets were no discount were no discount tickets available as you had written there were in your advertisement . 
so it wasn't a perfect evening for me and i think about it , if i can have my money back . if it's possible , please write back . 
so it wasn't a perfect evening for me and i think about it , if i can have my money back . if it's possible , please write back . 
sencerely . . . 
sincerely . . . 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets and so his hole schoole knew from sara's experience . 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets and so his whole school knew about sara's experience . 
sara was a very good puple . she didn't learn a lot but she knew all important things . she was a very nice person and she helped always if somebody need her help . 
sara was a very good pupil . she didn't study a lot but she knew all the important things . she was a very nice person and she always helped if somebody needed her help . 
one day she had to make the shopping for her mother . she had to buy a lottery-ticket and other things for her . after she had done this she went home , but she didn't buy the ticket because she thought there aren't no change to win . she spent this only for a magazin . 
one day she had to do the shopping for her mother . she had to buy a lottery ticket and other things for her . after she had done this she went home , but she didn't buy the ticket because she thought there isn't wasn't any chance of winning . she spent the money on a magazine . 
after she came home her mother was sitting in front of the tv and looked after the lottery-numbers . suddenly she jumped out of her armchair and shouted: " i have won the jack-pot " . sara was out of breath and after she had told her mother , she hadn't bought the ticket . her mother get angry but some hours later she was friendly again . 
after she came home her mother was sitting in front of the tv and looked at the lottery numbers . suddenly she jumped out of her armchair and shouted: " i have won the jackpot " . sara was out of breath and after she told her mother she hadn't bought the ticket . her mother got angry but some hours later she was friendly again . 
sara couldn't understand the fact , that she didn't do the right thing . she had earn a lot of money , so she would be more careful with doing things . 
sara couldn't understand the fact that she didn't do the right thing . she had lost a lot of money , so she would be more careful about doing things . 
to the manager of the circle theatre . 
to the manager of the circle theatre . 
i went to see over the rainbow show , friday evening the 16/6 . the musical had been advertised to be london's newest and best musical , but all to my disappointment . 
i went to see over the rainbow , friday evening the 16/6 . the musical had been advertised as london's newest and best musical , but all to my disappointment . 
i had been looking forward to see my favorite danny brook , but he had been replaced by some other actor . i was not too happy about that and why didn't the theatre start when it was suposed to start ? ( 45 min late ) , and where were the discounts which were available ? your advertisement was ful of false advertising . in the end of the show i was looking forward to have a nice dinner in the restaurant together with my boyfriend , but it was closed , because you were short of staff . this was not my perfect evening out . i want to have at least half of my money back . i hope you preciate my letter and that you'll try to improve the disadvantages . / sally svenssen
i had been looking forward to seeing my favourite actor danny brook , but he had been replaced by some other actor . i was not too happy about that and why didn't the show start when it was supposed to start ? ( 45 min late ) , and where were the discounts which were supposed to be available ? your advertisement was full of false advertising . at the end of the show i was looking forward to having a nice dinner in the restaurant together with my boyfriend , but it was closed , because you were short of staff . this was not my perfect evening out . i want to have at least half of my money back . i hope you appreciate my letter and that you'll try to amend these problems . / sally svenssen
how has modern technology changed my daily life ? 
how has modern technology changed my daily life ? 
the modern technology like internet for example has changed my life a lot both in good and bad ways . the advantages with internet are that i can do all my shopping from internet . i don't have to stress around in the supermarket a friday evening , when i'm tired from school , i just get all the groseries i need delivered to my door . instead . i buy all my clothes on internet as well and it works brilliant , but i have to admit that there are some disadvantages with internet too . i don't get as much exercise as i used to get . nowdays i spend 2 hours intent of the computer every day , shopping or chatting to people . i have got friends over the whole world now . i'll go to japan next month to visit one of my internetfriends . the modern technology open new and exciting ways for us . i don't think that i had been going to japan if it wasn't because of internet . internet has opened a whole new world to me . 
modern technology like the internet , for example , has changed my life a lot both in good and bad ways . the advantage of the internet is that i can do all my shopping over the internet . i don't have to mess around in the supermarket on a friday evening , when i'm tired from school , i just get all the groceries i need delivered to my door instead . i buy all my clothes on the internet as well and it works brilliantly , but i have to admit that there are some disadvantages with the internet too . i don't get as much exercise as i used to get . nowadays i spend 2 hours in front of the computer every day , shopping or chatting to people . i have got friends over the whole world now . i'll go to japan next month to visit one of my internet friends . modern technology opens new and exciting ways for us . i don't think that i would be going to japan if it wasn't for the internet . the internet has opened up a whole new world for me . 
sally svenssen
sally svenssen
the manager of the theatre dear sir , i am writing to you so as to express my great disappointment about the musical show " over the rainbow , " i attended to , a fortnight ago . to begin with , never have i been so upset when i realized that the expected famous actor danny brook , did not show up at the performance and that he had been shamefully replaced by an unknown actor whose performance was , quite mediocre . your advertisement for the show contains further inaccuracy ; this entertainment did not sart at 19 . 30 p . m but only at 20 . 15 . more over , i was looking forward to getting a reduction on the pricing as , indicated on your adverts , but i , once again , fell flat . indeed , it happened that this was not the case at all . additionally , i could not even enjoy having a drink , after the show , in the theatre restaurant as it was simply closed for renovation . " a perfect evening out " ! ? not at all . under these circumstances , as your theatre did not fullfil its commitments , i ask you for a full refund and i expect to receive a cheque of 15 , as soon as possible yours faithfully
the manager of the theatre dear sir , i am writing to you so as to express my great disappointment about the musical show " over the rainbow , " which i attended a fortnight ago . to begin with , never have i been so upset as when i realized that the i expected famous actor famous actor i expected , danny brook , would not show up at the performance and that he had been shamefully replaced by an unknown actor whose performance was quite mediocre . your advertisement for the show contains further inaccuracies ; this show did not start at 19 . 30 p . m but only at 20 . 15 . moreover , i was looking forward to getting a discount on the price of the ticket as indicated in your adverts , but that , once again , fell flat . indeed , it so happened that this was not the case at all . additionally , i could not even enjoy having a drink , after the show , in the theatre restaurant as it was simply closed for renovation . " a perfect evening out " ! ? not at all . under these circumstances , as your theatre did not fulfil its commitments , i ask you for a full refund and i expect to receive a cheque for 15 , as soon as possible yours faithfully
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . i had made my own experience with her so far and i would be always careful not to tell her anything important when ever we met . 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . i had had my own experience with her already and i would always be careful not to tell her anything important whenever we met . 
as , pat had recently made a new friend with olga , my sister , i warned my sibling about pat's failing: " don't ever rely on pat for keeping a secret , sweet-heart ; she just can't " ! mind what you may tell her; she can make the worst of it; gossiping around is her favorite leisure activity ! 
as pat had recently made a new friend , olga , my sister , i warned my sibling about pat's failing: " don't ever rely on pat to keep a secret , sweetheart ; she just can't " ! mind what you tell her; she can make the worst of it; gossiping is her favourite leisure activity ! 
however , i guess that olga turned a deaf hear to what i had told her . this is the impression i got . 
however , i guess that olga turned a deaf ear to what i had told her . that is the impression i got . 
a couple of weeks later , my sister called me as i was at work; completely devastated and weaping scalding tears , she could , hardly pronounce a word . i didn't say anything and let her go on grieving over herself . after a while , she pulled herself together and paused for a minute . i could then , feel her , upset as ever . i could get her as well simmer for a second or two then she suddenly sarted shouting uncontrollably: - " never have i met such a poor cow like pat " , hurled olga at me , through the phone . then i woke up; well , i shall never know what happened to the " poor cow " ! 
a couple of weeks later , my sister called me when i was at work; completely devastated and weeping scalding tears , she could hardly pronounce a word . i didn't say anything and let her go on grieving by herself . after a while , she pulled herself together and paused for a minute . i could then , feel her , upset as ever . i could get her to simmer for a second or two then she suddenly started shouting uncontrollably: - " never have i met such a poor cow like pat " , olga hurled this at me down the phone . then i woke up; well , i shall never know what happened to the " poor cow " ! 
dear sir or madam , 
dear sir or madam , 
i am writing in order to express my disappointment about your musical show " over the rainbow " . 
i am writing in order to express my disappointment with your musical show " over the rainbow " . 
i saws the show's advertisement hanging up of a wall in london where i was spending my holiday with some friends . i convinced them to go there with me because i had heard good references about your company and , above all , about the main star , danny brook . 
i saw the show's advertisement hanging up on a wall in london where i was spending my holiday with some friends . i convinced them to go there with me because i had heard good reviews of your company and , above all , because of the main star , danny brook . 
the problems started in the box office , where we asked for the discounts you announced in the advertisement , and the man who was selling the tickets said that they didn't exist . 
the problems started at the box office , where we asked for the discounts you announced in the advertisement , and the man who was selling the tickets said that they didn't exist . 
moreover , the show was delayed forty-five minutes and the worst of all was that danny brook had been replaced by another actor . 
moreover , the show was delayed forty-five minutes and the worst of all was that danny brook had been replaced by another actor . 
on the other hand , the theatre restaurant was closed because unknown reasons . 
in addition , the theatre restaurant was closed for unknown reasons . 
you promised a perfect evening but it became a big disastrous ! 
you promised a perfect evening but it became a big disaster ! 
i would like some kind of explanation and receive my money back . if you don't agree , i will act consequently . 
i would like some kind of explanation and get to get my money back . if you don't agree , i will act . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours faithfully , 
yours faithfully , 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . last wednesday carole received a letter . the stamp was from a foreign country and the address was written in capital letters . she didn't recognize the writing . she began to read " dear carolin . . there was only a person who used to call her by this name . it brought a lot of memories back to her . it was long time ago , when she was fourteen and paul sixteen . he was her first love and also the first who kissed her . paul had to move to mexico because of his father's work . when they were saying goodbye paul " i will be the last person who will kiss you " . " it sounds nice but i don't believe it " she replied . " you only have to wait " he said . but she didn't wait . she got married and had two children . at this moment carole was living with her husband but they didn't love each other any more . their love had finished . in his letter paul said that he had become a rich man and he would come back to meet her again . her friend pat had explained the whole story at her husband . what she would do ? 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . last wednesday carole received a letter . the stamp was from a foreign country and the address was written in capital letters . she didn't recognize the writing . she began to read , " dear carolin . . " there was only one person who used to call her by this name . it brought a lot of memories back to her . it was long time ago , when she was fourteen and paul sixteen . he was her first love and also the first who kissed her . paul had to move to mexico because of his father's work . when they were saying goodbye paul said , " i will be the last person who will kiss you " . " it sounds nice but i don't believe it , " she replied . " you only have to wait , " he said . but she didn't wait . she got married and had two children . at the time carole was living with her husband but they didn't love each other any more . their love had finished . in his letter paul said that he had become a rich man and he would come back to meet her again . her friend pat had explained the whole story to her husband . what would she do ? 
17th june 2000
17th june 2000
the manager
the manager
the circle theatre
the circle theatre
my wife and i are very keen on theatre , especially of the funny actor " danny brook " . when we saw your advertisement in the " evening post " we made a reservation . 
my wife and i are very keen on theatre , especially with the funny actor " danny brook " . when we saw your advertisement in the " evening post " we made a reservation . 
unfortunately , the next evening , one hour before the beginning of the show , we learnt that actors have been changed at the last minute . 
unfortunately , the next evening , one hour before the beginning of the show , we learnt that the actors had been changed at the last minute . 
in addition , there was no discount available , the show started at 20:15 and not at 19:30 . after that , your restaurant was closed whitout reason . 
in addition , there was no discount available , and the show started at 20:15 and not at 19:30 . after that , your restaurant was closed without reason . 
we are very disappointed . it was not a " perfect evening out " but " a dreadful evening out " . 
we are very disappointed . it was not a " perfect evening out " but " a dreadful evening out " . 
it would be nice from you if you could refund us some money or send us two new ticket . 
it would be nice of you if you could refund us some money or send us two new tickets . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours faithfully , 
yours faithfully , 
to: the manager of the circle theatre
to: the manager of the circle theatre
from:
from:
subject: complaint
subject: complaint
dear sir or madam , 
dear sir or madam , 
i was at the show of your theatre three days ago . unfortunately , my expectations have not been realized because of many problems i had during the show . 
i was at the show at your theatre three days ago . unfortunately , my expectations were not realized because of the many problems i had during the show . 
first of all , there was another actor instead of danny brook ( as it was written in the advertisement ) . secondly , the show was delayed and started at 20 . 15 so i had to wait 45 minutes doing absolutely nothing and wasting my time . no discounts were given and , what is more , your theatre restaurant was closed all the time . i was not able to have a dinner after the show . on the whole , i was very disappointed having left the circle theatre . all the impressions were destroyed by many problems . 
first of all , there was another actor instead of danny brook ( as it was written in the advertisement ) . secondly , the show was delayed and started at 20 . 15 so i had to wait 45 minutes , doing absolutely nothing and wasting my time . no discounts were given and , what is more , your theatre restaurant was closed the whole time . i was not able to have dinner after the show . on the whole , i was very disappointed on leaving the circle theatre . all the impressions were destroyed by many problems . 
i ask you for returning my money back . or i will have nothing to do except for going to the court . 
i ask you to return my money . or i will have no option except to go to court . 
faithfully , 
faithfully , 
fashion of the future
fashion of the future
three hundred years ago fashion changed up one time in each hundred years . one hundred years ago it was one time in 50-25 years . and now we have to change some of our clothes every 6 months because they are not so fashionable any more . fashion is one of the most important parts of our image and everyday life now . fashion is becoming more useful , all the new inventions and technologies are going to play an important part in the fashion industry of the future . 
three hundred years ago fashion changed once every hundred years . one hundred years ago it was once in 50-25 years . and now we have to change some of our clothes every 6 months because they are not so fashionable any more . fashion is one of the most important parts of our image and everyday life now . fashion is becoming more useful . all the new inventions and technology are going to play an important part in the fashion industry of the future . 
it is very difficult to predict but let us try to imagine what will clothes be like 100 years from now . with no doubt , the influence of modern technologies will be great . future clothes will be very useful and incredibly comfortable , we can see the progress in the fashion even now . it seems that the decorative role of clothes will have disappeared by the year of 2050 . 
it is very difficult to predict but let us try to imagine what clothes will be like 100 years from now . with no doubt , the influence of modern technology will be great . in future clothes will be very useful and incredibly comfortable . we can see the progress in fashion even now . it seems that the decorative role of clothes will have disappeared by the year 2050 . 
so all the fashion industry will work to make clothes more useful , practical and comfortable . what will we have ? breathing jackets and shirts with air conditioning . 
so the whole fashion industry will work to make clothes more useful , practical and comfortable . what will we have ? breathing jackets and shirts with air conditioning . 
17 . 6 . 2000
17 . 6 . 2000
dear sir , 
dear sir , 
i am writing for explaining some problems your theatre has got and asking for some money back . 
i am writing to explain some problems your theatre has got and to ask for some money back . 
i saw your advertisement and i expected a discounted ticket for students . but in a ticket office i realised i couldn't get it . another problem was the time . the play was supposed to start at 19 . 30 but it was delayed so at 20 . 15 a curtain of the stage was pulled up . as soon as the play had started i noticed another problem . i am a big fan of danny book and it was why i chose 'over the rainbow' . when i saw a different actor playing his role i was really disappointed . 
i saw your advertisement and i expected a discounted ticket for students . but in the ticket office i realised i couldn't get it . another problem was the time . the play was supposed to start at 19 . 30 but it was delayed , so at 20 . 15 the curtain of the stage was raised . as soon as the play had started i noticed another problem . i am a big fan of danny book and that was why i chose 'over the rainbow' . when i saw a different actor playing his role i was really disappointed . 
las problem i would like to tell you is a restaraunt there . after the show i went to the restaurant according to your advertisement but it was closed because of decoration . 
last the last problem i would like to tell you about is about the restaurant there . after the show i went to the restaurant according to your advertisement but it was closed for decoration . 
when i booked the ticket i really expected the show . unlike my expectation it was so disappointing and annoying . so i would like to ask for some money back . 
when i booked the ticket i really looked forward to the show . unlike my expectation it was so disappointing and annoying . so i would like to ask for some money back . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you soon . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you soon . 
yours faithfully , 
yours faithfully , 
ta hyun phat
ta hyun phat
i remember some sientific cartoons when i was younger i watched on television . they describe the future world where people would travel to the moon . but it is coming true now . modern technology has been changing even my daily life in positive and negative ways at the same time . 
i remember some scientific cartoons when i was younger i watched on television i watched on television when i was younger . they described the future world where people would travel to the moon . but it is coming true now . modern technology has been changing even my daily life in positive and negative ways at the same time . 
first it helps my social life to be convinient . i have got my own computer so it is easy for me to send e-mails to my friends very often . second i can save time . if there was no public transport like underground in a big city i couldn't imagine travelling on time . 
first it helps to make my social life convenient . i have got my own computer so it is easy for me to send e-mails to my friends very often . second , i can save time . if there was no public transport like the underground in a big city i couldn't imagine travelling on time . 
on the other hand , modern technology could affect my life in a bad way . because of computeres or telephones i could have less chances to meet my friends than before . it could make my emotions fade . another problem is pollution . i think a car is one of the most common products of modern technology . the more cars there are on the street , the more difficult it is for me to keep myself fit . 
on the other hand , modern technology could affect my life in a bad way . because of computers or telephones i could have less opportunities to meet my friends than before . it could make my emotions fade . another problem is pollution . i think the car is one of the most common products of modern technology . the more cars there are on the street , the more difficult it is for me to keep myself fit . 
to sum it up , as technology is improving my life itself is becoming convinient . in spite of its good sides i think my life could get worse . to live in this world needs somebody else to contact and health . but i am loosing chances to meet my friend face to face and i feel i am getting weaker . i suppose people including me should keep themselves in a limited their own space in near future . it will be caused by technology . 
to sum it up , as technology is improving my life itself is becoming convenient . in spite of its good sides , i think my life could get worse . to live in this world needs somebody else to contact and health . but i am loosing chances to meet my friend face to face and i feel i am getting weaker . i suppose people , including me , should keep themselves in a limited their own space in near future . it will be caused by technology . 
circle theatre's manager: i am writting you because i felt dissapointed after seeing the musical show " over the rainbow " . there were many things that were wrong in the advertisement i saw . first the actors who were suppoused to star in this show were not the ones put in there . so when i saw the show i felt horrible , because i was expecting to see danny brook . but the problems started while i arrived the place . i had a discount for it , but they refussed it and i had to pay the full price . appart from this , the show started fourty five minutes later . i think this reasons are suficiently enough to ask for my money back . so i hope that you will understand my point . please be comprehensive and realize that your show was not cheap . i'm a student , so i do not have a lot of money and i need it back . i also had to tell you that the theatre restaurant was closed because there were few people there and they take me out of the place , so i was very upset . i will go to your office this week . i hope to see you there . 
circle theatre's manager: i am writing to you because i felt disappointed after seeing the musical " over the rainbow " . there were many things that were wrong in the advertisement i saw . first the actors who were supposed to star in this show were not the ones put on stage . so when i saw the show i felt horrible , because i was expecting to see danny brook . but the problems started when i arrived at the place . i had a discount ticket , but they refused it and i had to pay the full price . apart from this , the show started forty five forty-five minutes late . i think these reasons are sufficiently sufficient to ask for my money back . so i hope that you will understand my point . please be understanding and realize that your show was not cheap . i'm a student , so i do not have a lot of money and i need it back . i also have to tell you that the theatre restaurant was closed because there were too few people there and they take me out of the place , so i was very upset . i will come to your office this week . i hope to see you there . 
pat's secret
pat's secret
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . he had talked to caroline days before the secret was known . she had told him about the relationship with her boyfriend . everybody knew that caroline and her boyfriend john , loved each other so much that it wouldn't be rare to find that they had have sex together . the point here is , that caroline choosed the worst friend to told this . she was also concerned about being pregned , but she was afraid to told john about it . so she decided to ask pat what to do . when she finally told him , pat react in a very wrong way and told rapidly to john . he couldn't belived what pat had told him , so he broke pat's nose . pat's father had to pay a very expensive operation . but as every story this has a happy final . john and caroline still love each other , and she wasn't pregnant at all , it was just her fantasy . and pat understood that secrets should die on your own . 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . he had talked to caroline days before the secret was known . she had told him about her relationship with her boyfriend . everybody knew that caroline and her boyfriend john , loved each other so much that it wouldn't be surprising to find that they had had sex . the point here is that caroline chose the worst friend to tell this to . she was also concerned about being pregnant , but she was afraid to tell john about it . so she decided to ask pat what to do . when she finally told him , pat reacted in a very bad way and told immediately to john told john immediately . he couldn't believed believe what pat had told him , so he broke pat's nose . pat's father had to pay for a very expensive operation . but like every story this has a happy ending . john and caroline still love each other , and she wasn't pregnant at all , it was just her imagination . and pat understood that secrets should die on your own . 
dear manager of the circle theatre , 
dear manager of the circle theatre , 
two months ago i went to see your musical show . i got very angry because you are liars . it was one of the most disappointing evening of my life . 
two months ago i went to see your musical show . i got very angry because you are liars . it was one of the most disappointing evenings of my life . 
the advertisement said that the actors were danny brook and tina truelove but the actor was different . who can believe it ? you are really a funny theatre . 
the advertisement said that the actors were danny brook and tina truelove but the actors were different . who could would believe it ? you really are a funny theatre . 
and the time too . you wrote that at 19 . 30 the musical started . i was waiting for 45 minute . the show started at 20:15 . 
and then there's the time , too . you wrote that at 19 . 30 the musical would start . i was waiting for 45 minutes : the show started at 20:15 . 
i paid 20 pounds without any discount . you said that some discouns was available . nobody took a discount . 
i paid 20 without any discount . you said that some discounts were available . nobody got a discount . 
when i went to the reastaure i was really suprised . it was closed and i steel don't know why ? 
when i went to the restaurant i was really surprised . it was closed and i still don't know why . 
in the advertisemen you wrote " your perfect evening out " , that's very funny . it was just a disappointing night and i want you to return to me some of my money , 
in the advertisement you wrote " your perfect evening out " , that's very funny . it was just a disappointing night and i want you to return to me some of my money . 
a very angry man
a very angry man
the modern technology has changed my daily life in many ways . the modern technology help me when i do my homework , to some games e . t . c . 
modern technology has changed my daily life in many ways . modern technology helps me when i do my homework and play some games etc . 
first of all the computer . it helps me when i studie . i can find many things from the internet or to write my compositions on it . 
first of all , the computer . it helps me when i study . i can find many things on the internet or write my compositions on it . 
the car has changed my daily life , like everyone else . i can go from one place to other very fast 
the car has changed my daily life , like everyone else's . i can go from one place to the other another very fast . 
most of the machines which you have at home help me , too . i can find cold water in the refrigarator but 50 years before the didn't have the refrigarator , so our life is easier , today . 
most of the machines which i have at home help me , too . i can find cold water in the refrigerator but 50 years ago they didn't have the refrigerator , so our life is easier today . 
when i stay home i can watch or listen to the radio e . t . c . so the modern technology help me to spend my free time . 
when i stay home i can watch tv or listen to the radio etc , so modern technology helps me to spend my free time . 
as you have seen the modern technology has changed my daily life a lot and i believe that it has changed it to the better . 
as you have seen , modern technology has changed my daily life a lot and i believe that it has changed it for the better . 
dear the manager of the circle theatre , 
dear manager of the circle theatre , 
i went to the circle theatre to see the show , " over the rainbow " a few days ago . i am writing this letter to tell you how i felt disappointed with it . 
i went to the circle theatre to see the show " over the rainbow " a few days ago . i am writing this letter to tell you how disappointed i felt with it . 
there are some differences between the advertisement and the real show . with the advertisement , you mentioned mr. danny brook and mr. tina truelove were going to play but actually different people were playing , whom i have never seen before . and also it said it was going to start at 19:30 but it was not started until 20:15 . to make it worse , neither discounts or restraurants were available at that night although they were said to be available . according to the owener of the restaurant , it was closed because the plugs of some lights were cut off . 
there are some differences between the advertisement and the real show . in the advertisement , you mentioned mr. danny brook and mr. tina truelove were going to perform but actually different people were performing , whom i had never seen before . and also it said it was going to start at 19:30 but it did not start until 20:15 . to make it worse , neither discounts nor restaurants were available that night although they were said to be available . according to the owner of the restaurant , it was closed because the plugs of some lights were cut off . 
as i am writing , it was not a perfect evening at all but horrible , so i would like to ask for money back and compensate for my special 20th birthday . 
as i am writing , it was not a perfect evening at all but horrible , so i would like to ask for my money back and compensation for my special 20th birthday . 
i am waiting for your reply as soon as possible . 
i am waiting to receive your reply as soon as possible . 
faithfully yours , 
faithfully yours , 
fashion of the future
fashion of the future
there have been already a variety of fashion style nowadays . some are in formal others are in casual . especially in big cities such as london , new york and tokyo , you can see a lot of people in various clothes , so i do not think there will be such big differences in outlooking of clothes even 100 years from now . 
there are already a variety of fashion styles nowadays . some are informal formal others are casual . especially in big cities such as london , new york and tokyo , you can see a lot of people in various clothes , so i do not think there will be such big differences in the outlook appearance of clothes even 100 years from now . 
however , i think , there will be some diffences in quality and materials of clothes . for example , speaking of sports , a lot of remarkable progress has been made in especially swimming costumes and athletes' costumes for olympic . 
however , i think there will be some differences in the quality and materials of clothes . for example , speaking of sports , a lot of remarkable progress has been made , with especially especially with swimming costumes and athletes' costumes for the olympics . 
in addition , i think the earth will be warmer and warmer than now and 100 year from now will be an area of space . so clothes for space will be necessary and clothes for warmer climates will be necessary . 
in addition , i think the earth will be warmer and warmer than now and 100 years from now will be an area of space . so clothes for space will be necessary and clothes for warmer climates will be necessary . 
in conclusion , 100 years from now , i think , better quality in clothes will be created in every field , such as sports , office , leisure , building site , school and space . although outlooking such as , shape and color will not be changed so much in fashion . 
in conclusion , 100 years from now , i think a better quality of clothes will be created in every field , such as sports , office , leisure , building site , school and space . although the outlook appearance such as shape and colour will not change so much in fashion . 
dear sir , 
dear sir , 
i am writing to you to complain about the musical show " over the rainbow " which i went to see last week . 
i am writing to you to complain about the musical show " over the rainbow " , which i went to see last week . 
first of all , the actors that played the show were differents to danny brook and tina truelove . besides of this they were not good as actors , so i am quite disappointed . 
first of all , the actors that played in the show were different to danny brook and tina truelove . besides this they were not good actors , so i am quite disappointed . 
then , the show had to start at half past seven and i had to wait fourty-five minutes because it started later . but it is not all because in the advertisement appeared the possibility of discounts available and it is false , i had to pay 20 for each ticket . 
then , the show was meant to start at half past seven and i had to wait forty-five minutes because it started late . but that is not all because in the advertisement it appeared that discounts were available and that is false ; i had to pay 20 for each ticket . 
finally , i wanted to visit your theatre restaurant and have a good dinner after the show but it was impossible . the restaurant was closed because most of the employees was on holidays and there were not enough people to attend the demand . 
finally , i wanted to visit your theatre restaurant and have a good dinner after the show but it was impossible . the restaurant was closed because most of the employees were on holiday and there were not enough people to meet the demand . 
in conclusion , it was not the perfect evening that i expected , so i am therefore writing to ask for a full refund of the tickets . i will be looking forward to hearing from you . 
in conclusion , it was not the perfect evening that i expected , so i am therefore writing to ask for a full refund on the tickets . i will be looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours faithfully , 
yours faithfully , 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets , and now my best friend knows that i will go to visit her next week . 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets , and now my best friend knows that i will go to visit her next week . 
alice is my best friend and we met twenty years ago . we went to the same school and we had the same hobbies . it was perfect because we always were together and doing interesting activities like snow board . 
alice is my best friend and we met twenty years ago . we went to the same school and we had the same hobbies . it was perfect because we were always together and doing interesting activities like snowboarding . 
one day her mother died and she had to move to germany where her sister was living . but she was very sad because she knew that it will be very difficult to see eachother in the future . 
one day her mother died and she had to move to germany where her sister was living . but she was very sad because she knew that it would be very difficult for us to see each other in the future . 
after that , we wrote letters and she phoned me once time a week but it wasn't the same . i couldn't explain all my problems to her and her voice had changed . 
after that , we wrote letters and she phoned me once a week but it wasn't the same . i couldn't explain all my problems to her and her voice had changed . 
finally , i decided to visit her but i wanted that it was a surprise . i worked hard during one month and i could save money to buy a ticket for the plane . 
finally , i decided to visit her but i wanted it to be a surprise . i worked hard for one month so i could save the money to buy a plane ticket . 
i decided to explain all my plans to pat and she promised me that she didn't say anything but it wasn't true . yesterday she phoned to alice and explained all . in spite of this i am very happy because i know that alice is preparing many activities to do together and to spend the best week in our lifes . 
i decided to explain all my plans to pat and she promised me that she wouldn't say anything but it wasn't true . yesterday she phoned alice and explained everything . in spite of this i am very happy because i know that alice is preparing many activities for us to do together so we spend have the best week of our lives . 
dear sir/madam , 
dear sir/madam , 
i am writting this letter to complain about the treatment that we have received when we went to the circle theatre in order to see the musical show " over the rainbow " whose actors were anthony keens and tina truelove . 
i am writing this letter to complain about the treatment that we received when we went to the circle theatre in order to see the musical show " over the rainbow " , whose actors were anthony keens and tina truelove . 
when we arrived at the circle theatre in the evening , we were waiting during a long time , because that you advertisement noticed that the musical show would begin at 19:30 , and eventually it began at 20:15 . 
when we arrived at the circle theatre in the evening , we waited for a long time , because your advertisement stated that the show would begin at 19:30 , and eventually it began at 20:15 . 
moreover , the actors were not the same of the advertisement . finally , after the show we went to the theatre restaurant but it was closed because they were on holidays . this evening was the worst evening of all my life . 
moreover , the actors were not the same as the ones in the advertisement . finally , after the show we went to the theatre restaurant but it was closed because they were on holiday . this evening was the worst evening of my life . 
i would like that you give me back some money of the tickets . 
i would like you to give me back some money for the tickets . 
i look to hearing from you soon . 
i look forward to hearing from you soon . 
yours faithfully . 
yours faithfully . 
pedro rez soran
pedro rez soran
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . she told our parents that we were going to get married in brazil . because of this , sally's parents and my parents went to brazil rapidly . sally and i had bought a nice big house beside the sea in the outskirts of the city . it had three bedrooms , two bathrooms , one dining room and one kitchen . indeed , it had a big swimming pool and a beatiful garden . when my parents arrived in brazil and found us , our dreams were erased . we had to come back to spain . because of this , we had to sell the house and left our jobs . when we arrived in spain , we had to explain our parents all our adventure . 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . she told our parents that we were going to get married in brazil . because of this , sally's parents and my parents went to brazil posthaste . sally and i had bought a nice big house beside the sea on the outskirts of the city . it had three bedrooms , two bathrooms , one dining room and one kitchen . indeed , it had a big swimming pool and a beautiful garden . when my parents arrived in brazil and found us , our dreams were erased . we had to come back to spain . because of this , we had to sell the house and left our jobs . when we arrived in spain , we had to explain to our parents all about our adventure . 
that day was the worst day of all my life . nowadays , sally and i are married , have three children , a marvellous house and both of us are working in a big company . 
that day was the worst day of my whole life . now , sally and i are married , have three children , a marvellous house and both of us are working for a big company . 
dear mister muller , 
dear mr muller , 
i address this letter to you because as the manager of " the circle theatre " i hold you responsible for the most disappointing evening in a theatre i had in years . i went to see the evening performance of your production of " over the rainbow " on saturday the 2nd of june . 
i address this letter to you because as the manager of " the circle theatre " i hold you responsible for the most disappointing evening in a theatre i have had in years . i went to see the evening performance of your production of " over the rainbow " on saturday the 2nd of june . 
at first i was irritated that contrary to your announcements no discounts were availlable . i bought one of the most expensive tickets . 
at first i was irritated that contrary to your announcements no discounts were available . i bought one of the most expensive tickets . 
although the show was scheduled to start at 19 . 30h , it did not begin until 20 . 15h . 
although the show was scheduled to start at 19 . 30h , it did not begin until 20 . 15h . 
to my greatest disappointement danny brooks was not in the show , but his part was played by an actor whose ( lack of ) singing and acting skills did not make him a suitable replacement . after the show i had to find out that the theatre restaurant , that had been recommended to me , was closed because it had been booked by a private party . contrary to your advertisement i had no " perfect evening out " and i think that you should return to me at least half of the 20  i paid for my ticket . 
to my greatest disappointment danny brooks was not in the show , but his part was played by an actor whose ( lack of ) singing and acting skills did not make him a suitable replacement . after the show i found out that the theatre restaurant , which had been recommended to me , was closed because it had been booked by a private party . contrary to your advertisement i did not have a " perfect evening out " and i think that you should return to me at least half of the 20  i paid for my ticket . 
faithfully yours
faithfully yours
. . . . 
. . . . 
best detective stories of agatha christie
best detective stories of agatha christie
that exciting stories always describe people in difficult situations is true of agatha christie's " witness for the prosecution " . 
that exciting stories always describe people in difficult situations is true of agatha christie's " witness for the prosecution " . 
this short story is about a man who is accused of having murdered a rich elderly widow who inherited her whole fortune to him . he had befriended her without telling her that he was married . 
this short story is about a man who is accused of having murdered a rich elderly widow who left her whole fortune to him . he had befriended her without telling her that he was married . 
the accused is defended by a famous lawyer who tells his wife that a loving wife's confirmation of her husband's alibi will not convince the jury
the accused is defended by a famous lawyer who tells his wife that a loving wife's confirmation of her husband's alibi will not convince the jury
to help her husband she works out a plan: she is willing to be witness for the prosecution and states that her husband has not been with her at the time the crime was committed . she then gives letters to her husband's lawyer that seem to prove that she has been unfaithful to him and that she tries to get rid of him with the help of false accusations . the plan works: the jury thinks that the wife is a notorious liar and her husband is found innocent . after the trial the lawyer is told that the man was indeed guilty . 
to help her husband she works out a plan: she is willing to be a witness for the prosecution and states that her husband was not with her at the time the crime was committed . she then gives letters to her husband's lawyer that seem to prove that she has been unfaithful to him and that she tried to get rid of him with the help of false accusations . the plan works: the jury thinks that the wife is a notorious liar and her husband is found innocent . after the trial the lawyer is told that the man was indeed guilty . 
dear manager , 
dear manager , 
i am writing to tell you that i stayed very disappointed with the theatre . one of my reasons to travel to london , was this theatre . 
i am writing to tell you that i was very disappointed with the theatre . one of my reasons for travelling to london was this theatre . 
i knew that " over the rainbow " was horrible ! i thought that it was the best musical show that london had . i was wrong , very wrong . 
i thought that " over the rainbow " was horrible ! i thought that it was the best musical show that london had . i was wrong , very wrong . 
in the propaganda had written that danny brook and tina truelove are supposed to be the actors , and in the theatre had totally differents actors . 
in the advertisement it was written that danny brook and tina truelove are the actors , and in the theatre you had totally different actors . 
i bought my tickets fuee days before the theatre thinking i will have discounts . but it happenned the opposite . i payed the same as who bought the tickets ten minutes before the theatre . 
i bought my tickets fuee days before the performance thinking i would get a discount . but happened the opposite the opposite happened . i paid the same as a who bought the tickets ten minutes before the performance . 
other thing i have to complement is about the time of the theatre . it was supposed to starts at half past seven , and it started only at fifteen past eight . 
another thing i have to complain about is the time of the performance . it was supposed to start at half past seven , and it only started at fifteen minutes past eight . 
after all this , i want to know if i will have some money back . i hope so . 
after all this , i want to know if i will get some money back . i hope so . 
yours sincerelly 
yours sincerely 
it is true that science and technology affects our lives a lot . the technology is essencial to our life , we need it on each minute , on each second . 
it is true that science and technology affects our lives a lot . technology is essential to our life , we need it each minute , each second . 
it is rare the schools that don't have a multimedia centre with many computers to the students use . but it is good and bad in the same time . good because you can have acess to a lot of informations , and it is bad because the computers are getting the people's work . nowadays we have teachers , and tomorrow ? who have the certain that the computers will not get the place of the teachers ? it is interesting to starts to think about this point . 
it is rare that schools don't have a multimedia centre with many computers for the students to use . but this is good and bad at the same time . good because you can have access to a lot of information , and it is bad because the computers are doing people's work . nowadays we have teachers , and tomorrow ? who has the certain knowledge that computers will not take the place of teachers ? it is interesting to start to think about this point . 
another point is that the television is taking the childhood of the children . for example , our parents had time to played with dolls or toys , and the new generation don't have time for this , because they spend a lot of time in front of televisions that only shows silly programmes . 
another point is that television is taking childhood away from children . for example , our parents had time to play with dolls or toys , and the new generation don't have time for this , because they spend a lot of time in front of televisions that only show silly programmes . 
we need this technology , but we have to know how to control this . 
we need this technology , but we have to know how to control it . 
dear sir or madam , 
dear sir or madam , 
i am writing to you to tell that i saw your musical show , , over the rainbow " and there were too many disappointing divergences between the advertisement for the show and the show itself . 
i am writing to you to tell you that i saw your musical show " over the rainbow " and there were too many disappointing divergences between the advertisement for the show and the show itself . 
the main problem was that danny brook did not take part in the show . however , i bought a 20 ticket mostly because i saw his name in the advertisement . furthermore , the show started only at 20:15 , although , it had to start at 19:30 . moreover your theatre restaurant was closed all evening , i think you should know that ticket were sold without any discounts . 
the main problem was that danny brook did not take part in the show . however , i bought a 20 ticket mostly because i saw his name in the advertisement . furthermore , the show started only at 20:15 , although it was supposed to start at 19:30 . moreover your theatre restaurant was closed all evening , and i think you should know that tickets were sold without any discounts . 
it seems to me that all these failures were your falt , because you were responsible for the arrangement of the show . i think you ought to have postponed the show and have reimbursed me a ticket price . however , conserning that i saw the show , i would like to get a half refund . 
it seems to me that all these failures were your fault , because you were responsible for the organisation of the show . i think you ought to have postponed the show and reimbursed me for the ticket price . however , concerning considering that i saw the show , i would like to get a 50% refund . 
please reply at your earliest convinience . 
please reply at your earliest convenience . 
i look forward to receiving your reply . 
i look forward to receiving your reply . 
yours faithfully , 
yours faithfully , 
modern technology changed my daily life completely . when i saw modern technology i mean internet . 
modern technology has changed my daily life completely . when i said say modern technology , i mean the internet . 
for example , i live in kursk , and i can get a letter from my friend after some hours since he has written it . my friend lives in kresnodar . my grandmother lives in orel , which is much closer to kursk than kresnodar . and it takes 3 days to her letter to get to kursk . that is because my friend uses e-mail , but my grandmother uses post service . so with internet i can make friends all over the world and it does not take lots of time . 
for example , i live in kursk , and i can get a letter from my friend some hours after he has written it . my friend lives in kresnodar . my grandmother lives in orel , which is much closer to kursk than kresnodar . and it takes 3 days for her letter to get to kursk . that is because my friend uses e-mail , but my grandmother uses the postal service . so with the internet i can make friends all over the world and it does not take lots of time . 
another change in my life is that i use internet as a library when i write my course papers . so that i can get books which is impossible to get in libraries of my town . 
another change in my life is that i use the internet as a library when i write my course papers so that i can get books which it is impossible to get in the libraries of my town . 
that is why i think that modern techology helps me in my daily life . 
that is why i think that modern technology helps me in my daily life . 
dear mr jones:
dear mr jones:
i'm writting you because i wanted to tell you what a bad experience i had during my holidays when i went to see the play on your theatre . to begin with , the actor you publised was going to perform , didn't . to make things even worse , the play didn't start at 19:30 as it was supposed to but instead it started 45 minutes late , at 20:15 , and there weren't even your famous discounts available . 
i'm writing to you because i wanted to tell you what a bad experience i had during my holidays when i went to see the play on at your theatre . to begin with , the actor you published as going to perform , didn't . to make things even worse , the play didn't start at 19:30 as it was supposed to but instead it started 45 minutes late , at 20:15 , and there weren't even your famous discounts available . 
as it wasn't enough , after the show , i took the risk of going to your restaurant and not very hard to guess i wasn't able to enjoy it , as for it was closed because it wasn't clean enough to sell food , the perfect ending for the perfect evening . 
as if that wasn't enough , after the show , i took the risk of going to your restaurant and it is not very hard to guess that i wasn't able to enjoy it , as it was closed because it wasn't clean enough to serve food ; the perfect ending to the perfect evening . 
considering all this , and especially the fact that i didn't get a discount on my ticket , i think the least you can do is give me my money back to make it up to me , and so i can go an spend the money in a good play when they do what they've promised . 
considering all this , and especially the fact that i didn't get a discount on my ticket , i think the least you can do is give me my money back to make it up to me , and so i can go and spend the money on a good play where they do what they've promised . 
waiting for your to write back
waiting for you to write back
yours
yours
modern technology is , nowadays , not only a " tool " for every day life but also a lifestyle . people are getting more and more adicted to this , because helps every day life to be easier and more confortable . 
modern technology is , nowadays , not only a " tool " for everyday life but also a lifestyle . people are getting more and more addicted to this , because it helps to make everyday life easier and more comfortable . 
in my own personal experience , technology is something i can't live without . from a simple domestic appliance , a tv or a radio to a cell phone or a computer , my life is much better now than it was before . for example , whenever i go out by myself , my father gives me a cell phone , to call him in case i need anything . another thing i depend on is the computer . not only to play or use the internet , but also to write my papers for school . 
in my own personal experience , technology is something i can't live without . by a simple domestic appliance , a tv or a radio , or a cell phone or a computer , my life is much better now than it was before . for example , whenever i go out by myself , my father gives me a cell phone , to call him in case i need anything . another thing i depend on is the computer . not only to play games or use the internet , but also to write my papers for school . 
i think that anything that can make our lifes better , should be done , because that way we wouldn't have so many things to be concerned about , and we would be able to live a happier and more relaxed life . 
i think that anything that can make our lives better should be done , because that way we won't have so many things to be concerned about , and we will be able to live a happier and more relaxed life . 
dear sir , 
dear sir , 
i've been recently to one of yours musical shows called " over the rainbow " in the circle theatre in london thinking it might be a good idea but it was desappointing . i'm writting this letter to explain you what had happened and look for a solution . 
i've recently been to one of your musical shows called " over the rainbow " at the circle theatre in london , thinking it might be a good idea but it was disappointing . i'm writing this letter to explain to you what happened and to look for a solution . 
to begin , the organitzation of your collegues of the theatre was awful becouse of diferents problems . despite saying it will start at 19:30 , it done at 20:15 which i think is to much late for a good theatre like yours . after , you say in the advertisement to visit your restaurant , however it was close , how can you explain that ? 
to begin , the organisation of your colleagues in the theatre was awful because of for different various reasons . despite saying it would start at 19:30 , it started at 20:15 , which i think is too much much too late for a good theatre like yours . also , you say in the advertisement we should visit your restaurant , however , it was closed . how can you explain that ? 
secondly , there were some false information in your advertisement that made me angry . you say it would be danny brook the man who was going to sing but it wasn't . and to sum up , there weren't discounts on the prices of the tickets . 
secondly , there was some false information in your advertisement that made me angry . you said it would be danny brook who would sing but it wasn't . and to sum up , there weren't any discounts on the prices of the tickets . 
for all of that , i want my money back , at least 15 of the 20 pounds i'd paid . looking for forward hearing from you . 
for all these reasons , i want my money back , at least 15 of the 20 pounds i paid . looking forward to hearing from you . 
your faithfully , 
yours faithfully , 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets , so without want i knew that it was going to be a concert on owr city of , from my point of view , the best group of the world , oasis . and she had planned with my friends went there without me . 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets , so without want i knew that there was going to be a concert in our city given by , from my point of view , the best group in the world , oasis . and she had planned with my friends to go without me . 
at first i got angry with pat more than with the others friends of the group , becouse pat was and is my best friend . however , a couple of minutes later , i calmed down and asked she why . she answered to me becouse all this year i have been so irritated that i got angry with every person who tried to talk to me , and the others friend had convinced her to let me out . 
at first i got more angry with pat than with my other friends in the group , because pat was and is my best friend . however , a couple of minutes later , i calmed down and asked her why . she answered because , " because all this year you have been so irritable that you got angry with everybody who tried to talk to you , " and the other friends had convinced her to dump me . 
the i realised that she got reason , i was irritated becouse my parent was going to divorce , but pat would always be my best friend so i told her that i wasn't angry with her and i was not going to go to the concert becouse i had to go to the court to solve my parent's affair . 
then i realised that she had reason . i was irritable because my parents were going to get divorced , but pat would always be my best friend so i told her that i wasn't angry with her and i was not going to go to the concert because i had to go to the court to solve my parent's affair . 
i asked her to look photos of oasis for me and she accepted . if pat had been good at keeping secrets , i wouldn't have known anything about the concert and i wouldn't have got angry for not being able to go . 
i asked her to take photos of oasis for me and she agreed to . if pat had been good at keeping secrets , i wouldn't have known anything about the concert and i wouldn't have got angry about not being able to go . 
and that's the history of how i lose the oportunity to go to the only concert that oasis had done in my city . 
and that's the story of how i lost missed the opportunity to go to the only concert that oasis have given in my city . 
dear sir , 
dear sir , 
my name is *** . recently i spent a week's holiday in london . read the advertisement and i found it interesting so i though that it would be nice to spent one of the nights i had in london at your musical show . 
my name is *** . recently i spent a week's holiday in london . i read the advertisement and i found it interesting so i thought that it would be nice to spend one of the nights i had in london at your musical show . 
but i was completely wrong . it was an awful experience . i had come with two friends on the 21st august , and one of the reasons was that we were big fans of danny brook and we were looking forward to watch his show . you can imagine disappointing was to find out that he was replaced by another actor not so popular . 
but i was completely wrong . it was an awful experience . i had gone went with two friends on the 21st of august , and one of the reasons was that we are big fans of danny brook and we were looking forward to watching seeing his show . you can imagine how disappointing it was to find out that he was replaced by another actor who is not so popular . 
we were there at 19:15 as the show was starting at 19:30 for getting our tickets . we asked for the discounts you were refering at your advertisement but the counter told us that they were not available because it was sunday . 
we were there at 19:15 , as the show was starting at 19:30 , to get our tickets . we asked for the discounts you were referring mentioning mentioned in your advertisement but at the counter they told us that they were not available because it was sunday . 
that was terrible but we didn't want to make a big deal of it so we went inside and waiting . the show started forty-five minutes later . we got really bored waiting . 
that was terrible but we didn't want to make a fuss so we went inside and waited . the show started forty-five minutes later . we got really bored waiting . 
after the show had finished we went for dinner at the theatre restaurant but it was closed because the owner was ill . 
after the show finished we went for dinner at the theatre restaurant but it was closed because the owner was ill . 
from all these reasons you can understand how unpleasant our evening . was we are asking you to return our money . hope you'll understand 
for all these reasons you can understand how unpleasant our evening was . we are asking you to return our money . i hope you'll understand . 
yours faithfully , 
yours faithfully , 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . from the time she was a child she couldn't keep anything for herself , she always shared her thoughts with other people 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . from the time she was a child she couldn't keep anything to herself , she always shared her thoughts with other people . 
she was about sixteen years old when she moved to another city with her family . she went to a new school and she had no friends . she was not very sociable and she could not create relationships very easily . by the time she became close friend with kim , who was really strange to other students and everybody disliked her . 
she was about sixteen years old when she moved to another city with her family . she went to a new school and she had no friends . she was not very sociable and she could not establish relationships very easily . in time she became close friends with kim , who was really strange to the other students everybody . everybody disliked her . 
pat was wondering why and one day she found out . kim explained her that she kept the distance from the other students because her father was in prison and didn't want no one to find out . 
pat was wondering why and one day she found out . kim explained to her that she kept her distance from the other students because her father was in prison and she didn't want anyone to find out . 
pat kept this a secret for two months but one day told it by accident to a boy from her class . in a few days all school was familiar with kim's story . kim was terrified because everyone was making fun on her and very angry with pat . 
pat kept this a secret for two months but one day revealed it by accident to a boy in her class . in a few days all the school knew kim's story . kim was terrified because everyone was making fun of her and she was very angry with pat . 
pat had to make up . she had to find a way to make kim forgive her . 
pat had to make it up to kim . she had to find a way to make kim forgive her . 
she had found the perfect way . she stand up infront of the whole classroom and explained that kim's father actions didn't influence kim . that she was a great friend to her and if someone owed to be punished that was her . kim forgave her and all the students understand how wrong they were and were very sorry . they all got to know the real kim know . 
she found the perfect way . she stood up in front of the whole class and explained that kim's father's actions didn't influence kim , that she was a great friend to her and if someone deserved to be punished , it was her . kim forgave her and all the students understood how wrong they had been and were very sorry . they could all get to know the real kim now . 
dear sir/madam , 
dear sir/madam , 
i am writing to complain about the musical show . over the rainbow , which you advertised . i saw the show at your theatre with my friend on 6th june . however , i was disappointed with something which did not match your advertisement . 
i am writing to complain about the musical show , over the rainbow , which you advertised . i saw the show at your theatre with my friend on 6th june . however , i was disappointed with something which did not match your advertisement . 
first of all , i would like to have seen danny brook as i am keen on his play . he did not play in the evening . it made me sad . secondly , the starting time has been changed from 19:30 to 20:15 . we waited for ages because we had not been informed . in addition , although you advertised the discounts tickets available , they do not sale them any more according to your staff . finally , we went to the restaurant in your theater after the show . it was closed because of the staff trainning . 
first of all , i would like to have seen danny brook as i am keen on his acting . he did not perform that evening . it made me sad . secondly , the starting time has been changed from 19:30 to 20:15 . we waited for ages because we had not been informed . in addition , although you advertised that discount tickets were available , they do not sell them any more according to your staff . finally , we went to the restaurant in your theatre after the show . it was closed because of the staff training . 
i am sure you can understand my disappointment . i must insist that you refund the cost of the show . unless i hear from you within ten days , i shall have to take legal advice on the matter . 
i am sure you can understand my disappointment . i must insist that you refund the cost of the show . unless i hear from you within ten days , i shall have to take legal advice on this matter . 
i look forward to hearing from you in the near future . 
i look forward to hearing from you in the near future . 
yours faithfully , 
yours faithfully , 
it is believed that our life style has been changed by mordern technology such as computers and washing machine etc . especially for families . i have found very expensive to buy them but there are number of advantages . 
it is believed that our lifestyle has been changed by modern technology such as computers and washing machines etc , especially for families . i have found it very expensive to buy them but there are a number of advantages . 
first of all , dishwashers are very effecient for me because i work full time and look after my children . it is very difficult to cook and wash dishes after working . before buying my dishwasher i asked my son to wash them . he complained about a lot . secondly , computers are useful for us as well , because we do not need to go somewhere if we want to have information , for example traveling . 
first of all , dishwashers are very efficient convenient for me because i work full-time and look after my children . it is very difficult to cook and wash dishes after working . before buying my dishwasher i asked my son to wash them . he complained about that a lot . secondly , computers are useful for us as well , because we do not need to go somewhere if we want to get information , for example about travelling . 
however my family's members do less communicate with each other than we used to , because my children are keen on playing computer games . 
however , my family members do communicate with each other less than they used to , because my children are keen on playing computer games . 
in my opinion , the morden technology make our life style combinient . it is very good for us but i think we should think about more carefully when we buy something for our children . 
in my opinion , modern technology makes our lifestyle life convenient easier . it is very good for us but i think we should think more carefully when we buy something for our children . 
dear sir/madam , 
dear sir/madam , 
i am writing to you for explaining some problems i had when i went to the theatre to see one of your company's musical shows called " over the rainbow " . i would like to say that the information given in your advertisement was not true at all . 
i am writing to you to explain to describe some problems i had when i went to the theatre to see one of your company's musical shows called " over the rainbow " . i would like to say that the information given in your advertisement was not true at all . 
first of all , the main characters had to be danny brook an tina truelove . i got very disappointed when i discovered danny brook was not going to play and a different actor would play instead of him . 
first of all , the main actors were meant to be danny brook and tina truelove . i was very disappointed when i discovered danny brook was not going to play and a different actor would play it instead of him . 
another problem was the start of the show . when i finished working i had to hurry up because the show started at 19:30 and it was 19:00 . for my surprise , when i arrived to the theatre the show still had not started . all of us , who had paid a lot of money for those tickets , had to wait long time before the show started , because it started at 20:15 ! 
another problem was with the start of the show . when i finished work i had to rush because the show started at 19:30 and it was 19:00 . to my surprise , when i arrived at the theatre the show still had not started . all of us , who had paid a lot of money for those tickets , had to wait a long time before the show started , because it started at 20:15 ! 
you should review the advertisements you do because you give wrong information . for example , the advertisement said we could buy tickets with discounts , but when i went to buy it your employees told me there were no discounts available . 
you should review the advertisements you do because you give inaccurate information . for example , the advertisement said we could buy tickets at a discount , but when i went to buy one your employees told me there were no discounts available . 
when the show was over i went to have dinner to your theatre restaurant but i found it closed because your company is lacked of employees . 
when the show was over i went to have dinner in your theatre restaurant but i found it closed because your company is lacking employees . 
in conclusion , what i expected to be " my perfect evening " , as you said in your advertisement , was a very disappointing evening due to the problems i had . i would like to know if i could have some money back for these problems i have told you . 
in conclusion , what i expected to be " my perfect evening " , as you said in your advertisement , was a very disappointing evening due to the problems i had . i would like to know if i could have some money back for these problems i have told you about . 
i advise you to pay more attention in your shows and look forward to hearing from you as soon as possible . 
i advise you to pay more attention to your shows and look forward to hearing from you as soon as possible . 
yours faithfully , 
yours faithfully , 
manuel santos
manuel santos
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . two days ago i thought i could trust pat because she was not going to tell anybody our secret , our important secret . i wish i had never told her anything . 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . two days ago i thought i could trust pat because she was not going to tell anybody our secret , our important secret . i wish i had never told her anything . 
all began when , three days ago , i was doing homework in my class . i was alone because pat had to go with her parents to the cinema . suddenly , i heard step noises that were getting closer to me . it was paul , my teacher , who came to see what i was doing there . after a few words which i didn't pay attention to , my teacher went out the class . i was boried , so i decided to follow him to discover where he was going . he was going down the stairs wearing his blue jacket . " see you tomorrow ! " i cried , but he didn't listen to me . then , while i was going back to my class i saw he hadn't switched off the light of his room . i went to switch it off . as soon as i entered that room i realised he had forgotten our exams there . i couldn't believe my eyes ! the exams we had to do next day were there . without thinking it twice , i took one of them and went quickly home . i had to phone pat to tell her which were the questions of the exam . when i told her this piece of news , she got surprised . we thought we shouldn't tell it anybody else . next day in the morning , before the exam , we were going to put the exam back with the other exams . 
it all began when , three days ago , i was doing some homework in my classroom . i was alone because pat had to go to the cinema with her parents . suddenly , i heard footsteps that were getting closer to me . it was paul , my teacher , who came to see what i was doing there . after a few words which i didn't pay attention to , my teacher left the classroom . i was bored , so i decided to follow him to discover where he was going . he was going down the stairs wearing his blue jacket . " see you tomorrow ! " i cried , but he didn't listen to me . then , while i was going back to my classroom i saw he hadn't switched off the light in his room . i went to switch it off . as soon as i entered that room i realised he had left our exams there . i couldn't believe my eyes ! the exams we had to do the next day were there . without thinking twice , i took one of them and quickly went home . i had to phone pat to tell her which questions were in the exam . when i told her the news , she was surprised . we thought we shouldn't tell anybody else . next day , in the morning , before the exam , we were going to put the exam back with the other exams . 
but my plan didn't work well . next day , everybody knew about my great finding because pat hadn't kept our secret . the problem was that my teacher also knew it because someone had told him " the story of the exams " , as he called my big problem . he told me i had done wrong taking the exam but i think the only thing i did wrong was telling pat my important secret . next time i will get sure who i'm telling my secret to . 
but my plan didn't work well . next day , everybody knew about my great find because pat hadn't kept our secret . the problem was that my teacher also knew about it because someone had told him " the story of the exam papers " , as he called my big problem . he told me i had done wrong taking the exam paper but i think the only thing i did wrong was telling pat my important secret . next time i will make sure i can trust who i'm telling my secret to . 
dear sir , 
dear sir , 
i am writing to express my dissatisfaction with the musical show which the circle threatre has presented . i recently had a week's holiday in london and during my stay i came to your threatre to see the " over the rainbow " . my evening was very disappointing . 
i am writing to express my dissatisfaction with the musical show which the circle theatre has staged is staging . i recently had a week's holiday in london and during my stay i went to your theatre to see " over the rainbow " . my evening was very disappointing . 
in the advertisment , i had read that danny brook was starring but she was not . a different actor was playing durring the musical and he was very disappointing . 
in the advertisement , i had read that danny brook was starring but he was not . a different actor was performing during in the musical and he was very disappointing . 
the play should start at 19 . 30 but it started forty-five minutes later , we were waitting over there with out doing anything . we got very bored and tired . 
the play should have started at 19 . 30 but it started forty-five minutes later , we were waiting there without to do anything anything to do . we got very bored and tired . 
after the show had finished i went to the theatre restaurand to hav something to drink and get relaxed but it was closed because the stuff was on holiday . 
after the show had finished , i went to the theatre restaurant to have something to drink and relax but it was closed because the staff was on holiday . 
moreover the discounts were not available as you say in the advertisment and i paid 20 . 
moreover the discounts were not available as you said in the advertisement and i paid 20 . 
i would like some refand because it was one of the worst evenings in my life it if this matter does not solve i will go further . i hope that it will be solved properly 
i would like a refund because it was one of the worst evenings of my life if . if this matter is not solved resolved , i will take it further . i hope that it will be resolved properly . 
yours faithfully , 
yours faithfully , 
unfortunately , pat was not very good at keeping secrets . he and his friends got in trouble because of this habit , last week . 
unfortunately , pat was not very good at keeping secrets . he and his friends got into trouble because of this habit last week . 
as they were watching t . v at nick's house last sunday , sally noticed that their cut curly was hurt , she could not walk . the children were very unhappy and sorry about the pet . " somebody had hurt her and had let her without help " mourk said angrily . " we have to find him and make him pay for his action " sally told them . everybod agreed with her . 
as they were watching tv at nick's house last sunday , sally noticed that their cat curly was hurt , and she could not walk . the children were very unhappy and felt sorry for the pet . " somebody hurt her and had left left her without help " , mourk said angrily . " we have to find him and make him pay for his action " , sally told them . everybody agreed with her . 
suddenly pat cried: " oh my lord , bad jon had done this . yesterday as i was arriving home i saw him in your yard mack , he looked very satisfied , curly was laying on the grass and . . . " " yes , oh lord he did it because we won his team at football " nick said . " he is so bad . we will make him pay . hey listen guys we will take his dog which love very much and we will sell it to sally who wants one . we will pay curly's doctor with these money that we will earn " pat said . 
suddenly pat cried: " oh my lord , bad jon did this . yesterday , as i was arriving home , i saw him in your yard , mack . he looked very satisfied , curly was lying on the grass and . . . " " yes , oh lord he did it because we beat his team at football " , nick said . " he is so bad . we will make him pay . hey , listen guys , we will take his dog which he loves very much and we will sell it to sally who wants one . we will pay curly's vet with this the money that we will get get " , pat said . 
next morning as pat was going to school met bad jon . and told him " hey , you . we know what you have done and your dog will be sold " . bad jon understood and talked immediately to his father . who was the school minister about the children' plan . of course they were punished . 
next morning , as pat was going to school , he met bad jon and said to him , " hey , you . we know what you have done and your dog will be sold " . bad jon understood and talked immediately to his father who was the school minister about the children's plan . of course they were punished . 
dear sir , 
dear sir , 
last night , me and my family visited your theatre , and we had a very disappointing evening
last night , me and my family visited your theatre , and we had a very disappointing evening
in the advertisement the time when the show should start was 19 . 30 but it started 20:15 . when i arrived to theatre and ask for the discount , it wasn't available . in your adv . starring was danny brook , and on the stage plaied different actor and his play was very poor . the whole show and acting was an profeccion like scholl theatre . when we decided to visit theatre restaurant after the show it was clouse because same of decorating wasn't finish . it was last poin to get me angry . after evrything what happend we went to hotel tipped and very affect . 
in the advertisement the time when the show should start was 19 . 30 but it started at 20:15 . when i arrived at the theatre and asked for the discount , it wasn't available . in your advertisement the show was starring danny brook , and on the stage a played performed different actor different actor performed and his acting was very poor . the whole show and the acting was an profession like of a standard comparable to school theatre . when we decided to visit the theatre restaurant after the show it was closed because some decorating wasn't finished . it was this last point that got me angry . after everything that happened had happened we went to the hotel tipped and very affect . 
it wasn't perfect evening out , how you did promise in your a advertisement , and i want ask for my money back . 
it wasn't the perfect evening out , as you promised in your a advertisement , and i want to ask for my money back . 
yours faithfully
yours faithfully
alexy pasimov
alexy pasimov
for the last one hundred years science and technology did big step if we looking to back . same thing more then 100 years ego the people haven't got the light . they were used just a candle . nobody can thinking about the telephone , and telegraph . from small village to town was very long way becouse the people used horse and wagon . 
in the last one hundred years science and technology has taken a big step , if we look back . similarly , more than 100 years ago people didn't have the light bulb . they just used a candle . nobody thought about the telephone , and telegraph . from a small village to the town was a very long way because people used a horse and wagon . 
and look at now . evry family has now t . v . , to travel for long distance we using not just car and elso train and airplain . before we have phantasy about how people travel to other planets , and what we see now spaceship cruising in the open space . 
and look at us now . every family now has a tv , to travel long distances we use not just the car but also the train and aeroplane . before we had a fantasy about how people might travel to other planets , and what we see now is a spaceship cruising in space . 
in the most part of our life entering computer . before it was only emegination . 
we spend the most of our lives operating computers . before it was only in our imagination imaginations . 
new techology more our life more comfortable and esee . evrything what we do now we do with : it help , looking after house , make very difficult operation , becose the computer can think much faster then human . 
new technology has made our lives more comfortable and easier . everything that we do now we do with a computer : it helps to look after the house , to make to perform very difficult operations , because the computer can think much faster than a human . 
and i can continue my list on this way . . . becouse science never stop on one place . 
and i can continue my list in this way . . . because science never stops in one place . 
dear sir , 
dear sir , 
i would like to complain about the show which you presented on last saturday . it was such disappointing evening out with my friend during our a week's holiday in london . we have had a quite pleasant time except the evening . actually it spoiled our time . so i would like to get back our money . 
i would like to complain about the show which you presented last saturday . it was such a disappointing evening out with my friend during our week's holiday in london . we have had a quite pleasant time except for that evening . actually it spoiled our time . so i would like to get back our money . 
these are some points i want mention about the differencies between the advertisement said and the realities . 
these are some points i want to mention about the differences between what the advertisement said and the realities . 
first , i had a great expectation to see danny brook plays his role , but he had never shown up that night . the main actor was an unknown actor . it was a such disappointing . 
first , i had a great expectation to see danny brook playing his role , but he had never shown up that night . the main actor was an unknown actor . it was such a disappointment . 
second , it started only at 20:15 . it was 45 minutes later than it suppose to be . it was a such boaring to wait the show in a noisy and hot theatre . 
second , it only started at 20:15 . it was 45 minutes later than it was supposed to be . it was so boring to wait for the show in a noisy and hot theatre . 
third , there was no possibility of discount . the girl sold the tickets was laughing at me when i mention about the discounts availability was written in the advertisement . 
third , there was no possibility of a discount . the girl who sold the tickets was laughing at me when i mentioned about how the discounts availability was written in the advertisement . 
forth , the theatre restaurant was closed . there was a not on the door saying that the painting was going on the weekend . how could you arrange work like that ? 
fourth , the theatre restaurant was closed . there was a note on the door saying that painting was going on that weekend . how could you arrange work like that ? 
finally the sentence was written blow down on the advertisement was absolutely not true . it was most imperfect evening out i ever exprienced . 
finally , the sentence that was written on the advertisement was absolutely not true . it was the most imperfect evening out i ever experienced . 
i wish that you can provide a better service next time , and this time you need give back the money we paid . 
i hope that you can provide a better service next time , and this time you need to give back the money we paid . 
sincerely
sincerely
yu phu tung . 
yu phu tung . 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . 
since i moved to london to study english i have had a hard time to make intimate friendship with people around me . 
since i moved to london to study english i have had a hard time making intimate friendships with people around me . 
first it was because of the culture difference . it took quite long time to adjust in the multi culture in the language institue . secondly the language ability was another issue . even i could meet some friend , but i couldn't express my heat to them for we have different back ground and our first language were different . 
first it was because of the culture difference . it took quite a long time to adjust to the multi culture in the language institute . secondly the language ability was another issue . even if i could meet some friend , i couldn't express my heat to them because we have different background backgrounds and our first languages were different . 
i really wished to have a friend can share everything is going in our lives . finally i met pat . she was a such wonderful person in our class . she tried to help others when they have difficult time at school . one day she realized that i was always been outside of circle . 
i really wished to have a friend with whom i could share everything that is going on in our lives . finally i met pat . she was such a wonderful person in our class . she tried to help others when they had a difficult time at school . one day she realized that i was always outside of the circle . 
one day she invited me to her flat . since then we have visited each other often and spent time together in weekend usally . we had a fantastic time together for three monthes . even we could make a trip to paris in the school holiday ! we had many common interests in music , art and books . 
one day she invited me to her flat . since then we have visited each other often and spent time together on the weekend usually . we had a fantastic time together for three months . we could even make a trip to paris in the school holiday ! we had many common interests in music , art and books . 
i thought that i found a good friend in my life . so i told her everything about my life . there were some stories i never told anyone before , but i had share with her all my secrets . 
i thought that i had found a good friend in my life . so i told her everything about my life . there were some stories i never told anyone before , but i shared with her all my secrets . 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . few days later i told her about my secret love story , it became a top gossip among my classmate . it was a nightmare ! 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . a few days after i told her about my secret love story , it became top gossip among my classmates . it was a nightmare ! 
for the attention to the manager: i am writing to complain about the organization of the musical show that the circle theatre presented . firstly , it was said that the stars who were invited to the estatement were dany brook and tina truelove . however , dany brook did not act and was replaced by another actor who was terribly disappointing on his performance . in addition , the event was supposed to start at 19 . 30 but we could not enjoy the show until 20 . 15 . the advertisement for the show announced that we were able to visit the theatre restaurant after the show but it was closed due to the chef who leaded the restaurant did not remember to bring the keys to open it . also , the advertisement said that discounts for the tickets would be available , but it was not . to conclude , i would be grateful if the organization of the theatre bring my money back . yours sincerely , 
for the attention of the manager: i am writing to complain about the organization of the musical show that the circle theatre presented . firstly , it was said that the stars who were invited to the estatement were dany brook and tina truelove . however , dany brook did not act and was replaced by another actor who was terribly disappointing in his performance . in addition , the show was supposed to start at 19 . 30 but we could not enjoy the show until 20 . 15 . the advertisement for the show announced that we would be able to visit the theatre restaurant after the show but it was closed because the chef who runs the restaurant did not remember to bring the keys to open it . also , the advertisement said that discounts on the tickets would be available , but they were not . to conclude , i would be grateful if the organization running the theatre gave me my money back . yours sincerely , 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets and she told her mother what had happened during the concert . 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets and she told her mother what had happened during the concert . 
peter had a terribly problem with drugs . he started to consum the stuff at the age of twenty . he had problems at home because his mother wanted to settle down to australia , but peter was used to live in new york , overcrowded and surronded by people . australia is a country too calm for him . 
peter had a terrible problem with drugs . he started to consume the stuff at the age of twenty . he had problems at home because his mother wanted to settle down in australia , but peter was used to living in new york , where it is overcrowded and he was surrounded by people . australia is too calm a country for him . 
we invited him to enjoy the concert of texas but he started to make nonsenses because of the drugs . firstly , he began to run around the crowd and also to hit the advertisements which announced the concert . a security guard saw it and put his attention on him . pat stared at him and asked for help . the security guard heard her and agreeded with pat that if peter continued acting on this way he would obliged us to go out of the concert . 
we invited him to the texas concert but he started to talk nonsense because of the drugs . firstly , he began to run around the crowd and also to hit the advertisements which announced the concert . a security guard saw this and turned his attention to him . pat stared at him and asked for help . the security guard heard her and agreed with pat that if peter continued acting in this way he would advise us to leave the concert . 
he did it . 
he did . 
when we arrived at home , pat told to his mother what had happened . 
when we arrived home , pat told his mother what had happened . 
17th june 2000
17th june 2000
dear sir or madam , 
dear sir or madam , 
i'm writing to complain about the musical show 'over the rainbow ' i've visited it last evening in your 'circle theatre' . by the way i would enquire about some money back . 
i'm writing to complain about the musical show 'over the rainbow . ' i visited i saw it yesterday evening in your 'circle theatre' . by the way , i would like to enquire about getting some money back . 
i read your advertisement for the show and i decided to have a wonderful evening by visiting it . i believed in the phrase by which the advertisement ended: 'your perfect evening out ! ' but nothing was perfect . 
i read your advertisement for the show and i decided to have a wonderful evening by seeing it . i believed in the phrase with which the advertisement ended: 'your perfect evening out ! ' but nothing was perfect . 
the show should started at half past 7 pm but nothing happened . i waited and it becomes 8 o'clock pm - nothing happened . at quarter past 8 pm the show started and i was looking for danny brook and tina truelove . but i saw some foreign actors i didn't know . i was very wrong and afraid about it and i remember that this was the third problem this evening . by arriving at the theatre there were no discounts available . now i asked myself if there will come another problem . the problem came . the restaurant , which i decided to visit after the show for eating something , was closed without any explaination and the perfect evening was completely unperfect . 
the show should have started at half past 7 pm but nothing happened . i waited and it became 8 o'clock pm - nothing happened . at quarter past 8 pm the show started and i was looking for danny brook and tina truelove . but i saw some foreign actors i didn't know . i was very wrong and afraid about it and i remembered that this was the third problem that evening . when arriving at the theatre there were no discounts available . now i asked myself if there would be another problem . the problem came . the restaurant , which i decided to visit after the show to eat something , was closed without any explanation and the perfect evening was completely imperfect . 
i think this are reasons enough for enquiring about some money back . 
i think these are reasons enough to enquire about getting some money back . 
i would be gladly to get an answer from you . 
i would be glad to get an answer from you . 
faithfully , 
faithfully , 
bergut hunrtner
bergut hunrtner
what will we wear 100 years from now ? 
what will we wear 100 years from now ? 
fashion changed every year . do you remember what people wore 100 years ago ? and by the way do you believe that they also thought the fashion never changed ? but the fashion changed . 
fashion changes every year . do you remember what people wore 100 years ago ? and by the way , do you believe that they also thought the fashion never changed ? but fashion changes . 
100 years ago the people wore long clothes and large robes . you can say they wore a lot of clothes at one time . 
100 years ago people wore long clothes and big skirts . you can say they wore a lot of clothes at one time . 
nowaday people wear lesser clothes . often you causes very litte and short robes and tops . often you show your skin because its popular and everyone do it . so it's possible to wear nothing in the future . a lot of thinks will be easier to do . 
nowadays people wear less fewer clothes . often you cause wear very little but short skirts and tops . often you show your skin because it's popular to do that and everyone does it . so it will be possible to wear nothing in the future . a lot of things will be easier to do . 
but in the winter there's still a problem which is to solve . in the winter you'll freeze . but this problem is solving by itselfes . the sommers and winters get warmer . the season for this is the global warming , which is the salvation of the problem and another reason why this idea is possible . 
but in the winter there's still a problem to solve . in the winter you'll freeze . but this problem is solving itself . the summers and winters get warmer . the reason for this is global warming , which is the solution for the problem and another reason why this idea is possible . 
but by some situations you have to wear something . the clothes you'll wear will be very extraordinary because of their special kind of producing . 
but in some situations you have to wear something . the clothes you'll wear will be very extraordinary because of their special method of production . 
so don't laugh about this idea . think about this idea and perhaps you'll understand it . it's possible . 
so don't laugh at this idea . think about this idea and perhaps you'll understand it . it's possible . 
17th june 2000
17th june 2000
dear sir or madam , 
dear sir or madam , 
on 14th june 2000 i went to see your " over the rainbow " musical show and i have a few points which i would like to bring to your attention . 
on 14th june 2000 i went to see your " over the rainbow " musical show and there are a few matters which i would like to bring to your attention . 
your advertisement was featuring " danny brook and tina truelove " as the main characters but in fact some other people replaced them that evening . 
your advertisement featured " danny brook and tina truelove " as the main characters but in fact some other people replaced them that evening . 
the time mentioned on the tickets was 19:30 however the show started at 20:15 . 
the time mentioned on the tickets was 19:30 , however , the show started at 20:15 . 
as i came to london on holidays and purchased " the london city guide " i saw your advertisement explaining that people could buy discounted tickets for 5 in advance . well i tried to do so but the lady at the desk told me that they were quotas available at that price but were already sold out ! 
when i came to london on holiday and purchased " the london city guide " i saw your advertisement explaining that people could buy discounted tickets for 5 in advance . well i tried to do so but the lady at the desk told me that there was a quota of tickets available at that price but were already sold out ! 
after the show we tried to go to your restaurant but unfortunately it was closed for renovation ! 
after the show we tried to go to your restaurant but unfortunately it was closed for renovation ! 
i was very disappointed of my supposed " perfect evening out " to your theatre and due to all the above-mentioned reasons i am asking for a complete refund on the two attached tickets . 
i was very disappointed with my supposed " perfect evening out " at your theatre and for all the above-mentioned reasons i am asking for a complete refund on the two attached tickets . 
yours faithfully , 
yours faithfully , 
modern technology
modern technology
" technology " is an appealing as well as an interesting word for me . from ancient times up to now this science has allowed the world and human-beings to develop positively and negatively . 
" technology " is an appealing as well as an interesting word for me . from ancient times up to now science has allowed the world and human beings to develop positively and negatively . 
egyptians , mayas , incas , etc . were civilisations with great knowledge because they were mastering most of the science fields we deal with today . 
egyptians , mayas , incas , etc . had civilisations with great knowledge because they had mastered most of the fields of science we deal with today . 
back in the 30's the different governments invented guns , battleships and all kinds of weapons for their armies . the military technology has affected our lives more than what we think because most of the equipments we use were originally created by those people . 
back in the 30s the different governments invented guns , battleships and all kinds of weapons for their armies . military technology has affected our lives more than we think because most of the equipment we use was originally created by those people . 
the fast and growing computer industry is giving us less and less physical work due to a mechanical concept . biotechnology is providing us with the latested discoveries to heal or improve the human body to its most efficient state . transport means are also part of the overall technology and allow us to go faster , further than before with less effort . 
the growing computer industry is leaving us less and less physical work due to a mechanical concept . biotechnology is providing us with the latest discoveries to heal or improve the human body to maintain it at its most efficient state . means of transport are also part of the overall technological advancement and allow us to go faster and further than before with less effort . 
besides all those improvements and confort i can't stop thinking where all this will lead us . i am keen on technology because i believe it should improve our lives however i dislike the idea that such a science might fall or had already fallen in wicked hands . 
besides all those improvements and comfort comforts i can't stop thinking where all this will lead us . i am keen on technology because i believe it should improve our lives , however , i dislike the idea that such a science might fall or have already fallen into wicked hands . 
dear sir or madam : 
dear sir or madam , 
i am writing this letter i order to complain my unpleasant experience in your theatre . two days ago , i went to see the musical show " over the rainbow " at your theatre . the advertised beginning time is 19:30 . but due to some unknown reasons , the play didn't start until 20:15 . the audience were anxious and bored . 
i am writing this letter in order to complain about my unpleasant experience at your theatre . two days ago , i went to see the musical show " over the rainbow " at your theatre . the advertised starting time is 19:30 but for some unknown reason , the play didn't start until 20:15 . the audience were anxious and bored . 
what made things even worse was that the leading actor danny brook did not appear at the stage at all . a second-class actor took the place of him . we felt totally disappointed and cheated . after the show , i was hungry and tired . as your poster suggested , i intended to rest for a while at your restaurant . but when i got there , it had closed . in addition , the conductor didn't offer me any discounts as you had advertised in the poster when i bought the ticket . 
what made things even worse was that the leading actor danny brook did not appear on the stage at all . an understudy took his place . we felt totally disappointed and cheated . after the show , i was hungry and tired . as your poster suggested , i intended to rest for a while at your restaurant . but when i got there , it had closed . in addition , the ticket office didn't offer me any discounts , as you had advertised on the poster , when i bought the ticket . 
i am sorry to say that i do not enjoy the evening at your theatre at all . i hope you can pay me the money back as compensation . i am waiting for your reply . 
i am sorry to say that i did not enjoy the evening at your theatre at all . i hope you can pay me the money back as compensation . i am waiting for your reply . 
yours faithfully 
yours faithfully 
modern technology has changed my daily life in two ways . first with a lot of advanced techniques being put into practical use , our living condition becomes more and more convenient and comfortable . when we look around in the house , it is easy to find things like these : microwave oven , tv set , computer , etc . all these equippments are the applications of modern science . when you are planning to travel , you can choose train , car or even plane as your transportation . without the development of modern technology , it may take your several years to reach the destination . 
modern technology has changed my daily life in two ways . first with a lot of advanced techniques being put to practical use , our living conditions become are becoming more and more convenient and comfortable . when we look around the house , it is easy to find things like a microwave oven , tv set , computer etc . all these items of equipment are applications of modern science . when you are planning to travel , you can choose a train , car or even a plane as your means of transportation . without the development of modern technology , it may take you several years to reach your destination . 
second , modern technology makes communication much easier and more enjoyable . with the spreading use of internet , people living in different parts of the world can chat with each other through the web . and , we can also share important informations with other people . the development of information technology has changed the world into " an earth village " . 
second , modern technology makes communication much easier and more enjoyable . with the spreading use of the internet , people living in different parts of the world can chat with each other via the web . and we can also share important information with other people . the development of information technology has changed the world into " a global village " . 
modern technology plays an important role in our life . i am hoping to devote myself into the development of it . 
modern technology plays an important role in our lives . i am hoping to devote myself to its development . 
dear mr. 
dear mr. 
i am writing to you becaus i was very disappointing with the presentation you have made to attract people to come to your theatre . 
i am writing to you because i was very disappointed with the show you have put on to attract people to come to your theatre . 
first of all i came to see a play just becaus my faivourite actrice shoud of been part in it , but she didn't . the evening time on a tiket was 19 . 30 and actually it started at 20 . 15 which made visitors stay in a plase for 45 min , waist of time . the tickets discounts was not available under any subconstanses and the theatre restaurant was closed . 
first of all , i came to see the play just because my favourite actress should have been in it , but she wasn't . the time of the evening performance on the ticket was 19 . 30 and actually it started at 20 . 15 , which forced visitors to stay in one place for 45 minutes , a waste of time . the ticket discounts were not available under any circumstances and the theatre restaurant was closed . 
i strongly do recomand your to pay minimum 50% of the full price for what i've payed . 
i strongly recommend you to pay a minimum 50% of the full price that i paid . 
your faithfull 
your faithful 
mr. farydone . 
mr. farydone . 
fashion of the future . 
fashion of the future . 
i think that in 100 years from now , the clothes fashion will be totaly different . in my apineon the world by it self will be different in temperature cased by global warming as well as people become more niceer , less will take place , so the clothes will mainly be maid from cotton with smooth colours like dark grean or gray . it will be comfotable close becaus the main point for any caind of clothe is to be comfatable . also there will be no leather or fethers used in maiking clothes becaus by that time the population of animals will foll and green pease will very strong community , much stronger and pouful than it is now . so as we can think the future fashion can be pleasent or unpleasent for different people . the stile will be more or less simelar to each other and everyon will be setisfaid with its needs . 
i think that in 100 years from now , the clothes fashion will be totally different . in my opinion the world itself will be different in temperature caused by as a result of global warming , also people will become nicer , less this will take place , so the clothes will mainly be made from cotton with smooth colours like dark green or grey . they will be comfortable clothes because the main point for any kind of clothing is to be comfortable . also there will be no leather or feathers used in making these clothes because by that time the animal population will fall have fallen and green peace will be very strong , much stronger and more powerful than it is now . so we can imagine the future fashion might be pleasant or unpleasant for different people . the style styles will be more or less similar to the same as each other and everyone will be satisfied with them . 
writen by h . farydone
writen by h . farydone
dear sir:
dear sir:
i'm writting this letter to complain about the musical show i saw during my stay in london . this show was supposed to be a perfect event but actually i had a very disappointing evening . 
i'm writing this letter to complain about the musical show i saw during my stay in london . this show was supposed to be a perfect event but actually i had a very disappointing evening . 
first of all i want to say that i'm very keen on danny brook who was one of the main reasons why i decided to come . however my favourite actor was not there . how could that happen ? 
first of all , i want to say that i'm very keen on danny brook who was one of the main reasons why i decided to go . however , my favourite actor was not there . how could that happen ? 
i also would like to know why the musical show started at a quarter past eight instead of half past seven . i spent a lot of time waiting for the show to start . i really do understand that problems can always come up but it would not have been a problem for me as long as i had been informed about it . 
i also would like to know why the show started at a quarter past eight instead of half past seven . i spent a lot of time waiting for the show to start . i really do understand that problems can always come up but it would not have been a problem for me if i had been informed about it . 
of course discounts were not available either , and the restaurant where we were supposed to eat afterwards was closed without any explanation at all . 
of course discounts were not available either , and the restaurant where we were supposed to eat afterwards was closed without any explanation at all . 
so , what should have been a nice evening out came to a nightmare . 
so , what should have been a nice evening out became a nightmare . 
i guess all my reasons are more than enough to get my money back . 
i guess all my reasons are more than enough to get my money back . 
thank you very much:
thank you very much:
yours faithfully:
yours faithfully:
modern technology has actually changed my life quite a lot . 
modern technology has actually changed my life quite a lot . 
firstly i would like to talk about computers . a couple of years ago i bought a new computer and i had to learn all about them . even though it was my first one i managed and i got to know pretty fast the way they work . now , i'm just fascinated by internet and i spent at least half an hour every day surfing the net , visiting lots of webs and getting all kind of information for free . 
firstly i would like to talk about computers . a couple of years ago i bought a new computer and i had to learn all about them . even though it was my first one i managed and i got to know the way they work pretty fast . now , i'm just fascinated by the internet and i spend at least half an hour every day surfing the net , visiting lots of websites and getting all kinds of information for free . 
i'm impressed by communications as well . if i want to communicate with a friend in australia i just have to send him an e-mail which is going to get to my fellow in a while . isn't that amazing ? 
i'm impressed by communications as well . if i want to communicate with a friend in australia i just have to send him an e-mail , which is going to get to my friend in a little while . isn't that amazing ? 
i should not forget mobile phones . if i feel like talking to a friend i just have to call him and whereever he is i will be able to get through to him . several european companies like nokia or ericsson are focusing on mobiles and i have been told that in a couple of years it will be possible to send and e-mail either from the computer or from the mobile which is going to be great . 
i should not forget mobile phones . if i feel like talking to a friend i just have to call him and wherever he is i will be able to get through to him . several european companies like nokia or ericsson are focusing on mobiles and i have been told that in a couple of years it will be possible to send an e-mail either from a computer or from a mobile , which is going to be great . 
finally i want to explain that three weeks ago i started working for a new company and my job is all about new technologies . i'm extremly happy because not only do i earn a lot of money but also i'm learning a lot . 
finally i want to say that three weeks ago i started working for a new company and my job is all about new technologies . i'm extremely happy because not only do i earn a lot of money but also i'm learning a lot . 
so , as you can see , modern technology has had influence in my life . 
so , as you can see , modern technology has had an influence on my life . 
mr/mrs . . . manager 
dear sir/madam 
i am writing to you about your musical show " over the rainbow " . i have come and see the theatre but i am very disappointed . i have come to see a good theatre but i did not . danny brook was going to be the starring actor but he wasn not , actor took his place . that was very disappointing . the play was going to start at 19 . 30 but is was very delay it start at 20 . 15 . 
i am writing to you about your musical show " over the rainbow " . i came went and saw it at the theatre but i was very disappointed . i came went to see a good show but i did not . danny brook was meant to be the starring actor but he was not , another actor took his place . that was very disappointing . the play was meant to start at 19 . 30 but it was very delayed . it started at 20 . 15 . 
and this is not all there is more . in the advertisement you write that there is biscount available but it was not . also the restaurant was closed because there was not left any food . 
and this is not all , there is more . in the advertisement you say that there is a discount available but it there was not . also the restaurant was closed because there was not any food left . 
i think the next time you write an advertiment you write it with the right information . 
i think the next time you write an advertisement you should put in the right information . 
i did not have a perfect evening with so many proplems . so i am asking to retern me some money back . 
i did not have a perfect evening with so many problems , so i am asking you to return give me some money back . 
i hope to hear from you soon 
i hope to hear from you soon . 
yours fouthfouly 
yours faithfully 
techology is a bad or a good efection ? what does it offer to us ? how people use modern technology ? let see if we use the modern technology we may have good and bad results . 
technology does technology have a bad or a good effect ? what does it offer to us ? how do people use modern technology ? let's see if we use modern technology , whether we have good or bad results . 
in 18 cetury technology started to grow more and more 20 century named the century of technology . during that time technology made a great step . 
in the 18th century , technology started to grow more and more and the 20th century was named was called the century of technology . during that time technology made a great step forward . 
thechnology helps people . it informs people , hospital use modern technogoly computer helps staders help people do their job . 
technology helps people . it informs people , hospitals use modern technology , and the computer helps staders and helps people do their job . 
but modern technology do a lot of bad thinks . a lot of county buy gans for their safty as they say but they buy them do kill people . 
but modern technology does a lot of bad things . a lot of country countries buy guns , for their safety defence they say , but they buy them to kill people . 
modern technology is effecting people good and bad way . we have to be very careful with technology . technogoly can't never stop going forward so people always go farward but with same effection of modern techology . technology is in our life . 
modern technology is affecting people in a good and bad way . we have to be very careful with technology . technology can't ever stop going forward , and so people always go forward but with the same effection of modern technology . technology is in our lives . 
