december 12th
principal mr. robertson
dear sir , 
i want to thank you for preparing such a good programme for us and especially for taking us on the river trip to greenwich . i would like to know if there is any chance of changing the programme because we have found a very interesting activity to do on tuesday 14 march . it consists in involves visiting the london fashion and leisure show at the central exhibition hall . i think it's a great opportunity to make greater use of our knowledge of the english language . also , we could learn the different ways to get to the central exhibition hall . 
i suggest that we should go to the national art gallery in the morning and instead of having the afternoon free we could go to the fashion and leisure show . 
i will be waiting anxiously for your response . 
yours faithfully
( famous people , such as politicians and film stars , deserve to have a private life without journalists following them all the time ) 
famous people such as singers , film stars , etc , are always the centre of attention . as some of them are considered idols , their fans want to know how they behave in their private lives , with their family or friends . as a response to this demand for information , journalists follow famous people day and night in many different ways , for example , chasing their cars , taking photographs or breaking into their houses while they are on holiday . 
this situation affects famous people because they are not allowed to have any privacy . 
the most important thing is that , although they are famous , they are just normal people that deserve to have a private life without journalists and fans following them all the time , and on the other hand people have to learn to respect the famous the right the right of the famous to keep their personal lives secret . 
in my opinion famous people are being obliged to pay a price for being famous that , in some cases , costs more than they deserve to pay . 
to mr. robertson
i am writing to tell you something about the three-day trip to london . 
i have seen your programme for the trip and i think it is going to be a great trip . thank you very much for organising this trip and putting all your spare time and effort into it . personally , i enjoy looking at and learning about new inventions and all the science . that is why i think the trip to the science museum is a good idea . however , my class and i have seen an advertisement for a fashion and leisure show . we are attracted to this show and would like to go . unfortunately , it is on 14th march , which is the day we will be visiting the science museum . 
this show is on the 14th march . it is in the central exhibition hall and will start at ten o'clock and finish at five o'clock in the evening . apparently , this show is free to all students , which means if we went , the cost of the trip would be reduced . 
i think it is a great opportunity because it is based on fashion . we like to keep up with the trends but i think it will help those who want to become fashion designers later on . 
i have a suggestion on how the programme could be changed . the shopping time could be after the show and the free time exchanged for the science museum . if we go to the show , we can do without the free time . 
please give this your careful consideration . . 
yours sincerely , 
in a country like the uk , we are all bound to have houses . we either own it , or we simply borrow it from other people . we take our homes for granted . think about the people in the poor countries ! they struggle to survive . however , as we approach the future , our homes will start to change . 
have you ever thought about how the changes will affect our lives ? i doubt it . 
there will be lots of differences in our homes of the future from our homes now , but there may also be a lot of similarities . for one , the future home might not be built out of bricks at all ! it may be built out of a stronger substance or a more attractive one , such as glass . non-breakable glass . also , due to global warming , sea levels might rise and the risk of flooding will also rise . therefore , houses will be built on high supports . all domestic appliances such as showers , kettles , lights , tv and curtains may be voice activated . incredibly high security will prevent robbery . 
the future homes will also have many similarities , such as having a separate bathroom , and not having one in a bedroom , or having two floors or having garages . 
it has been a pleasure sharing my thoughts with you . what do you think will happen in the future ? 
dear mr robertson , 
regarding the programme you have organised , is a great idea everything that you have planned everything that you have planned is a great idea , but i would like to suggest something that the students saw in an advertisement . 
it is a good start to go on a sightseeing bus on monday morning , because we can see all the famous buildings in a few hours . it is will be relaxing to go to greenwich in the afternoon looking through over the river . 
the idea of going to the science museum is fantastic . i read about the museum , and it is really interesting for the history of science . after all morning in the museum , it is wonderful and on tuesday doing some shopping , whereas the students have another idea for tuesday . 
on wednesday after we have visited the national art gallery , we can have a chat about our next holiday during the free time in the afternoon . 
the advertisement that the students saw is for a fashion show , but to go to the show you will need to cancel the tour on tuesday and add the show , because the show is from 10 . 00 to 19 . 00 . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely , 
freedom ! 
nowadays the main attraction in the newspapers and on television is the private lives of famous people . 
it is really interesting how people like to know about famous people's lives . without someone famous knowing , photographers take pictures secretly , and try to get money for them . 
sometimes being famous can get stressful , because everywhere they go there are people around them , especially journalists , trying to ask millions of questions . 
famous people deserve to have freedom to do whatever they want , but it is quite difficult to do things in public places , because nobody likes seeing famous politicians or film stars without asking questions . 
on the whole , being rich and famous doesn't always bring happiness , whereas the majority of the population wish they were rich and famous . 
dear mr robertson , 
thank you for organising a good programme , we especially like sightseeing from river trip to greenwich in london for three days . i am writing on behalf of my classmates to give you the information about 'the london fashion and leisure show' which we would like to go to and to suggest offer our opinion . 
we have seen an advertisement in last saturday's 'the times' edition of the show . it will be held in central exhibition hall , london on tuesday march 14 from 10 . 00 to 19 . 00 . firstly , it will introduce the latest fashions connecting millennium . secondly , we will be able to see leisure and sportswear about fashion trend of next year . it would be a fantastic opportunity for the students who study fashion . finally , we can see how to do make-up and create better hairstyles in the show . most of all , it is free for students to enter . 
we would like to know if it is possible to change your programme . we would be grateful if we could go there in the afternoon on 14 march because we are able to go shopping . 
we look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely , 
it was dangerous , but i knew i had to do it . 
whenever i recollect it , i feel self-confident . when i was twenty years old , i had to go into the army . as you know , my country has been separated into two countries ( south and north korea ) . however , instead of going into the army , i was able to apply to join the korea auxiliary police . 
one year later , i was working in kang-nam police station in seoul . suddenly , the burglar alarm came on . so , another policeman and i had to arrive at the accident place quickly . when we arrived at the place where it happened , one man started running away . without any thought , i ran quickly like a swallow . then , he tried to go over the wall , i held his leg . he fell down and we had to stare at each other . after we fought for a minute , i was able to arrest him . as a result , i could go on vacation . when i told my mother , she asked me not to do it again . 
but , i was a policeman . therefore , i had to do it in spite of it being dangerous . 
dear mr robertson
on behalf of the class i would like to thank you for the excellent programme you have organised , especially the idea of visiting a gallery . 
however , we have seen an advertisement for the london fashion and leisure show . it is on the 13th of march from 10 . 00 to 19 . 00 . it is a famous exhibition , where are shown the latest fashions , leisure and sports wear , make-up and hairstyles the latest fashions , leisure and sports wear , make-up and hairstyles are shown . 
we are all very interested in the show because english people have a different kind of life . it is also unusual to have such a great opportunity in our country . 
would it be possible to cancel the museum and the shopping time and to replace them with the london show ? we could go earlier to the museum or on the 15th march instead of in the afternoon during our free time . 
i hope you will consider my request . i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely , 
my dream
it was dangerous , but i knew i had to do it . i had always wanted to swim with sharks . 
i lived in a small village on the ocean . my father was a captain on a huge boat . when i was a child , i used to go with him travelling from harbour to harbour . i grew up through the water world and i couldn't live without it . 
once i was fishing when sharks appeared all around me . i got the strange feeling i could jump and follow them . since this famous experience , i dreamt about that every night . 
one saturday i got into my motorboat and rode far away from the reef . my father was sitting next to me , thinking that i was crazy . some minutes later i was doing it , spending time with the fish , swimming round the sharks . 
i had done what i had never expected to do . now i can die in freedom . 
dear mr robertson
i'm writing to you concerning the london trip that my english class is going to go on in march . 
first of all i want to thank you for the excellent programme that you make made arranged for my class in such a short time . the students are especially happy about the visit to the science museum , which we are going to make on tuesday morning on 14th march . 
the point of my letter is that the students in my class have seen an advertisement for the london fashion and leisure show and they would appreciate it if they could go and see the show . 
the show is going to include the latest fashions , leisure and sports wear , make-up and hairstyles and best of all it is free for students to get in . 
the only problem is that the show is going to take place on tuesday 14th march , so i'm wondering if you can make some changes to your programme . my class think that it is a great opportunity for them to see the show , because tuesday is the last day that the show is going to be showed . 
we suggest to swap swapping shopping on tuesday with the free time on wednesday , so we can see the show on tuesday afternoon . 
i hope that this matter isn't going to cause you any problems and we hope for an answer as soon as possible . 
thank you
the home of the future 
in what ways do you think people's homes will be different in the future ? 
that is a question which many people ask themselves and other people quite often . 
the technology technology is changing very fast and at the same time as i'm writing my article about the future maybe technologists have made a new oven which co-operates with your refrigerator and has a program to make dinner for you every day without you having to do anything . 
what about rooms which can sense your mood and act according to that ? if you are tired for example then your stereo might put some relaxing music on and turn down the light a little bit . the next step might be a robot which would do all your housework , but what would happen to the people ? 
i think that everyone should think not just about the positive side of technology but also the negative . 
the technology technology is good as long as it gives people more free time , but what would happen if free time became your life ? 
dear mr. robertson , 
thank you for giving us the chance to visit london . we are all excited about the programme you've prepared for us , especially about visiting the national art gallery . 
we have seen an advertisement for the london fashion and leisure show in a newspaper . 
we think it could be a great opportunity for us because we'll see the fashion show might shop for leisure and sports wear and all the girls in our class are interested in new styles in make-up and hairdressing . and it is free for students ! 
if you don't mind , we'd like to change the programme a little bit . instead of shopping on tuesday afternoon we'd like to go to this show , which will continue till 7 o'clock in the evening . 
we all expect the trip to london to be exciting and hope to return with unforgettable memories
best regards
your students
the home of the future
our life is changing every day . new technological inventions bring us new cars , new planes , new houses . the future is almost unpredictable . but what if we try to imagine what our house will look like in the next 50 or 100 years ? 
will we all live in the countryside in houses surrounded by forest full of animal life ? or would our house itself be alive ? with new computer technology nothing is impossible . a scientist could discover the 4th dimension and we'd get unlimited space inside the house . 
it is already possible that very soon all household appliances will be voice-controlled . you could tell your wardrobe what clothes you'd like to wear , your hob will cook your favourite meals and your refrigerator will send orders to the supermarkets to buy the food . 
lots of changes could occur in the future , but the main purpose of the home - to provide comfort and safety , a place for you to relax and feel at home - will remain . 
dear mr robertson , 
it is a pleasure to write to you and we want to thank you for organising a school trip to london . we have seen the programme and we all think it will be enjoyable . especially to the science museum because we are all doing science in school . 
recently , some students have seen an advertisement about a fashion and leisure show in london . it will be on the 14th and we all want to go . so , it would be grateful great if you could give us this opportunity to watch the show . 
this is a great opportunity to learn something new because most of us have not been to this kind of show and it is free for students . it will be incredible if we have a chance to watch the show . so could you give us permission to go ? 
we can also suggest how the original programme can be changed . we will have free time on wednesday afternoon . so we can go shopping instead . then , we can go to the show during that period . 
we are all looking forward to your answer . 
faithfully sincerely 
12-12-00
it was dangerous , but i knew i had to do it , because there was a man who had had a serious car accident and i was walking past him . nobody had noticed him because it happened at night and the car had actually crashed into the bushes . 
i was thinking 'what should i do ? ' i hadn't got my mobile phone with me and i was halfway between my school and home . at that time he was unconscious . i kept asking myself ' should i wake him up or try to use my dubious first aid skills to help with him . " i was struggling because i knew if i didn't help him , he would die in a short time . 
i decided to do something for this man . my first move was to check whether there was any solid or liquid which could have blocked his breathing airways . and i checked his body condition . after that i turned on the car's lights in order to warn the passing cars . 
i ran back home for help . i phoned the police and told them the whole story . a strange thing happened to me , when i got back to that man . the car and the man were not there anymore . where could they be ? i was wondering . 
oh , sorry they were not on this road . they were on the next road . 
dear mr robertson , 
i am writing to thank you for the interesting and excellent programme that you have organised , and especially for the opportunity to visit the national art gallery and the science museum . 
i am also writing to ask for your permission to go to the london fashion and leisure show , which will be on tuesday 14 march . it will be a presentation of the latest fashions and of leisure and sports wear . moreover there will be a demonstration of modern make-up and new different , shaking hairstyles . 
i would like to add that it would be definitely definitely be a great opportunity because the tickets will be free for students . 
finally , i would like to suggest that we could attend the show after visiting the science museum , instead of going shopping . 
many thanks in advance for your cooperation . i look forward to hearing from you in the near future . 
yours sincerely
" it was dangerous , but i knew i had to do it , " peter whispered , smiling at me . 
it was a cold , stormy , winter's night outside . the wind was blowing and the heavy rain was drumming against our bedroom window . i could hear an owl hooting in the tree nearby . my husband and i were sitting on our bed . 
peter , my husband , was a tall , strong man in his mid-forties . we used to recount our day before falling asleep . as a postman , peter had to deliver letters around our little village . he knew everybody , including mrs rilke , an elderly , eagle-eyed teacher retired retired teacher , who lived in an old cottage with her five bad-tempered dogs . she had never received any letters , till that morning . 
" she was very angry when i arrived . she stared suspiciously at me through the glasses on the tip of her nose . after i had opened her gate , she called loudly to her five , horrible dogs . i realised i had to run away , but i still had her letter . suddenly i made up my mind , and running as fast as a champion horse i reached her hands and left the letter , then i went away quickly and , fortunately , was just in time to close the gate between me and the dogs ! " 
dear sir , 
i am writing to let you know about some comments and suggestions from some students about the trip you have organized to london . 
first of all , we would like to go to the london fashion and leisure show which takes place from monday 13th to wednesday 15th . it is open from 10:00 to 19:00 and it is for free for students . 
this is a great opportunity because we can learn more about leisure and fashion in this city . if you allow us to go we could change the programme in the following way . 
firstly , on monday morning we can visit the presentation of the latest fashions and in the afternoon we could take a sightseeing bus . secondly , on tuesday morning we can see the leisure wear and sportswear and in the afternoon we can go to the science museum and finally , on wednesday , we can go and see the presentation of different hairstyles and make-up , spending the afternoon in the national art gallery . 
we hope you will consider our suggestions and let us know your answer . 
yours faithfully
the home of the future
if you think of the future you might think of faster and better machines , advanced technology or a better life . all this will happen in the next 50 years , how can we be prepared to receive all these things in our homes ? 
the next 50 years . 
nowadays , our home life allows us to have more free time to spend doing leisure activities like practising sports or going out . in the near future we will be able to do nothing because everything will be done by computers and machines ( the washing-up , hoovering , ironing , gardening , cooking , etc . ) the question is , will it be a better life ? 
on the one hand , we will be able to spend more time with our family and not be worried about anything . no more housework , no more stress , no more illnesses; everything will be perfect . 
on the other hand , life will be boring , a large amount of workers will be redundant and housewives will not have anything to do , which will be extremely boring and tedious . 
what do you prefer ? do you enjoy doing nothing or do you really enjoy what you do ? it is your decision . 
dear mr robertson
i am writing with reference to the london trip we are making very soon . 
i am writing on representation behalf of my group , and all of us want to say thank you for taking us abroad . 
we have seen the activities programme already and we think it is exciting , especially the visit to the science museum . at the same time , we would like to ask you something . 
the london fashion and leisure show is going to be on the 14th of march , from 10 . 00 to 19 . 00 . we are really interested in this show . even though your programme is perfect , we would prefer to go there . 
would you please be so kind as to change some of the activities that are planned ? 
we think it is a great opportunity , because as you know , we don't have access to that kind of show in this city . 
in case you decide to change the programme , we suggest on tuesday going to the show going to the show on tuesday and on wednesday , instead of free time , visiting the science museum . though we dont have shopping and free time . 
we are looking forward to your answer . 
yours sincerely , 
" the right person " 
may 29 , 1997 . it was my first time in london . that night , i went to a pub in bayswater . when they closed , i took the number 7 bus . 
i was living quite close to portobello road but i didn't know the area very well because all the time i just had to get off at the corner of my street . but that day , as i was kind of drunk , i didn't realise that the bus took a different route . so , when i noticed it , the driver was already asking me to get off , because we were in the garage in portobello . i told him i didn't know where i was , but he just said sorry . 
i was really scared . there were some people around but i was afraid to ask them the way . 
at last finally i asked a boy and he said " i'll tell you where the place you are looking for is , just follow me " . 
it was dangerous , but i knew i had to do it . 10 minutes after following him after fillowing him for 10 minutes , i started to know to recognise the place , and i was feeling more comfortable . 
he took me right to the front of my house . i thanked him very much , and i was so happy that i asked the right person and nothing wrong bad happened to me . 
to: the principal of westminster college , mr robertson . 
from: eirini x fce student
dear sir , 
i am writing to you with a request for a change in the schedule of our trip to london . but , first of all , i would like to thank you for the time and the effort you have put in to organize the entire programme . everything seams very interesting and i am sure that we will all have a very good time . 
unfortunately i have to suggest a change for the programme for tuesday the 14th of march . that's because the " fashion and leisure show " takes place that day in london . all of the students - including myself - think of this as a great opportunity that it would be a pity to miss , especially when students can enter for free . 
according to the day's programme , we are visiting the science museum in the morning and we are going shopping in the afternoon . my suggestion is to use wednesday's afternoon free time as an alternative to the shopping . this way we will be able to visit the central exhibition hall on tuesday evening , and see the show . 
i hope that you will find this possible . 
with best regards
it was dangerous , but i knew i had to do it . 
i had to test my limits once again . this is my nature . i had to see how far i could go this time or , to be more specific , how high ! i've always wanted to taste the freedom that birds have , always been interested in listening to my blood pumping in my veins , full of adrenaline , to let myself free , to shake from excitement . 
these were my thoughts when i first saw the advertisement for a " skydive " . i didn't hesitate much . the same afternoon i picked up the phone and i gave them a call . that was it . 
the following sunday i found myself on a plane flying 20000ft from the ground . when the time for the jump came i had some second thoughts . but then i thought of the birds again - of how nice it would be to share their world for a few minutes and i jumped ! 
well , danger is in my nature and life is nothing but an adventure . 
dear mr robertson , 
i'm a student at your college and i am writing this letter for my class because i'm the class chief . 
in the hall outside our classroom we have seen an advertisement for the london fashion and leisure show and we would like to go to the show if is that that is possible . 
we know that we will spend three days in london in a with a determinate programme . first of all we thank you for the excellent programme and especially for the visit to the science museum on tuesday 14th . regarding the london fashion and leisure show we would be very excited to go because it's an extravagant and unusual show with leisure , sportswear and hairstyles . 
as i see from your programme , the shopping trip is at the same time as the london fashion show so i'll make you a suggestion: we'll start in the morning with the science museum and immediately after we'll go to the central exhibition hall without doing any shopping . 
it would be a great opportunity because it's free for students . 
if you don't have problems we attend yours , we hope good answer . 
thank you
i don't think that my house is the house of the future . 
it is comfortable , not too big with a lot of carpets and antique objects , for example , pottery , my bed , and a wardrobe of my grandmother's . 
i think people's homes will be different in the future regarding . regarding the new materials of structures , they will have a lot of computers for doing recipes and doing the shopping while you are at home . 
we will have a relaxing room , with soft light , new age music and a lot of essences . i think that we can't stop progress but if we want we can conserve traditional things . 
the home of the future will be very impersonal and the atmosphere will be cold and very essential . 
1/3/2000
dear mr. robertson . 
i'm a student in an english class which is going to spend three days in london ( 13th-14th march ) and i'm the student representative from my class to thank you for the programme that you've already organised for us . it's really wonderful , especially the river trip to greenwich . we feel we can't wait until that time . 
however , the students in my class have seen an advertisement for the london fashion and leisure show , which will be on 14th march between 10 . 00 to 19 . 00 at the central exhibition hall , london . the show has many interesting parts such as the latest fashions , leisure and sports wear , make-up and hairstyles and we are all agreed that it's a great opportunity for us because most of us are going to study on a fashion and design course next term and the other students are also interested in new fashions . so we think that it will be useful for all of us . 
anyway , we still want to go to the science museum and to shop as well but we think we can go shopping on the last afternoon of our trip . so we will have some free time on the afternoon of the 14th march and we can spend this time enjoying the show . i'm also including the show's leaflet on the back of this letter . what do you think about this plan ? 
i'm looking forward to seeing your programme . 
i believe that everyone in this world has curiosity . we always want to know about others' lives , especially the famous - even the ones that we hate . but we have to accept that everyone has their private life . for example , when we get married or when a policeman stops us on the highway , we don't want any stranger to notice what is happening to us . 
famous people are also normal people like us . just because their jobs are known by everybody , it doesn't mean that we can invade their privacy . they also want to have some special time with their family or their friends . it's not fair for them to have journalists following them and taking their photographs , and some journalists write reports that are not true . we also can't deny that the journalists' job is to know what's going on with these famous people . but it doesn't mean that they have to follow these stars all the time . they should give them some privacy . 
on the other hand , these stars should accept that they are famous people so everyone wants to know about their life . the best way is if they , the famous stars and the journalists , compromise and respect each other's rights . 
dear mr robertson . 
i am writing to express the desire of all the students in my class to visit the london fashion and leisure show at the central exhibition hall , on tuesday 14 march . 
all the students have seen an advertisement for that and they would like to go to the show . i think that will be a very good event , especially the part about the latest fashions , because it is something which affects people of all ages today . 
but also the other parts of the show seem to be very interesting . leisure and sports wear is very interesting . i think that young people are affected by that in the way they dress . 
make-up and hairstyles are also very important , especially for our class , because most of the students in our class are girls . the girls are interested more more interested than boys in make-up and hairstyles and they want to know all the latest news about these things . 
i know that for tuesday 14 march you have already organised the programme , which includes for the morning a visit to the science museum and for the afternoon shopping but we can change that as follows:
tuesday morning until 15 . 00 visit to science museum
tuesday afternoon from 1600 to 1900 visit to the london fashion and leisure show . 
thank you very much . i apologise for any inconvenience and i am waiting for your reply . 
yours sincerely 
famous people , such as politicians and film stars , deserve to have a private life without journalists following them all the time . 
i think that they have a right because they are also people like you or like me and they should have a private life . a private life is very important for everyone , because your job creates stress and you should rest and recharge your batteries for the next day . 
if journalists are following your every step it is difficult to have a private life . 
on the other hand , i believe that journalists are doing their job , but sometimes they try to impress their boss and they are always following famous people in order to discover something new about their lives . 
another thing is the pressure from media owners and the difficulty for someone to find a job these days . 
media owners want to maximize their profits and always press the journalists to find something new . 
to conclude journalists should do their work but without annoying other people . a private life is right to everyone everyone's right and we should all respect that . 
dear mr robertson , 
i am writing with reference to the three-day trip to london . thank you very much for organising the programme , which seems extremely interesting . in particular , the sightseeing by bus should be enjoyable . 
however , my classmates and i also found another fascinating thing about the trip . there is 'the london fashion and leisure show' at the central exhibition hall in london on the 14th of march , which shows the latest fashions , leisure and sports wear , make-up and hairstyles . we all found it exciting and exhilarating . it is a great opportunity to see the show because we are keen on fashions and clothes . in addition , students can go without paying any fees . 
therefore , i wonder if we could possibly change the programme slightly on 14th march . we would like to see the show on tuesday afternoon , instead of shopping . we can go shopping on wednesday afternoon during our free time . 
i would be grateful if you could understand our concern and change the programme on 14th of march . 
i look forward to hearing from you soon . 
yours sincerely , 
famous people , such as politicians and film stars , are always followed by journalists . do they have to give up their private lives ? 
first of all , i think they should accept the fact that they are well known and they should be observed all the time , as we are curious to know what they do and we love to gossip about others . moreover , it might be a good thing that scandals usually increase their fame , even if they do something wrong . 
on the other hand , it is also said that their private lives must not be intruded on , as they are the same as us , human beings . it does not seem possible that we can live without any private life . 
to sum up , although i think they ought to abandon their lives partly when they enter the world of fame , they should take some action against journalists in order to protect their human rights . 
12th december 2000
dear mr robertson , 
the whole class and i would like to thank you for the good programme which you have organised for our trip to london . 
the reason why i'm writing to you is the class and i have seen an advertisement for the london fashion and leisure show on tuesday , march 14 from 10 . 00 am - 7 . 00 p . m . it is a show about the latest fashions , leisure and sportswear , make-up and hairstyles . we all are interested in fashion and hairstyles and it is a great opportunity for us because students do not have to pay and we will know what we can buy on our shopping tour . i would like to suggest to you how the programme could be changed . instead of a shopping tour on tuesday afternoon , we could go to the show and do the shopping on wednesday afternoon in our free time . what do you think about this suggestion ? 
i hope you will understand this kind of matter the . the class and i are looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely , 
in the next few years people's homes will be changing a lot . the first point is we will use more often new technologies like telecommunications or the internet . in the future they both getting closer and closer . that means for example , while you are sitting in the office you are able to control your home with the computer . you can open and close the windows and switch the light on and off . your freezer tells you when you have to buy some milk , eggs or cheese . or , without leaving the office , you are able to heat the water for a hot bath . so in fact people's homes will become more convenient and more comfortable . i think also housewives will receive more help with a robot in the home . but the form and the rooms of a building will still be the same . and of course the furniture of people's homes will not change either . 
dear mr robertson
my name is gabriel and i represent our class . we have seen an advertisement for the london fashion and leisure show and we would particularly like to go to the show . as representative of my class may i kindly ask you to partially change your plan for our visit to london ? 
monday 13 march will be fine . the morning visiting interesting places in the city and in the afternoon make a trip to greenwich , which is excellent . 
because the london fashion show show takes place on tuesday , i would suggest changing your plan . 
there is a very interesting programme for young people like us . they will show the latest fashions , leisure and sports wear , several additional attractions . it would be beautiful if you would agree to change your plan . 
the last day , wednesday 15 march , will surely be very interesting because the national art gallery is a very famous place in london . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely
it was dangerous , but i knew i had to do it . 
it happened on a very lovely day in summer . 
the sun was shining , the channel was clear blue and i was walking by the sea . suddenly i heard somebody crying for help . not studying for too much i ran as fast as i could directly to where i heard the voice . 
i knew i couldn't swim so i realized it might be dangerous for me as well . but at this particular moment it wasn't important to me . the most important thing was a little boy of about ten years old , who was in the water without his parents and couldn't swim . it was difficult for me because i am afraid of water . however i went quickly to him and took him in my arms . he was exhausted and couldn't breathe . in the meantime a man told me he was a doctor and could help the boy . i was very happy that i managed to save the life of the boy . now , when i consider the events , it's clear to me that if i got there a few minutes later it probably would have been too late . 
you should ignore the danger if you are convinced you can save somebody's life . 
12 . 12 . 0 
dear mr robertson , 
i am writing with reference to the programme for the english class that is going to spend three days in london . i have already read the programme , and i like it , i think that the class will like going sightseeing by bus and in the afternoon going on the river trip to greenwich . also , they can visit the science museum , and they can go shopping . on wednesday 15 march they are going to visit the national art gallery , really , i think that is a good programme . 
however , i think as well that the class would like to visit " the london fashion and leisure show " that the class would like to visit " the london fashion and leisure show " as well , it is on tuesday from 10 . 00 am until 19 . 00 pm . they don't need to pay . 
i think it is a good a idea , because they could go afterwards shopping shopping afterwards , when they have some free time . i am sure about that , they will want to visit that place . the programme could be changed just for a few hours , it is a great opportunity for everybody . 
finally , i hope that you understand my personal opinion about the programme , i will understand and accept your personal opinion as well . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely 
12 . 12 . 00
my personal opinion about famous people , is that their lives are good in one way and bad in another way . 
i think that they live their life like that , because they want to live this life . 
they do everything just for money , and sometimes they can make their life easier than it would normally be . it is true , they deserve to have a private life without journalists following them all the time , however this publicity gives brings them money , and a comfortable life . 
famous people , such as politicians and film stars , live happily because they know that being famous means being rich . 
they can travel around the world , buy everything , it is a good life , but at the same time , they must be very good people , because " fame " is just for a short time , nothing lasts forever in this world . 
my personal opinion is that i think they aren't really happy , and they are selfish as well . 
i would not really like to be a famous person , because you are not really yourself , and for me that is the most important thing . 
yours faithfully 
dear mr robertson , 
i am writing to you concerning the three days which we are going to spend in london . 
i would like to thank you for the programme which you have organised for our english class . it sounds very promising , especially the trip to greenwich . 
but there is something else which we would like to see . we have seen an advertisement for the london fashion and leisure show and we would all like to go there . it would be a great opportunity for us , because we are all interested in fashion , particularly in sportswear . 
the show is going to be in the central exhibition hall on tuesday 14th march from 10 . 00-19 . 00 . entry for students is free . i would suggest visiting the science museum , which we were going to do on tuesday , on wednesday afternoon . so that we can go to the fashion show . and if there is anybody who wants to go shopping , he will be able to do it on wednesday evening . 
we are looking forward to hearing from you as soon as possible . 
it was dangerous but i knew i had to do it . for just one day in my summer holidays i planned to do something adventurous . the moment i saw the advertisement about one of the seven wonders of the world , i knew i had to see it . but this was also the moment when my nightmare started to come true . 
my friend and i had just arrived at a small airport in the middle of the californian desert . a man came out from a small building . it was our pilot . he introduced himself and we walked towards a small plane . the doors of the plane were so thin that i thought i could torn tear have torn them . we went inside and the plane took off . it was horrible . i could feel every movement which was caused by clouds or wind . i thought we would die . 
but then , finally , we reached the grand canyon . i didn't know what to feel . it was amazing . we were so near that , i thought i could touch the sides of the grand canyon by reaching out of the plane's window . i swore to myself i would never ever fly in a plane like this again . it was too dangerous , but i knew deep inside i had to see it . 
dear mr robertson , 
i am margherita x from class 3c , who are going to spend three days in london . we had the opportunity to read your programme and we are happy because it is very well organized . we especially like the idea of going to the national art gallery . thank you . 
with this letter i would like to ask you if you would change it because we saw in the london advertiser an advertisement for the london fashion and leisure show . the show is on tuesday , march 14th , from 10 . 00-19 . 00 in the central exhibition hall . they are gonna show going to show the latest fashions , leisure and sports wear , make-up and new hairstyles . 
we all think that it would be a good opportunity to see this show . we are young and we are all interested in fashion . for students it is free it is free for students . 
we thought that we could change the programme this way: we could go to the science museum on wednesday afternoon instead of tuesday . 
i really hope that you are gonna consider going to consider our request . 
yours sincerely , 
my dear brother
it was dangerous , but i knew i had to do it . it was a normal saturday morning . my mam was cooking and my dad was sitting in his chair reading a book . i knew that my brother was at home , although i didn't know where he was . 
i was doing my homework when i heard an explosion . i came out of my room and i saw my brother on fire . he was playing with fire and alcohol in the bathroom . my first reaction was to put him on the floor so that the fire could be put out . he was screaming because he was in such great pain . 
we were shocked ; none of us knew what to do . i called a taxi because my father wasn't able to drive . we went to the hospital and they treated him . 
he had to stay there for three long weeks . since that bad experience he never played has never played with fire again . i really love my brother and i would do anything possible to save him . 
dear mr robertson , 
i'm writing to you in the name of all the students who will go on the london trip . 
first of all thank you very much for your programme , it sounds very interesting and everybody is looking forward to it . 
however , we do all have a request to put to you . 
we saw an advertisement about the " london fashion and leisure show " in the central exhibition hall in london . 
this show is going on all day on march 14th . 
as teenagers we're all very keen on fashion so it will be a great opportunity to go because in our countryside , we'll never get a chance to see a show like that . 
what we are suggesting is to change the programme on the afternoon of march the 14th . instead of going shopping , we could go to the show . anyway , as students we don't have much money to spend on shopping and the good thing is that it won't affect your budget at all as the entrance fees are free for students . 
we hope you consider our request which would be much appreciated by the class . 
yours sincerely , 
why the media are are the media so interested in famous people ? 
because of us ! 
i know that everyone is excited about what happened at michael douglas' wedding or what kind of life the president of the united states is living but sometimes it's going a bit too far . 
those movie stars or politicians may have a lot of money , may do whatever they want but what is the price to pay ? would you like to live a life like that , every time you make a wrong step , the whole world is looking at you , judging you ? it must be very exhausting to have the media around you day and night because you can't be yourself , you have to show your best side and character . 
in my opinion there should be a rule which lets the media approach famous people almost anywhere except in their private home to leave them at least one place to feel safe . 
dear mr robertson , 
many thanks for the programme you have organised . it is really interesting and diverse at the same time . 
there is just one thing i want to tell you : janine and richey have seen an advertisement for the london fashion and leisure show and we all would like to go to the show . 
it is in the central exhibition hall , near the hotel , and it is all about fashion: the latest fashions , leisure and sports wear , make-up and hairstyles . i think it could be very interesting and it is free for students ( which is really good ) . 
it is a great opportunity because this show is only every two years and normally it is difficult to go in . and , as you know we all are interested in fashion . 
in my opinion , i would suggest going to the show instead of the national art gallery because we could go there another time . or going to the show on wednesday wednesday morning and in the afternoon , we can choose between free time or the national art gallery . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely , 
it was dangerous , but i knew i had to do it . i went out of the room , ran as far as i could and started thinking about what this man was doing here and who he was . 
when i arrived in the street it was dark and windy , but i could see a shadow at the corner of the street opposite . by the time i arrived there , he had disappeared . suddenly , i felt very tired and decided to go home . 
my sister was standing , crying and showing the front door . i took her in my arms and opened the door: my mother was sitting in a chair , reading a book , with blood all around her . i finally realized that she was dead . 
the police arrived twenty minutes later , took my mother and checked to see what could be useful to find the murderer : luckily , the knife which he used to kill her was still there and in fact they were able to arrest him . 
they found him two months later and six months later he was in jail . to forget everything , i moved to irkind with my sister to a small house in the countryside . everything was going on , when one day , i went into the house and found my mother sitting in a chair reading a book , with blood all around her . 
dear mr robertson , 
on behalf of my class , i am writing to request a few changes in our london programme which has already been planned . 
my friends have seen an advertisement which is for the london fashion and leisure show fashion and leisure show . it will be held on 14th march . we have decided it would be more interesting to see the latest fashions , make-up , and hairstyles than going to do shopping . we would suggest going to this fabulous show . it is also free of charge for students . 
we will be given a great opportunity to have fun and look around in london . we all thank you for the organised programme . 
i apologise for any inconvenience that this causes you . we would be pleased if you could make a new arrangement in your programme
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely sincerely , 
can you imagine the new house ? 
we spend most of our life in our houses . we like them to show our lifestyle and of course feel ourselves comfortable . 
i can imagine in the future how it would be . it would be much more technological and far less complex . it could be as simple as we think but the imagine of the lifestyle depends on the person . 
on the other hand , it would not be changed . somehow i could say that the main appliances would retain the same working structure . it only just might be changed the design of things such as a triangular talking oven . despite being used in many ways , it could entertain us as well . 
on balance i would accept whatever could make my life easier to live . i wouldn't mind having things talking around me . it would be enjoyable to have virtual friends in my house . although i imagine them in my house in my future , i am sure i would be surprised if i had them . 
dear mr robertson
i am writing on behalf of my english class . 
we have just seen the programme you prepared for our three-day trip to london . 
thank you very much for the many interesting positions in this schedule , especially the river trip to greenwich , which , we are sure , will be very exciting . 
i would like to inform you that we have seen an advertisement for the " london fashion and leisure show " and we have found it very interesting . there will be a lot of show for instance latest fashions , leisure and sports wear , make-up and hairstyles . i would like to say that it is very important for us to be there and it could be a great opportunity , because entrance is free for students . the event is planned for the 14th of march between 10 . 00 and 19 . 00 . if it is possible we would like to ask you to change your programme . we would be able to visit the science museum on wednesday afternoon . we have checked that it is open every day . as you know we are the best students in our school and it would be a nice reward for our work during this year . 
i would be grateful if you would consider our suggestions . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely 
it was dangerous , but i knew i had to do it . it was night and i was alone in my house . 
suddenly i heard a noise from my garden and i wanted to know what it was , but it was impossible to do it . 
the outside lights were broken and i couldn't see anything . 
my dog was very angry . i was afraid that someone was near my house and wanted to get into my house . 
after a few minutes i heard steps near my kitchen window . 
i was very frightened , but i knew that i had to do something . i had no time to call anyone and i had to go to my kitchen to see what it was . 
i stood against the window and i started to listen . i was sure there was someone on the other side of the wall . 
it was terrible . i thought that it was the last day of my life . 
suddenly someone broke my window . i had no time to think . i grabbed one of the pots and hit him on his head . one moment later i called the police . 
he was a thief , who had been looked for for many years . 
dear mr robertson , 
first , all the students and i would like to thank you for this great idea of a trip to london for three days . the programme is very exciting and interesting , especially the river trip to greenwich . 
otherwise , all the class have seen an advertisement for the " london fashion and leisure show " , and we are all interested in seeing this show , this is why i am writing to you . 
in fact this is a great opportunity because we certainly will not have again the chance to take part in a live show , like this one . even more , students don't pay the entrance fee . 
the show is on the 14th from 10 . 00 to 19 . 00 , so i suggest going to the science museum in the afternoon on wednesday , and just having two or three hours' free time after the museum . this is the arrangement that we founded with the other students and everyone had agreed agreed . 
i look forward to hearing some news from you . 
yours faithfully faithfully sincerely , 
it was dangerous , but i knew i had to do it . the survival of my family depended on me . we were a poor family , living in one room five people five people living in one room . my father died during the war and my mother stayed alone with four children . we hadn't enough money to buy food or new clothes and the worst was that my youngest brother was terribly ill , and without money we couldn't take him to a doctor . 
so , one day i decided to rob the bank . for weeks , i had prepared my plan , trying not to forget anything important . everything was ready and i was too . so i knew that the day after would be the right one . 
i got up very early . all the city was sleeping . the weather was cold . when i arrived in front of the bank , my heart was going faster . a few days before , i had found a little window at the back of the building , so i entered in this way and by chance i just arrived in the money 's money room vault . i hadn't ever seen so much money . i took it , the most of possible and went out the same way . i ran to my house and went back to my bed to sleep a little bit . 
when all the family got up , i told the truth and they all promised to say nothing . it was our family's secret . 
dear , mr robertson , 
i am writing to ask for some information about the programme which our class would like to join . there are a few questions which i have asked myself . 
first of all , would you give me an explaination about the london fashion and leisure show ? we think that the show might be a great opportunity for most of us who are interested in fashion and leisure . 
in addition , i would like to get your suggestion about how the programme could be changed on the second day of the trip so that we could enjoy going to both the science museum and the london fashion and leisure show . 
i am grateful to you for offering a well-organised programme , especially , the london fashion and leisure show which is difficult for us to take part in . 
i am looking forward to getting your reply . 
yours sincerely . 
in the middle ages , nobody expected to have electrical goods which would help to do housework . 
it made women free from drudgery , so that they could utilize time for improving themselves . 
as a result , we can observe that the homes of the present have a lot of machines which make home like a factory . 
by contrast , in the future , i guess we would rather go back to the ancient time , owing to have natural life style . we will be unwilling to give housework away . 
being at home doing housework , taking care of their children , might be the purpose of the future life . 
dear mr robertson , one of the reasons that we are writing this letter to you is because we would like to thank you for this short trip to london . we believe that the programme is very good and well organised and we would like to thank you one more time especially for that . 
the other reason i mentioned earlier is a request of from the whole class . we've seen an advertisement in the newspapers , about a fashion exhibition in london on tuesday the 14th of march . that is one of the 3 days that we will spend in london as a college . so we had this great idea , if it is possible of course , we could include this exhibition in our programme . 
the exhibition is called the london fashion and leisure show and it takes place at the central exhibition hall , in london , from 10 . 00 till 19 . 00 . 
the class is very exciting excited about that because the show contains covers the latest fashions , leisure and sports wear , make-up and hairstyles . we believe that this is a great opportunity because it is one of the best shows of the year . also the majority of the class has never had the chance to visit a show like this and the most important and best part is that admission is free for students . and that we thought very good as otherwise we could not afford it . 
so please if it is possible could we make a small change to the programme and move the activities of tuesday the 14th of march to the 15th of march so as to try to combine the 2 days . 
we hope we do not cause any problems with your programme and hope that you will accept our request . from all your class
thank you
" fame " what a word ! ! i'm sure that the people that had decided to meet this word they did not realise that there is a price to pay . i believe that all famous people , such as politicians and film stars , deserve to have a private life without journalists following them all the time for various reasons . 
first of all they are humans like everyone else , so yes everyone wants privacy in their lives . is it is the same right for all of us as human beings . 
of course if you are in the public eye , the reasons why you want privacy are different . because , because if you are a politician , for example , you fear for your life . you need to protect your life from any danger . because 
12th december 2000
dear mr. robertson , 
i would like to thank you for organising a nice programme for us . in particular , going to the museum and the art gallery will be a great opportunity for all of us , as they are world-famous places in london . however , there is something i need to ask you . 
everyone in the class wishes to go to the london fashion and leisure show which will be held on tuesday 14th march from 10 a . m . to 7 p . m . at the show , we will be able to see the latest fashions - leisure- and sports-wear , make-up and hairstyles . it is essential because many people in the class are thinking of studying fashion in future . entrance is free for students so the show is well worth seeing . 
to go to the show , we need to alter the programme . the show is on 14th and lasts a whole day . so , if we could go to the museum by using the free time on 15th it would be okay although we could not go shopping . 
i look forward to hearing from you shortly . 
yours sincerely , 
story
it was dangerous , but i knew i had to do it . 
three years ago , when i was in japan , my parents were both working and neither of them were at home by the time i got back from school . i always had my own key and unlocked the door by myself . 
it was a horrible day , the day i left my key at home ! there was nobody to let me in , no way to contact my parents . what i decided to do was to get into the house by climbing on the roof because i knew one of the windows was unlocked . first , i climbed the tree in the garden . it was okay , because i was quite good at that , but the problem was that i had to jump onto the roof ! it had been raining , the previous day , so the roof was slippery ! i managed to do that although i cut my knee ! i walked on the roof carefully , so as not to slip . i was extremely happy when i got into the house . it was a scary , but thrilling and exciting incident ! 
dear mr robertson , 
i am glad about the three-day trip to london . i have seen your organisation itinerary for the trip . it is really interesting . 
me and my classmates my classmates and i have seen an advertisement for the london fashion and leisure show and we really want to see that . this is the reason that i'm writing to you . 
the show is on 14th march on tuesday . that is the second day of our trip and it starts at 10 . 00 in the morning and lasts until 19 . 00 . my friends told me that if we wake up early on tuesday we can go to the science museum at about 8 . 00 in the morning . your afternoon plan is to go shopping but we can do our shopping on wednesday afternoon because we will have some free time on wednesday . 
i'd like to tell you something about the show . it is in the central exhibition hall and it is free for students . it is a great opportunity for us because when we go there we will learn about the latest fashions news , we will see leisure and sports wear , all the new make-up designers ( especially for girls ) and different hairstyles . 
we are also enthusiastic about your sightseeing in bus and the river trip to greenwich on monday and visiting the national art gallery on wednesday . 
i hope you will consider our suggestion about the trip . 
your student
futuristic designs of people's homes
technology is being improved by human beings rapidly is rapidly being improved . this technological improvement is changing people's lives , behaviour , even their homes . can you imagine ? what will people's homes be like in fifty years' time ? 
i guess there will be more gadgets to make housework easier . maybe there will be some robots to do our ironing , wash our dishes , clean everywhere , hoover , etc . will it make life easier ? maybe yes , maybe no . of course these gadgets will do our hard housework but otherwise we will get lazy , we will lose the skills that we have now . 
now it ( information technology ) is in our life . we can get everything we want to know from computers . it means we don't need to go anywhere to get the information we need . we'll be stuck to our computers at home . whatever we need we order via the computer and someone will bring it . it means we'll lose our social lives life . 
but we can't stop these technological improvements . we should use them in positive ways . when people use technology they should know that it is not everything . they should seek another lives life outside their homes . 
i guess that with technology people will spend much more of their life in their homes . it doesn't seem to me right right to me . our homes should just protect us from dangers from outside . but i believe humans will never forget what they used to be . 
mankind has always been seeking different things . we are learning a lot of things about life and we are practising these things . in the future life will be more artificial than it was . 
our homes will probably be smaller than now , because the human population is growing quickly and people prefer to stay in big cities ( like london , new york , paris ) . it means there will be too many people in small areas . then they will build smaller houses , flats , buildings , etc . outside big cities there won't be any people at all . those areas will just be used for agriculture . 
beyond the near future maybe our homes will be in outer space they . they will be spaceships . we'll travel around space . it is just an idea . 
we live in a changing world . like everything our homes will change as well . 
dear mr robertson
i'm sorry to have to write this letter for to you . 
i need some information about the programme more more information about the programme . because my class want to go to the london fashion and leisure show during your programme and we need some timetables and frieds to go there . your you didn't tell us any detail details about how much the costs for ticket ticket costs to go inside . 
in my class room somary people stay outside london about 50% in my class room and everyone is very worried about how they can stay for three days in london . can you tell us about this ? and we're very exciting excited about your programme . and then we want to know about fashion and leisure in your information for students free . we don't play any ticket and in your information you tell us that on monday morning we are going by bus . could you tell us some detail details about the morning more more details about the morning . and we want to know about on tuesday afternoon you tell for shopping we don't know about where about shopping in london . because in london there get are a lot of shopping places , can you tell us about shopping and the time for spend or day ? 
thank you for any detail more i think we go with you and enjoy a fantastic fantastic programme . 
yours sincerely
in my college butty 
it was dangerous , but i knew i had to do it
if i tell something in the college baby someone like or dislike about my story but i think my story it very good for someone . 
in my college have got a new student every monday and very big college around heir . and we have got three building buildings and we have got a lot of teachers the teachers have got experienced about teaching i think somebody come in my college you fried want to study in my college and you want tall anyone for your college you can't tell for something but you know yourself about college you know just you love it and very like it nobody dislike it somebody tall about class rooms it very big and comfortable . for study my college is really amazing . 
i think my story can tell you about my college and you think you want come for visit or you want come for study in my college it up to you i think if you came you know if you don't come you don't know . about something very good in your life . 
dear mr robertson
thank you very much for organising the programme of our three-day visit to london . the programme looks very good , especially the river trip to greenwich . 
our english class has an additional wish concerning the programme for our trip . we have seen an advertisement for the " london fashion and leisure show " and we would all like to go to the show . we think it is a great opportunity because it only takes place once a year and it is free for students . we would suggest replacing the shopping trip on tuesday afternoon with the visit to the show . we think we would all have another chance for shopping in london sometime later . 
please think about our suggestion and the proposed change to the programme . we are sure this is suitable for all of us . thank you very much . 
best regards
the home of the future
the view from outside will mainly be the same . the houses will look like the houses of today . a simple and well-proven architecture . the difference will be inside the buildings . the doors would be the entrance to another world . . . . 
the fridge , the television , the stove and the hi-fi equipment will be attached to a computer network . every electronic gadget in the future home will be able to communicate with other machines or computers . it will be possible to connect to the internet from nearly everywhere in the house or flat . i'm sure all the things which are based on electronic parts will totally change . also the aspects of security within people's homes . 
but i think there will not be many changes concerning the furnishing of the future homes . all the big and small things which define people's personal environment will be left nearly unchanged - the furniture , the pictures on the wall . . . . 
i suppose our future homes will be a mix of new technologies and good old tradition . it has always been like that . 
dear mr. robertson , 
i am writing to you , on behalf of all the students in my class , to tell you about our wish to change the london programme . i would also like to thank you for the excellent programme you organized for us , and in particular the river trip to greenwich might be fascinating . 
i would like to tell you about the show which we would like to see: it is " the london fashion and leisure show " , which is going to take place at the central exhibition hall in london , on tuesday the 14th march , between 10 . 00 and 19 . 00 . the latest fashions , leisure and sports wear , make-up and hairstyles will be shown on this occasion . we think that this is a great opportunity because it takes place only once a year and , on top of all that , it is free for students . 
we suggest going to the show on tuesday afternoon instead of going shopping ( something that we can do on wednesday afternoon , in our free time ) . 
i hope you will consider our request . 
yours sincerely
it was dangerous , but i knew i had to do it . i had absolutely no choice . we had walked for three hours ( my mother , my two brothers and i ) through the humid and noisy jungle , looking forward to reaching a small but clean house where a nice and friendly family , old friends of ours , used to live . 
the path we were walking on was quite clean and i was feeling really happy and relaxed . . . until we reached a river . there was neither a bridge nor a canoe . the only way to cross it was by walking on a big old tree trunk which was lying down , peacefully , making the only bridge between our side and the other . 
my mother and brothers had already crossed the river , and they were encouraging me to do the same from the other side of it , but i was paralysed with fear . then , i suddenly realised that i had no choice , so i summoned all my courage , took a big deep breath , and crossed it ! it was easier than i had thought ! that day , i learnt that i can even do things which , at first sight , seem impossible to do . 
dear mr robertson , 
i am writing to you about your advertisement for the " london fashion " and " leisure show " . thank you for organising this excellent programme , especially the leisure show , which is very interesting to us . so all of our class would like to go to the show during their three days in london . but there is a problem which i hope you can solve . 
concerning your advertisement , we were pleased to learn that we can do some different activities in london , which include sightseeing by bus , a river trip to greenwich , visiting the science museum and national art gallery and so on . the point is , the london fashion and leisure show will be fantastic . at this we can see the latest fashions , imaginative make-up and hairstyles . what is more they are the leisure and sports wear , which we are keen on seeing . in your advertisement , you have written " the show will be held in the central exhibition hall in london . it runs from 10 am to 7 pm on 14th march . " 
i think it is a great opportunity because i am sure we will enjoy ourselves . but i wonder if the timetable could be changed , which would be perfect . as you know , all of us want to join the programme , so if some students go to the science museum , they will miss the wonderful show . for that reason , i suggest that you could change the activities . in my opinion , we would be better going to the show instead of the science museum and shopping . also we can go to the science museum on 15th march , instead of having some free time in the afternoon . 
i am sorry to cause you inconvenience . i hope it doesn't cause any trouble if you accept my suggestion . 
i look forward to receiving your reply as soon as possible . 
yours sincerely , 
it was dangerous , but i knew i had to do it . because . . . . . 
last night , when i went into my house it was quite silence silent . i felt there might be something that had gone wrong . i found my parents sitting in an armchair . i could see sadness in my father's eyes . my mother came over to me and said softly , " my dear , your father's company has just gone bankrupt' , then she couldn't help crying . when i heard this bad news , i was very depressed because father worked quite hard for his company . my father always remembered his responsibility was providing to provide a good salary to his workers to provide his workers with a good salary , which is the aim of his life . 
so i must find a way to help my great father . one day , i suddenly had a good idea . 'why not go to the stock exchange ? ' i said to myself . almost every day i went there and researched the exchange decline-line , which gives gave me lots of information . finally , i decided to join in the dangerous game , which meant losing everything or suddenly becoming a millionaire . with luck , i won by chance . 
when i , with mixed feelings , went home i found my parents were standing at the door looking very cheerful . 'surely it doesn't mean that they have learnt the exciting news ? ' i said to myself . much to my surprise , they told me in high voices that they never went bankrupt . they wanted to give me an opportunity to do something impressive by myself . now , they are both proud of me ! 
dear mr. robertson , 
i am writing on behalf of our class to thank you for organising our trip to london . our class is very appreciative grateful to you for the excellent programme . we are especially interested in the sightseeing by bus on monday morning and the river trip to greenwich in the afternoon . it is a good idea to include the visit to the science museum and the national art gallery in the morning on tuesday and wednesday respectively . 
however , the students in our class have seen an advertisement for the london fashion and leisure show at the central exhibition hall of london on tuesday from 10 am to 7 p . m . all of us would like to go to the show . it is a great opportunity for the following reasons . firstly , there will be leisure and sports wear and the latest fashions . secondly , there will be exhibitions about makeup and hairstyles . moreover , entrance for students is free . 
we suggest changing our programme a little bit . instead of wednesday afternoon's free time we could visit the science museum . and on tuesday we will enjoy the london fashion and leisure show till 19 . 00 . after we will all be able to go shopping . 
i am looking forward to receiving your positive reply . for further details you can contact me by phone . 
yours sincerely
famous people . what does it mean ? in my opinion , these are the people who stay all the time in our sight in our sight all the time . we are interested in politicians' and film stars' clothes , hobbies , passions and intrigues . there are large numbers of journalists following them all the time , even in their private life . 
in my opinion , each human being has a right to be free . we can go for a walk , go shopping , go to the cinema , get marriage married or divorce divorced . why famous people can't can't famous people do all these things ? why must everybody know and talk about their private life ? the most important thing is that famous people are also normal people like us . they live like us , they breathe and eat like us , they even follow fall in love like us . i think they should have a normal private life without journalists following them all the time and without any exact details about them appearing in the different newspapers' curiouses . 
dear mr robertson , 
i am writing to you on behalf of an advanced class to thank you for having organised our three-day programme from 13th to 15th march . 
we discussed the programme . it would be great to take a trip to greenwich by boat . we all would love to do it . however , we have seen an advertisement for " the london fashion and leisure show " recently . it will be held at central exhibition hall on 14th march at 10 a . m to 7 p . m . . according to the advertisement , a lot of events will take place during the show such as make-up , hairstyles , latest fashions and leisure and sports wear . it would be a golden opportunity to see up-to-date fashion . in addition , it is free for students . 
after consideration , we would like you to reorganise the 2nd day's programme . we are politely asking you . it would be great if you could reorganise this matter at your earliest convenience . 
i look forward to meeting you to discuss this matter . 
yours sincerely , 
hide and seek ! 
nowadays , a lot of celebrities , such as pop , film and sports stars , suffer from the privacy of their lives being intruded on . undoubtedly , their first enemies are " journalists " . 
some people are in favour of covering famous people's stories in depth , because it is interesting and they can forget about their own problems by imagining celebrities' luxurious lives . moreover , they think that celebrities do not have to hide from publicity because it means that they are extremely popular with people and being loved . 
on the other hand , other people are against following celebrities and photographing them every moment . they claim that it is absolutely an intrusion on their privacy . what is more , they insist that as well as celebrities , they are also human beings who want to live without being disturbed and watched . 
in conclusion , there are both advantages and disadvantages to covering celebrities . taking everything into account , the drawbacks far outweigh its benefits . thus , i think that journalists should consider celebrities' lives and put themselves in celebrities' shoes . 
dear mr robertson ! 
thank you very much for your excellent programme ! we like it very much ! but we would like to go to the london fashion and leisure show . it is on tuesday . we think that you would also like to go there , when you know about it more more about it . there will be shown the latest fashions the latest fashions will be shown there . also , we will see leisure and sports wear . 
we know that you want to have another and don't know which one . if we go to the show , we will see many hairstyles . maybe it'll help you choose . also , you'll be glad to know that for students it is free ! so , we think that it is very good for you and for us . 
so , we can change your programme a little bit to the best one . on monday afternoon we have the river trip to greenwich , as you have written in your programme . on tuesday morning we go to the show and after that shopping . and on wednesday morning we go to the national art gallery , and after that we can go to the science museum , in the afternoon . 
our class asks you to think about this programme . we're sure that you will like it very much ! 
it was dangerous , but i knew i had to do it . my best friend told me she had met a boy . she liked him very much . she was talking about him all the time . she told me that he was handsome , kind , and well-understanding ( he understood her from a half of the word ) ; the main thing was he also liked her very much ! 
i believed everything she told me . and said just be careful . but for three days she didn't come home . she disappeared ! we called the police . they advised us to wait . but we couldn't just sit and wait ! we had to do something . after three days of her disappearing the phone rang . i picked up the phone . someone told me if i wanted to see my friend , i must get 5000$ and take it out onto the street . i took some paper , put it into a bag and without saying anything went to my friend to get something that looked like a gun . the friend gave me his toy gun and i went onto the street . there i saw a man and my friend . i showed the man that i had a gun and money . i was surprised that he believed me . of course , it was better for us . i gave him the bag , took my friend's hand and we ran away . after that she told me that the man was the boy who she had met . 
don't believe everyone ! better check , if you are not sure ! 
dear mr robertson
i am writing on behalf of the whole class . first of all , i want to thank you for the interesting programme which you have already organised . it is very good , especially the sightseeing tour by bus . 
however , we saw an advertisement in yesterday's newspaper for the london fashion and leisure show . it takes place on tuesday march 14 from 10 . 00 to 19 . 00 at central exhibition hall in london . there we will be able to see everything connected with the latest fashions , leisure and sports wear , make-up and hairstyles . the entry entry for students is free . 
this is a great opportunity because as you know most people in our class are going to work in this sector so it would be very interesting for everybody and also a kind of education . 
instead of going to the science museum on tuesday morning , we thought we could postpone it to wednesday afternoon . the shopping could be done after the river trip to greenwich but only if we have enough time . 
i hope you will agree with our suggestion and if you have any further questions do not hesitate to contact me . 
i look forward to hearing from you soon . 
yours sincerely
will the home of the future really look different ? it's quite difficult to say , but of course there will be changes . 
for example , if you look back to the forties and compare homes then with nowadays , you can see that they have become more modern , especially the equipment in the kitchen and in the living room . 
in the future it is possible that you won't have to prepare your breakfast yourself , perhaps you will just have to press a button when your alarm clock has gone off . in addition to this , you may have some robots bringing the newspaper to the table , tidying up the house , and doing the shopping . maybe they will also be your life partners . 
the place to spend the night will still be the bed . the living room won't see any big changes , although televisions , stereos and videos will become more modern and perhaps more complicated . 
in general we can see the huge changes we have already had , but who knows exactly what the future will bring for us ? 
let's have a surprise . 
dear mr. robertson , 
i have been asked by my classmates to write to you to suggest a new activity which you could include in the london programme if you like it . 
we are very grateful to you for these three days that we are going to spend in the english capital , especially because you have planned very interesting and different kinds of things to do for all of us for all of us to do . 
however , we all agree that we would like to include a visit to the london fashion and leisure show at the central exhibition hall of london in the trip itinerary . i am sure that if you allow us to go , we are going to enjoy it a lot , learn new facts about english culture and have an opportunity to talk with all those professionals of the fashion . 
it is a very good chance to attend this exhibition to see all the new fashions tendencies , the latest hairstyles and make-up as all of us come from many different countries and do not have the same customs either . 
and another important thing to consider is that for the students the tickets are free . 
as the show is held on tuesday from 10:00 to 19:00 we could go there instead of going shopping in the afternoon . this way , we would visit the museum as you had planned and on wednesday afternoon we could use the free time to do some shopping if we wished . 
well , that is all i wanted to tell you . we do hope you like our suggestion and we can have an agreement to attend the fashion exhibition . 
yours sincerely , 
do famous people , such as politicians and film stars , deserve to have a private life without journalists following them all the time ? 
some people think that they should . they are human beings and they need to keep a little bit of privacy and freedom in their lives to continue like normal people , to feel that they are unknown and anonymous and they do not have to wear sunglasses , hats or caps every time they want to leave home in order not to be recognised . 
this is supposed to make them happier . . . 
nevertheless , if the famous are known everywhere in the world it is because of the people . if they appear often on tv or in films it is because of their popularity , a popularity which was given to them by all us . 
so they need to become famous to be what they want and if the people don't know them , they are forgotten , they die . . . 
to sum up i would like to say that for me it is very difficult to decide which group is right but , for the moment , we should try to respect each other and go in the other's soul to feel like them in those moments we cannot understand them . 
dear mr. robertson , 
i'm writing to you on behalf of all the english class in order to let you know how excited we are about the trip to london and to give you some ideas of other things we are interesting interested in doing in london while we're there . 
first of all , we'd like to thank you for the programme you already arrange have already arranged . it's wonderful because it covers most of our interests . but also we would like to visit the london fashion and leisure show that will be held at the central exhibition hall on tuesday march 14 from 10:00 - 19:00 . so we suggest putting doing things this way on tuesday 14 : in the morning go to the science museum and , instead of shopping , we could attend the london fashion show , because there will be the latest fashions , leisure wear , sportswear , make-up , and hair styles , and as you know , we love all those topics , and it's a great opportunity while we are in london . 
thank you for your time . we're looking forward to hearing from you soon . 
sincerely yours yours sincerely 
it was dangerous , but i knew i had to do it . . . because
i had always wanted to travel abroad and experience other people's lives and cultures , so i decided to go to paris as soon as i finished university . 
i arrived in paris on new year's eve 2000 without a place to stay , not speaking any french , alone and with a small amount of money . but even though in spite of all of these disadvantages , i was following pursuing my dreams and objectives and in spite of everything i was going to do it . 
so suddenly , a week later i found myself a job as an au pair , taking care of two little girls that only spoke french at that time . it took me three months to overcome learn the language and by this time the whole family fell had fallen in love with me , so that when they decided to move to london , they invited me and now we all live here and i feel like part of the family , even though it was very hard at the beginning . 
dear mr. robertson , 
i am writing on behalf of the students in your english class . firstly , we are pleased and would like to thank you for your arranging to take us to london for 3 days . 
unfortunately , some students have seen an advertisement for the london fashion and leisure show and we would all like to go to the show . 
this show will take place at the central exhibition hall in london on tuesday 14 of march between 10 . 00 - 19 . 00 , which includes the latest fashions , leisure and sports wear , make-up and hairstyles . 
it is a great opportunity to visit it because it is held only twice a year and entrance is free for students . furthermore , most of us are designers so this might help to up-date update our knowledge as well . 
therefore , i would like to suggest that on monday 13 and wednesday 14 of march , we still stick with your plan . we might change the schedule on tuesday 14 march , from visiting the science museum to the london fashion and leisure show . 
i would appreciate it if the matter could be settled easily and look forward to hearing from you soon . 
yours sincerely , 
it was dangerous , but i knew i had to do it . i remember when i was in secondary school . at that time , my friends and i were so daring and full of energy . 
one day before an exam , we were so excited and frightened because we weren't ready for the exam . we knew that our teacher kept the exam papers in her desk . one of my friends came up with the idea that we had to steal them . the question was who would be the person to do to perform this action so we tossed a coin , and the result was me . i was so scared and frightened because if i was caught i would be punished . 
however , i had to do it otherwise my friends would call me a chicken and they dared me to do it . 
so , that afternoon at lunchtime , i went into the teachers' room and opened her desk and took the paper out quietly and calmly . finally , i was successful in doing that . i took it to copy and returned it without anyone seeing me . 
that was the most scary and daring thing that i did in my childhood . i can't imagine what would have happened if i had been caught . 
dear mr robertson , 
i'm writing to you to thank you for the programme you have organised . all the students are very pleased and we are looking forward to going to london . we know we are going for only three days , but we'll have enough time to see one of the biggest cities in the world . 
london is the place to be because there is always something happening . 
we are all very happy with your programme , we especially like the idea of going sightseeing by ourselves and visiting the national art gallery . 
the students in my class have seen an advertisement for the london fashion and leisure show , and we would like to ask you if it is possible to make some changes to the programme . 
the show is on tuesday 14th between 10 . 00 and 13 . 00 . we think it is a great opportunity to see the latest fashions , and find out about make-up and hairstyles . and all of it is free . according to your programme , we have the science museum which is in the morning and then shopping . would it be possible to go to the museum and then go shopping in our free time , which is on wednesday ? 
all the students would be very grateful . 
yours yours sincerely 
i think for all of us home is something which is very important . home sweet home . we call home the place where we live or the country where we come from . 
anyway home is always the place to go because it is ours , we feel safe and comfortable there . home sweet home . 
after hard work , we want to go home to have our corner where we are able to rest and relax . 
i think in the future home might be just the place to go to sleep . 
we live in a very busy world ! working long hours , doing plenty of activities , going out , going on holidays . we don't even spend time with our families . probably in the future we may be too busy to go to our own home and spend some time there . 
but at the end of the day it always will will always be the place to go ! we find our family there and our life . some of us have been living in the same house since we were born . we are sentimental and we have memories from the past . i think it's a part of our life . 
sir robertson , 
we really appreciate your organising a very nice programme , which has been organised by you this time . in particular the river trip to greenwich makes us very excited and we are really looking to forward to this . 
by the way , on the 14th of march the london fashion show and leisure show will be held at the central exhibition hall . we are very interested in this . we have a great opportunity to learn about the latest fashions free because we are students . 
therefore if you could change the programme on 14th , we would be very happy . could you consider this for us ? we're looking forward to your reply . 
thank you . 
sincerely , 
your students . 
the home of the future . 
as a developing modern society , we will become to have more material than now . invent glass was very eventually to architect . 
architecture with use of glass brought us modernism in 1980 . 
in the future we can expect to have a new material and it will make our life more comfortable and convenient . in japan , crime among minors is increasing . it is said that one of the reasons is that a small separate room makes children unsociable and disappointed depressed . 
therefore japanese architects consider designing of use a lot of glass as much as they can in house and try not to create separate dark dark separate rooms . 
also as producing new electronic , our home of the future will be more convenient . on the other hand the inside of the house will be very simple . although the height might still be the same , because human height won't change so much , unless 10000 years have passed . 
dear mr robertson , 
on behalf of all the students , i thank you for organizing our trip to london and for the really interesting programme you propose for us as well . it is likely to enrich our vocabulary and our knowledge of english culture . . . however , we would like to suggest something:
a few days ago , we saw an advertisement about " the london fashion and leisure show " , which seems to be very interesting . therefore , after having talked about it , we all concluded that we would be pleased to go there . let me explain to you what it is: it is an exhibition which takes place in the " central exhibition hall " on tuesday and deals with the latest fashions , the different leisure , make-up and so on . . . 
what do you think about our jobs ? it would be very interesting for us as fashion is of great interest for people our age . moreover , you wouldn't have to worry about the price as it is free for students . if you agree , we will only have to change the programme on tuesday afternoon: i mean that instead of shopping , we would go to this exhibition . but i guess that neither we nor you would be against the sacrifice of a " shopping-afternoon " - that we can even have on wednesday during our free time - so that we are able to enjoy the fashion and leisure show . . . 
please , let us know . 
yours sincerely 
the respect of famous people's private lives has always been a hot topic . . . on the one hand , those people are like us in the way that they had a childhood , they got married and had a family . . . the only difference between them and us is the kind of job they are doing , which is literally a " public job " . therefore , why do we have to talk and gossip about them ? ! but on the other hand , the aim of a " public job " , such as politician or actor , is to be known and appreciated by the population . and here comes the paradox : do we have to reveal someone's privacy to judge his work and appreciate him ? well , some people would say yes whereas others would disagree . i guess this is an unanswerable question . . . 
as far as i'm concerned , i would say that famous people made the decision to be followed and tracked by journalists all the time , when they chose to be famous . it's as simple as that ! everyone is aware of the celebrity's predicament so , if they really wanted their privacy , why did they choose a " public job " ? ? even if everyone deserves to have a private life , famous people know and might have made a mistake . . . however , i would add that journalists - being aware of that hard topic - should try to moderate what they write in order to respect other people's privacy; since they would probably not be happy to have their own private life exposed ! 
but to solve this problem , we must think first about its origin . . . " reading the gossip " : isn't it what all of us love doing ? ? therefore we should try to educate ourselves so as to respect other people in his privacy . 
why not ? 
to conclude , i would say that " privacy " and " celebrity " can't go together . it's just a matter of choice: being aware of that problem , everyone is free to become famous or not . . . ! 
dear mr robertson
thank you for the good programme which you have organised . there is only one thing we don't agree with you about , it is the tuesday 14 march . 
we have seen an advertisement for the london fashion and leisure show and we would all like to go to this show . it would be very special for us because we haven't seen anything like that before . there are four different shows . first there is a show with the latest fashions , after they show leisure and sportswear and then there are the make-up and the hairstyles shows . 
the show is not as expensive as the science museum because entry to the show is free for students . 
you see , the programme only has to be changed on tuesday morning . in the afternoon we go shopping how you have organised your programme . in our opinion it is enough to go one time to a museum and it is on wednesday . 
thank you in advance for your trouble . 
yours sincerely
your english class 4a
the home of the future
now , we are in the 21st century . most of us live in houses or flats and it is mostly very comfortable . but in what kind of homes will people live in the future ? what will be different and what won't change ? we will need our imagination to answer these questions but we will never know the right answer . 
i have further ideas . in the future , maybe in 2113 , there will be houses like now but with more technical things . life at home will be easier because a refrigerator which fills itself up or a bathroom which cleans itself . so , people won't have to clean their houses because there will be a machine for all the work . 
but i think that people will although also need a bed and a table with a chair . these things and a lot more won't change or won't be forgotten . so , i think houses will only be more modern and more practical but not very different from our homes in the present . 
this is my idea and we will see ! 
dear mr robertson , 
thank you for organising a good programme for us . all of my classmates are expecting to go to london . i am satisfied with your programme . however i would like to suggest a good idea as a representative of our class . 
we have just seen the advertisement for 'the london fashion and leisure show' . the show includes the latest fashions , sportswears sportswear and make-up . we are very keen on fashions and make-up . moreover , the admission fee is free for students . it would be a great opportunity to study the latest fashion trend . 
it is held at the 'central exhibition hall' on 14 march . , from 10 a . m . to 7 p . m . therefore we could go there after the science museum . if some students want to go shopping , they could go on 15 march , because we have free time on 15 march in the afternoon . 
i hope you will consider my suggestion . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely , 
'a robot wakes me up at 7 a . m . every morning . i am served breakfast with fresh coffee . washing and cleaning have already been done by my robot maid ! everybody might dream about this kind of situation . 
it may come true in the near future . our robot maid will do all of the housework instead of a human . in addition to this you will be able to control all parts of the house by computer such as temperature or vacuum cleaning . 
however , this robot cannot replace a mother or wife . they can clean the house but they cannot give affection to the family . children need parents' love and support all the time . 
to sum up , modern technology will bring lots of changes and our daily lives will be more convenient . but these robots cannot replace a warm-hearted human . 
i am writing this letter because we saw your programme for our next trip to london and we would like to suggest to you just one thing . 
first of all , we would like to say thank you very much for organising our tour around london and our programme , which is considered especially good for us because of the places we will visit . 
secondly , we saw last saturday in the oxfor news an advertisement about the london fashion and leisure show and we would like to know if it would be possible to include this show in our tour . the show is going to take place in the general exhibition hall in london , the thursday thursday thursday the 14 of march , so it could be a good idea to see this show instead of going to the science museum . 
we think that it could be a great opportunity because in one day we can see everything concerning fashionable clothes , new make-up and hairstyles . furthermore it is free for students . 
if you would like more information do not hesitate to contact me . 
i am looking forward to your reply . 
yours sincerely
dear mr robertson , 
the reason for my letter is that our class would like to suggest a few changes to our programme for london , because we have seen an advertisement about an interesting activity that we could include in our programme . 
first of all , we want to say thanks to you because we know the effort you have made organising this excellent programme , but we would really like to go to the london fashion and leisure show we saw in the advertisement . we think that perhaps on tuesday march 14 we could change the time when we go to the science museum , and go to the museum earlier , perhaps at half past eight in the morning , so we could go later , at ten o'clock , to the show , and we could also delay going shopping on that afternoon , because the show lasts till seven o'clock in the evening . and we thought that we could go shopping the next day , because we do not have anything to do on that afternoon . 
finally , we would like to ask you to think about our suggestion . the show would be fantastic . we would learn about the latest fashions , leisure and sports wear , and also learn about how to make up . it's a great opportunity to learn more about fashion . please , let us go to the show , because students are admitted free . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely
i think that the home of the future would probably be better than a home is now . 
in the future , our homes will incorporate the most advanced technologies . computers will play an important part in our daily life , so that we won't go shopping , because via the computer we will be able to buy whatever we want . books will gradually disappear , and instead we will read all the things we want on our computer . we won't have any need leaving to leave home , because the computer will give us everything . 
although computers will give us all the material things , they will not give us things like the feeling of being in your home , have , etc . those things won't change in our home . we will live in our homes with our family , who will give us love . . . that kind of thing will never change . 
in conclusion , in the future home our living conditions will improve , and the computer will be very important for us , but it won't control us , because we still have the most important thing in a home = have . that will be the same as now . 
dear mr robertson , 
i wanted to thank you for allowing us to have this great opportunity to visit london . 
i have read the programme and i find it very appealing , especially because of the river trip to greenwich . however , i have seen an advertisement for the london fashion and leisure show and i was wondering if we could visit it . the show is going to be at the central exhibition hall on the 14th of march from 10 . 00 to 19 . 00 . there will be shown the latest fashions , leisure- and sportswear sports-wear , some make-up and also different hairstyles . the students are admitted free so we won't have to pay for the visit . 
we all think this is a great opportunity to learn more about daily london life and what people like to wear . 
i suggest visiting the london fashion and leisure show on tuesday morning and visiting the science museum on friday afternoon . 
we all hope you will consider our suggestion . 
yours sincerely , 
almost everyone hates other people gossiping about their private lives . it's a natural reaction to be angry with somebody you don't trust for gossiping about you and bothering your personal thoughts . so i think famous people , no matter if they are politicians or film stars , don't deserve to be followed by journalists every time they are trying to have a good time . 
i think that the journalist's journalists' only aim is money , because they know that if they publish famous people's private lives they will earn lots of money selling the magazine or the newspaper . but they don't consider the problems the rumours may cause the famous family or couple . sometimes the journalist's journalists' aim isn't the money: there are some journalists who may try to spoil a politician's or film star's career only because they are jealous . 
in conclusion , no matter what the journalist's aims are , famous people deserve to have their problems , their affairs , their private lives just as normal people do . 
dear mr robertson
i am writing to thank you for the good programme , especially for wednesday , because the other students and i like art galleries . 
but last friday , we saw an advertisement for the " london fashion and leisure show " . now , we want to know if it is possible to go to see this show . it is on tuesday 14th march in the central exhibition hall between 10 . 00 and 19 . 00 . 
we think that it is a great opportunity because it is just once per year and it is free for students . 
we suggest you change the programme . we think that monday and wednesday are good , but we ask you to change the programme on tuesday . if it is possible , we want to go to the " london fashion and leisure show " and not go shopping . 
we look forward to hearing from you as soon as possible . 
yours sincerely
it was dangerous , but i knew i had to do it . 
last july , i went to spend two weeks with my best friend in a beautiful village in the south of france , near saint-tropez . 
we stayed at my aunt's house which was in the centre of the village . in front of my aunt's house , there was a house with a swimming pool , garage and garden . my aunt told me it was a famous french singer's house . 
one night , i heard a strange sound . i looked outside and saw two men go into the house in front of mine . they went into the house through a window . i thought it was some robbers . 
i said to my friend that i wanted to go to see and he must phone the police . i went near the house and waited to see what would happen . 
after ten minutes , one man came out with a big bag and got into his car . when the other man came out , i caught him and fought him . the first man went away because a police car arrived . 
the policeman came to take the burglar and thanked me for catching him . 
dear mr robertson , 
i'm writing to you about our trip which you have organised . 
first of all , thank you for the good programme . we saw the details and were pleased with them , especially the river trip to greenwich and visiting the national art gallery . 
all the students in my class are excited about one more thing . we saw an advertisement for the fashion and leisure show . it will be at the central exhibition hall , london . the date is tuesday march 14 . the show is open 10 . 00 - 19 . 00 . this show is about the latest fashions , leisure and sports wear , make-up and hairstyles . one more thing about the show is that it's free for students . isn't it a great opportunity for us ? 
as you know , there is some free time in your programme . if you don't mind , we can go shopping in this free time . this change would give us the opportunity to go to the show on tuesday afternoon . 
we hope you accept our suggestion . it would make us so happy . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
sincerely , 
a private life
all people have some difficulties with their jobs but some have more than others . the reason for this is that they are famous and everybody wants to know about them . 
having a private life is important for everybody . i think people want this . if you are a famous person , for example a singer , film star , politician or well-known footballer , you haven't got any choice . because people want to learn everything about you , journalists follow you all the time . 
i know they are not like us . they are famous , but i think they need to be alone sometimes . they need to be with their family in peace . this is important for everybody and i think this is important for them , too . 
i think the media must be more understanding . we don't have to know about their every second . we have to remember that they need a private life like us . we can love them without disturbing them too . 
dear mr robertson , 
first of all , i would like to thank you for the wonderful programme you have organised for our trip to london , especially because we will have both cultural trips and entertainment , like shopping . i can tell you that we are all looking forward to going there . 
however , i have been asked by the class to propose to you another visit another visit to you . we would all like to go and see the london fashion and leisure show which will take place on tuesday 14th march , from 10 . 00 to 19 . 00 , in london's central exhibition hall . this show is about the latest fashions , leisure and sports wear , make-up and hairstyles . 
everybody in the class is interested in this show , and it would be a great opportunity for us to see it , especially because many of us would like to work later in the fashion industry . moreover , this show won't cost anything because it is free for students ! 
consequently , i propose we change the programme as follows : on tuesday afternoon , instead of shopping , we could go to this show and we could go shopping on wednesday afternoon , during our free time . what do you think about that ? 
hoping to hear of your decision soon . 
yours sincerely , 
( class 3cd ) 
" famous people , such as politicians and film stars , deserve to have a private life without journalists following them all the time . " 
nowadays , most people think that famous people have a such such a good life ( with lots of money , comfortable houses etc ) that they have to stop complaining about the media's treatment , because they have chosen to have this kind of life . 
on the one hand , it is true because famous people have to do their jobs , that means being interviewed , giving news to the audience public , and so on . moreover , especially with film stars , lots of people are hoping to see them on the tv or in the newspapers , and this is really good for their careers . 
however , on the other hand , it must be so annoying to be followed by journalists or photographers all the time . you can't go outside in peace , and there is always a crowd of people who stand in front of your house waiting for you . 
the question you have to ask yourself is: would you like to have people around your house all the time watching you or people following you everywhere ? i am sure that nobody would like this . 
that is why i think that famous people deserve a private life , like everybody else , and that journalists should not follow them everywhere . 
dear mr robertson , 
i am writing to tell you that my class is interested in going to the show which takes place at the central exhibition hall in london on 14th march . 
we have seen it in an advertisement and i would like to go to the show . i would also like to tell you that it is a very interesting event because it includes all the latest fashions in leisure and sports wear and make-up as well as hairstyles . it is a great opportunity for us because the fashion is fascinating and free . 
i would be very grateful if you could change the programme so as to allow us to go to the show . for example , we would be able to put off our visit to the science museums on tuesday morning till wednesday afternoon . the fashion show starts at 10 o'clock and finishes at 7 o'clock . 
i look forward to hearing from you as soon as possible . 
yours sincerely , 
all people have the right to have a private life without other people disturbing them and following them all the time . 
journalists follow famous people , such as politicians and film stars , in order to take photos and get information about them . after that the journalists sell their information to the newspapers and magazines in order to earn money . 
i think that it is very dangerous because the famous people cannot have a private life and consequently they may suffer from depression and sadness , which may lead them to suicide . 
i think that the government have to protect them and their private life from the journalists , by punishing journalists . i think that the government is responsible for the private life of the people . 
all people have the right to live freely , without being disturbed by other people . 
dear mr robertson , 
i am a student in the english class . all my classmates are looking forward to going to london . thank you so much for organising such a great programme . 
i am writing to you about changing our plan on tuesday 14 march . the students in my class have seen an advertisement for the london fashion and leisure show and we would all like to go to the show . 
the advertisement said it is taking place on tuesday 14 march from 10am to 7pm . 
since the london fashion and leisure show does not take place so often and also they will offer the students for free entrance fee this time , if we attended attend this show , it would be a great opportunity for us . 
for these reasons , we would like to suggest you go to the show instead of going shopping on tuesday afternoon . 
i hope i will hear from you soon . 
i am sure that our trip is going to be great . 
thank you very much
sincerely , 
it was dangerous , but i knew i had to do it . 
otherwise i had to keep walking until the train started . 
have you stayed in a park during the night ? 
when i did that , i was travelling around japan . it was the very last day of my trip and at that time i was in kyoto . 
although i intended to stay at a youth hostel , i could not find any place to stay , and also it was too late to buy a train ticket to go back home . 
it was a windy spring day . 
i was sitting under a full-bloomed cherry blossom tree . inside the dark , i was alone and only the moonlight helped me to see things . i was regretting having risked staying in the park alone . 
suddenly , a strong wind blew up thousands and thousands of petals . 
it was like a dream . 
i saw the pink coloured snow there . 
sometimes when we risk a great danger , it turns into a great experience . 
dear mr robertson , 
i would like first , on behalf of my whole class , to thank you for all you've done for us and for our trip to london . 
we've just been told about your programme and i must say that we all like it ! what i am most looking forward to is the river trip to greenwich; but i would also really like to visit the science museum as well as the national gallery ! this will be very enriching for us ! you must wonder why i'm writing to you , then ! . . . well actually we've just received an advertisement for the london fashion and leisure show , and the vast majority of the class would like to go and see it . this will take place in the central exhibition hall on tuesday 14th march . we thought it would be a great experience for us since we quite don't have such opportunities in our everyday life ! moreover , admission is free for the students so that won't raise the cost of the trip . i thought we should visit the science museum on monday afternoon so that we could do the river trip on tuesday morning just before going to the fashion show ! anyway , we were going shopping on tuesday afternoon so that won't be a problem to my mind ! 
i hope you will consider our request , 
yours sincerely , 
it was dangerous but i knew i had to do it . george was about to be lynched on account of his skin colour . someone had to react . . . i had to react ! . . . otherwise i would have felt responsible for his death , for the rest of my life . 
george was lying on the floor , surrounded by his own lake of blood . he had just been beaten by a group of white men . and yet he was too weak to resist the rats coming from everywhere and eating his face , his legs and his arms , waiting with great impatience for his death . 
he had been chained and no way could he escape from his fate without some help ! the place where i was hidden was overlooking the house where he was kept prisoner . no one was guarding him . they were all celebrating their victory with a gorgeous dinner around the fireplace . i tiptoed as far as the house , carefully opened the door , and headed to george . at the very moment when he saw me , his eyes began to shine and i could feel that he had recovered some hope . i rescued him and we were about to flee , taking back our dignity and freedom , overwhelmed with joy , when we saw a white man , targeting aiming his gun at us , and about to shoot . . . 
dear mr robertson , 
thank you for organising the school trip to london . i am really looking forward to participating in the programme , especially the visit to the national art gallery . however , i am writing to make a suggestion about the trip on behalf of all the students in my class . 
could i suggest that you consider changing the programme ? the london fashion and leisure show is going to take place on 14th march in the central exhibition hall in london . according to the advertisement i have seen , it is supposed to show the latest fashions , leisure- and sports-wear , make-up and hairstyles . it is also free to enter for students . 
it might be a good idea to fit this visit in in the afternoon on 14th march because i strongly believe that it would stimulate our interests in london so that we could study english with greatest greater motivation . even if we do not have enough time for shopping after the show , we will be able to go shopping during our free time on 15th march . 
i sincerely hope this letter will be of some help . i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely , 
i believe that famous people , such as politicians and film stars , deserve to have a private life without journalists following them all the time for some reasons . 
first of all , they are the same as ordinary people even if they are treated as celebrities . therefore , they deserve to lead a normal life as we do . 
secondly , no one has the right to snoop into anyone's private life even if they are journalists . some people might say that we all have the right to know everything happening in the world as one of our human rights . however , i think that they mix them up and that they should think about the right to privacy . 
to sum up , famous people are the same as we are , and we all have the right to lead a private life and no right to intrude on their privacy . therefore , i strongly believe that famous people deserve to have a private life without journalists following them all the time . 
dear mr. robertson , 
i am representing an english class , which is going on a three-day london tour . 
we would like to thank you for organising our programme . we really appreciate your attention . the programme you suggest is versatile and full of interesting activities . we are eager to attend the national art gallery and science museum . 
but we would like to make a suggestion , if you don't mind . we have seen an advertisement for the london fashion and leisure show and would like to go to this exciting show . it will take place in the central exhibition hall on tuesday the 14th of march from 10 a . m . to 7 p . m . 
our students will have a great opportunity to see the latest fashions , as this unique show is held only once a year . what's more , new hairstyles and leisure and sports wear are presented there . and apart from that , this event is free of charge . 
we would be very grateful if you could change our programme for tuesday afternoon . we are thinking here particularly of the fact that we can go to the show , instead of shopping . 
we sincerely hope that you will consider our suggestion . 
sincerely yours , 
we tend to think that famous people , such as politicians and film stars , are very happy and satisfied with their life . but such an attitude is wrong . it is quite obvious that celebrities can't lead a normal life , as they are constantly followed by reporters , which makes their life miserable . 
the first point i would like to make is that the private life of a celebrity is open to the public . i am thinking here particularly of the fact that every event and action is widely discussed in the mass-media . it is common knowledge that such attention inevitably tells on relationships in the family . 
another aspect is that the children of famous people suffer a lot from this attention . they can't communicate with ordinary children or attend ordinary schools . 
and last , but not least , is the fact that famous people can't express their emotions , showing their real feelings to the public . and it tells on their attitude to life and on their character . i would like to stress that very often famous people become reserved , bad-tempered and angry with the world for interfering in their lives . 
i would like to sum up by saying that every person , whether famous or not , deserves to have a private life without being followed or disturbed . 
dear mr robertson , 
first of all , i would like to say thank you to you , mr robertson , for planning to take us to london for three days . 
your programme looks very interesting , especially the river trip to greenwich , which i have always dreamt of . 
however , we have seen an advertisement in an english magazine for the london fashion and leisure show . it takes place at the central exhibition hall in london on tuesday march 14 at 10 . 00-19 . 00 . the show will have the latest fashions from the top fashion designers in the world . the leisure show will have leisure- and sports-wear , new make-up styles and new hairstyle hairstyles for next year . the best thing is that it is free because we are students . 
we would like to ask you whether we can change some of the programme . our suggestion is that we can go shopping on wednesday 15 march so on tuesday afternoon we can go to the london fashion and leisure show . we won't miss any event that you have planned and we could also have a great opportunity to see the show . 
we're looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely . 
" famous people , such as politicians and film stars , deserve to have a private life without journalists following them all the time " . 
in my opinion , everybody wants to have a happy life in our world . we want to do whatever we want . sometimes we do the right things and sometimes we do the wrong things . we are ordinary people . we work and go home to do activities with our family or go out together . 
politicians and film stars also want to have a normal life after work . they want to have a private life without journalists following them all the time . however , their news on the front page of a magazine can catch the eyes of the public so that people will never forget them . on the other hand , their stories always make them embarrassed because most of the journalists create their own story based on the true story just to get the attention of people people's attention . 
i think if the journalists want to publish the politicians' and film stars' private lives , they should ask for permission . they deserve to have a private life like everybody else . 
dear mr. robertson , 
the trip that you have planned for us students is a great chance to meet new people and visit a beautiful city . your programme is excellent because it tries to offer the students the best way to spend their time without wasting time with silly places or events . we'd like to thank you because this kind of event shows how dedicated you are to our school and the students that study there . it's especially great to visit the science museum , because of its exhibitions . 
but there's something that i'd like to ask . the london fashion and leisure show will start on tuesday . it's a great opportunity for us because there will be exhibitions of the latest fashions , of the new hairstyles , and of the new leisure and sports clothes and people teaching how to apply make-up . 
our suggestion is that you could change the day of the leisure time to the shopping in the afternoon . in this way , the leisure time would be on tuesday and we would be able to go to the london fashion show . thanks for your attention and we're waiting for your answer . 
yours sincerely , 
famous people &amp; the media
famous people are special in the eyes of the rest of society . they form opinions and invent new fashion styles . nowadays , the media is expanding its means of communication so they need more information . the media is starting to encroach into the private life of these famous people . 
it's important to respect other people's lives because it can cause serious problems for the family of the person or in his life . if the famous person doesn't mind being filmed in his personal life there's no problem . but if the politicians or the film stars ask for privacy the media has to respect that . everybody likes to be with their family without any reporter or photographer hanging around . 
in summary , the best thing to do is try to extract from these people their best qualities and not try to find things that could irritate them like family problems or personal problems . respect is essential . they deserve to have a private life like any ordinary person . 
dear mr robertson
thank you for organising the trip to london . it is really fantastic , especially the event on 13th march , when we are having a river trip to greenwich . the reason that i am writing is that my class has seen an advertisement for the london fashion and leisure show . it is worth visiting the exhibition and we would like to go there . 
the show is established on tuesday march 14th at the central exhibition hall , london , from 10 . 00 to 19 . 00 . in the hall , there are four important themes; latest fashions , leisure and sports wear , make-up , and hairstyles . this is a great opportunity for the students to learn about the changes in fashion and leisure and it is free . 
i was wondering if you would consider our suggestion about changing the programme . we all agreed that the programme on monday march 13th is wonderful . however , we would like to change the plans on tuesday and wednesday in the morning . on tuesday morning , we will visit the london fashion and leisure show instead of visiting the science museum and we will go there the following morning . visit the visit to the national art gallery should be cancelled because it has a similar idea comparing to the programme that we would like to go on tuesday morning . 
that is all i would like to recommend you do . i would be grateful if you could consider our suggestion and please inform us of your decision as soon as possible . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely
the discussion about whether or not famous people deserve to have a private life without journalists following them all the time is a controversial one . there are people from both sides of the argument who have strong feelings . 
there is a reason why these people's lives should be focused on by the media . obviously , they have a lot of fans and their fans would like to know what happens to them . in addition , their lives may be a good example for other people to follow . sometimes , a lot of people don't know what to do and they should the person who they admire to imitate imitate the person who they admire . 
however , there are some disadvantages that we should consider . firstly , famous people would like to do anything they want to without being focused on by the media . i think it would be annoying if you did something and tomorrow your behaviour would be known by the public . even though , famous people can be a good example , they should be the bad habit for public . a lot of people try to be like people who they admire , for example , buying the clothes that famous people wear . the reason why they know what kind of clothes famous people wear is these people have a public life . to prevent a lot of people from copying too much we shouldn't inform them of all aspects of the life of famous people . 
i agree that famous people's lives should be private . it is of benefit to themselves and the public . 
dear mr robertson
i am writing , on behalf of all my english class , to thank you for the opportunity you are giving us to spend three days in london , but also to suggest some modifications to the programme . 
the programme you have already organised is very interesting , especially because it provides a good combination of cultural visits and more relaxed activities . 
but , on the other hand , we have seen an advertisement for the " london fashion and leisure show " , which includes a range of different stands . the only day we can attend this show is tuesday 14th march from 10 am to 7 pm in the central exhibition hall . 
we are really interested in visiting this unhabitual show and the main advantage is that entry is free for students . 
in conclusion , i suggest that we go directly to the show after the science museum . we all agree that we have enough time on wednesday for shopping . 
i hope that you will agree to this suggestion . i am waiting for your answer . 
yours sincerely 
famous people , such as politicians and film stars , deserve to have a private life without journalists following them all the time . 
famous people have always been the centre of interest for a number of people . their weddings , their holidays , their new haircuts and so on . but do we think enough about the right to have a private life ? 
we can consider this problem from two different points of view . on the one hand , these people chose to become public figures . if we don't want to be in the newspapers , we don't go into politics or the movies ! but , on the other hand , everybody has the right to have a secret garden , the right to be with his/her family without being disturbed by journalists and photographers . the case of princess diana showed how this problem can reach extremes . 
in conclusion , i would say that both parties , famous people and journalists , have to respect some rules . as public people , stars and politicians have to allot some time to their public but fans and press people have to respect their private life and to stay polite and respectful . 
dear mr. robertson , 
i am writing to you to thank you for your programme which will be for us in the next three days in london . in particular , sightseeing by bus in the morning and the river trip to greenwich in the afternoon are exciting activities . 
your programme for tuesday is very interesting . fortunately , there is the london fashion and leisure show , which is held once a year . this show would give us a lot of information about current activities , fashion and what is happening here in london with , for example , the latest fashions , leisure and sports wear , make-up , and hairstyles . 
it is a great opportunity because we will be able to learn about london culture . we can be part of this show and be up to date with style and fashion . 
the admission is free for students . the show starts at 10 . 00 and finishes at 19 . 00 so we can change our afternoon programme to allow us to go to the show at the central exhibition hall instead . 
if you agree , after the science museum , we can have lunch at a restaurant near the museum , then we can go directly from the restaurant to the central exhibition hall . we will be on time for the second show at 13 . 30 p . m and we can enjoy the show until 19 . 00 p . m . 
i am looking forward to hearing your opinion about my suggestion . 
yours sincerely , 
the home of the future
" home " has so much meaning for people . it doesn't matter who they are , where they come from , what colour skin they have . 
home is an institution that creates humans and makes them people and good members of their communities . 
when i think of " the home of the future " , i want to have a home which is built with a new material . if we had a home made out of plastic and also windows made out of plastic we could have our home for a long time . if the door is broken , we can replace it quickly and it is not expensive when it is plastic . 
we have more time to stay together at home , watching tv , playing games , etc . . . . because we can access the internet at home . we can have all the information from the internet . i think it is the best means of education and working when we can stay and learn or work from home . we have more time for the family , who mostly need care and love . 
there will be a number of developments in technology in the future , which could make our life easier to live but what should remain the same is the feeling of being together and love . 
these 2 feelings cannot be replaced by any technology but we can use them to make a better home in the future . 
dear mr. robertson
first of all i would like to thank you for organizing this trip to london , and for taking care of the programme . it is a very good schedule , especially because you have considered different activities for us . 
however , we saw an advertisement , and we are keen on the idea of going to the london fashion and leisure show . it will take place on tuesday march 14th at the central exhibition hall , from 10 . 00 to 19 . 00 . 
personally , i think it could be a great opportunity because it is something we all want to attend , and we are all interested in the latest fashion . we noticed that it is free for students , so the price of the trip will not rise . 
we discussed the programme , and because the show will take the whole day , we would not mind going to the science museum on wednesday instead of having free time all afternoon . 
i am looking forward to having your answer . 
yours sincerely 
it was dangerous , but i knew i had to do it . it was a new challenge , and not only for me , but for everyone there . nobody thought i was capable of doing it . 
i wasn't sure of what to do , and the pressure of everyone watching me was driving me mad . 
finally , i managed to move my right foot closer to the edge . i could hear the crowd shouting 'go , go ' . that was my only chance . only a few more seconds , otherwise my turn would be over . 
i didn't even think of looking down . i was already paralysed , and that wouldn't help me at all . 
then , by some 'strange power' , my left foot was moving and i wanted to stop it , but it was too difficult . 
the clock was running . . tick , tock . . . and suddenly everything stopped . i felt an enormous peace . somehow i managed to jump out of the airplane and i was flying ! 
those minutes up in the air , feeling the wind in my face , were fantastic . . . . and then i was terrified when i couldn't open the parachute ! fortunately , i wasn't alone . 
dear mr robertson
first of all i would like to thank you for the good programme you have organised for our trip to london . in particular the sightseeing by bus the sightseeing by bus , in particular , seems to be very interesting . 
but we would like to suggest something to you : there is a trendy event about the latest fashions , leisure and sports wear , make-up and hairstyles , on the 14th of march . it is called " the london fashion and leisure show . " this would be a great opportunity for us because we are all interested in clothes , sports and fashion . i almost forgot to mention that it is free for students ! unfortunately we noticed have noticed that on the 14th we are already visiting the science museum . the show lasts nine hours , from 10 . 00-19 . 00 , the whole day ! our question now is : could we go to this show ? we could maybe change tuesday's programme to wednesday . we would all prefer to go to the show ; free time is not so important for us . 
please think about this and give us an answer . thanks . 
yours sincerely 
dear jack
thanks a lot for your letter . i am fine but quite busy because i have my german exams . therefore i read agatha christie's " best detective stories of agatha christie " . i can really recommend this book to you . it is fabulous . it is also a suitable present for your cousin , i think . one story is about ten people who stay together in a hotel on a lonely island . there is a storm and they cannot leave . suddenly a murder takes place ! believe me , you would never guess who the killer is ! there is also hercule poirot , the famous detective , and he finally solves the mystery . but i will not tell you any more . you have to read it yourself . and if your cousin likes crime stories it is a perfect book ! 
unfortunately it is quite expensive , 32 . but do not worry about the price because your cousin will love it ! 
okay , i hope to have news from you very soon . have a good time . 
yours sincerely , 
dear mr robertson , 
thank you for the effort which you have made to organize this three-day programme in london and i am sure that we will have a great time there , especially in the national art gallery . 
nevertheless , the students in my class have some suggestions for you concerning how to make it even more interesting . the thing is that we have seen an advertisement for the london fashion and leisure show . it will be held in the central exhibition hall in london on tuesday , 14th of march , from 10 . 00 to 19 . 00 . naturally , all the students are interested in it because the latest fashions , leisure and sports wear , make-up and hairstyles will be shown there . furthermore , students can enter free ! 
we are concerned that this is a great and the unique opportunity for us to see this show , as it takes place only once a year and only in london . certainly , we do not refuse to take part in other activities in london . probably , you will agree to put the london fashion and leisure show instead of the science museum and shopping on tuesday . 
thank you for your attention and understanding . 
yours sincerely
the home of the future
dear reader , 
i have decided to describe my home of the future or , in other words , the place where people will live in 100 years . 
well , i suppose that almost everything in our future house will be automatic and will respond to what people say . perhaps , there will be personal computers which will control everything , every item of furniture , light , temperature . moreover , they will be able to create a special climate for each room . but , on the other hand , people will still have to programme them , as they have to do nowadays . maybe children will not have to go to school , they will just stay in their rooms and study on a computer , gaining some kind of on-line education . all the rubbish , dust , dirty dishes , plates , cups will be washed automatically . it is possible that only one computer will do all this and it will have its own personality , voice , eyesight . . 
this will be your home , another member of your family and your house or flat as well . 
this is my vision of the home of the future and i wish i could live in it . 
dear mr robertson , 
first of all i would like to thank you for the chance to make such a gorgeous trip . we are really looking forward to visiting the city and going to the museum and the gallery . however , there is one point that we would like to change in the programme . 
we are interested in visiting " the london fashion and leisure show " during our trip . the show is very interesting because we could see the latest fashion , hairstyles and make-up , and also the leisure and sports wear . furthermore it is totally free for students . 
all these exhibits are really important and exciting for us because , nowadays , fashion has a huge influence on our lifestyle and we would like to know more about it . 
we think that we could go there on the 14th of march , in the evening , instead of going shopping . this one could be move moved to the 15th in the evening . it is also possible to go to the show in the morning but we totally agree that we don't want to lose our visit to the science museum . 
we truly hope you will consider our change . please contact us if you have any question . 
yours sincerely , 
almost everyone relate relates famous people with photographers , articles , money , fans . . . normally , one person's dream is to be rich and famous but without that stuff about being without privacy
nowadays , there are a lot of people who live only on the money they get from advertisements , reports about their last romance . . . but not everyone does the same thing . on the one hand you find the ones that are well known and never talk about their private life . they use the publicity exclusively for their work . 
on the other hand , there are the ones that are also respectable but , apart from their relations with journalists because of their work , they really need to be constantly sought by photographers . i mean , they enjoy being the focus or the centre centre of attention for everyone , even though it means seeing their lives . 
the media moves the world and famous people use it to improve their work , politicians for their campaign campaigns and film stars to make famous their latest movie their latest movie famous . nevertheless , sometimes the media disturbs their lives in a wrong way . 
dear mr robertson , 
first , thank you for your programme . it is very varied and interesting . we all like it . but last week we saw an advertisement for the london fashion and leisure show . this presentation will show the latest fashions and leisure and sports wear . we would be very interested in seeing english fashion . at this show we could see different new make-up and hairstyles . 
the event is a great opportunity because it is on the 14th of march and it is free for students . for practical information , this show starts at 10 . 00 and closes at 19 . 00 . it will be in the central exhibition hall in london . it is not too far and the opening hours suit us . 
about the programme , we suggest seeing the show on the tuesday morning and afterwards to go going shopping . as far as we are concerned , we prefer to see the science museum rather than the national art gallery . we also suggest visiting the science museum on wednesday morning and in the afternoon , if some of us are interested , we could see the national art gallery . 
i hope you won't be too angry about this change but we would all like to go to the show . 
waiting for your answer , receive our greetings . 
on behalf of the class
generally speaking , homes will change considerably . they will become less dark and more comfortable than today . people's homes will be built more economically by using natural energy like solar or wind energy . these improvements will be involved by the lack of petrol and non-renewable energy . 
about the size of house houses , i think that in cities houses will be more and more small because of overpopulation . we will also see very tall buildings which contain a lot of narrow flats . 
in contrast , in the suburbs or in the countryside , more and more rich people will build big houses . homes like this will be built with the latest technologies and will be very luxurious . 
but about the differences between the homes of the rich and poor , they will be the same in the future . new technologies and facilities won't improve the relationship between people . i think that people will be as alone and jealous as today . 
dear mr. robertson:
first of all our class would like to give you our special thanks for the programme you gave us yesterday afternoon . 
after reading the whole organized programme , we all agreed about the sightseeing tour by bus around london , which will give us the knowledge of this fantastic city we have all wanted to have since a long time ago . 
the main purpose of our letter is to explain about the london fashion and leisure show . we found the advertisement in a local newspaper and have been thinking it could be such a good opportunity , because the show consists of these topics:
. latest fashions
. leisure and sports wear
. make-up . hairstyles . 
on the other hand , and the most important , it is free for students . 
after discussing this , we want to suggest how we think the programme should be re-arranged . instead of going to the science museum , we could go to the london fashion and leisure show , which is open on tuesday , march 14 , from 10 am to 7 pm . after that we could continue our trip as it has been arranged already . 
yours sincerely 
the best detective stories of agatha christie - agatha christie . 
a good book should interest , amuse or teach the reader something . 
agatha christie has always been my favourite writer . not only because she's famous and wrote lots of books , but she knows how to introduce characters and how to tell a good story us though deceiving the readers . 
one of her most interesting and famous works is a novel called " the orient express " . it's a detective story , like all the stories written by her . in other words the story is set on a train which takes a trip along the orient . on the train , all the passengers seem to be involved in a crime . 
this is such a fascinating story and it's the way agatha christie tells it . the mystery is drawn out until the last page of the book . i read it and i have really enjoyed it . it has been a fabulous experience so if anybody would like to read a good detective story , try reading agatha christie's detective story and you won't regret it at all . 
dear mr robertson
i'm writing to you to complain about the three-day programme . 
thank you very much for your excellent programme , and especially for the visit to the national art gallery . all our class like to see the beautiful pictures which were drawn by brilliant artists and painters . 
we saw an advertisement for the london fashion and leisure show and our class would like to go to the show . it starts on tuesday march 14 and we can go there instead of visiting the science museum or going shopping . anyway we can go to the science museum on wednesday afternoon because we have some free time . 
so at this show there will be the latest fashions , leisure and sports wear , make-up and even hairstyles . all our class and i would like to see this show . 
you know what else ? we don't need to pay . it's free because we are students . 
it's a great opportunity because in our fast-developing world we have to look fashionable and this kind of show happens quite rarely . 
i think you'll agree that we have changed your programme . 
as i said we can go to the science museum on wednesday instead of having some free time . i'm looking forward to receiving a letter from you . thank you very much . 
bye 
hello
i'm going to write about " the home of the future " . 
we can't say for certain how people's homes will be different in the future but we can always imagine and create incredible things about life in the future . 
of course there will be differences between today's homes and future ones . i think houses will grow from twenty floors up to the sky as more and more people will occupy them . 
i think more and more people will have at least one flat ; it won't matter if you are rich or not . the rooms will be designed in a futuristic fashion , where there will be less furniture and everything will be compact . even tv-sets will be on the ceiling . the rooms will be much bigger and wider than now , and you will have up to twenty rooms in your own flat , and even be able switching to switch on the light by saying simply : " light " . 
if course if you have enough money to let yourself live in such an apartment , then you can afford it . 
now what's going to be the same ? well as i said , if you're poor , the government will still give you a flat but a very ugly one , probably with rats in it . the same problem will be with homeless people who don't have money at all , even to buy food for themselves . they will have to stay on the streets as the streets are their home . 
i hope and i wish that the future will bring us good moments in life where everybody will have a home and warm , friendly family relationships . 
bye . 
1st . march , 2000
dear mr. robertson , 
thank you for organising the programme for the trip to london . there are a lot of activities that all of my classmates are interested in and they are especially looking forward to sightseeing by bus and visiting the national art gallery . however , i am writing to suggest a special activity while we are in london . 
the students in my class have just seen the advertisement for a show in today's edition of the times . there will be the london fashion and leisure show in central exhibition hall on the 14th of march . it starts at 10:00 am and finishes at 9:00 p . m . 
all of my classmates would like to go there because it is a great chance to see the latest fashions , leisure and sports wear , make-up and hairstyles . besides , students don't have to pay an entrance fee because it is free for students . 
the fashion show is only on the 14th of march , so i would be grateful if you could allow all of my classmates to go there after visiting the science museum instead of going shopping . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely , 
many people think that it is natural for famous people to be followed by journalists all the time because they are famous and everybody is curious about their life . however , in my opinion , famous people , such as politicians and film actors , deserve to have a private life . 
first of all , everybody has rights to keep their own life private , especially when they are in serious situations such as divorce or a family member's or closest friend's death . it is too cruel for them to have their feeling monitored at that time . 
another reason that i agree that famous people deserve to have a private life is that if journalists followed them all the time , it would result in their death . for example , if diana , who was the ex-wife of prince charles , hadn't been followed by paparazzi when she was dating a man , there wouldn't have been a car accident which caused her death . 
to sum up , nobody wants their private life to be revealed in public . therefore , even famous people need their own life apart from the media . 
dear mr. robertson , 
i was asked by my class to write to you . first of all , we want to thank you for having organised a very good programme for the three-day trip to london . indeed , we are especially interested in the sightseeing tour by bus . the river trip to greenwich is also a marvellous idea ! moreover , we couldn't go there without visiting the science museum and the national art gallery . 
however , could we make a suggestion ? having seen an advertisement for the london fashion and leisure show , at the central exhibition hall on tuesday 14th , we would particularly like to go and visit it . how wonderful it could be to see the latest fashions and leisure and sports wear in this city , so famous for that ! besides , as there are more girls than boys in the class , they would certainly enjoy attending on live make-up and hairstyles . lastly , it is free for students , which is fantastic ! 
so , instead of going shopping on tuesday afternoon , we could go to the show . we could go shopping on wednesday afternoon , as we should have some free time . what do you think of this suggestion ? 
we are looking forward to receiving your reply . 
yours sincerely , 
for famous people , having a private life is difficult , especially because we are all interested in their lives . 
on the one hand , i think that some famous people are looking for media attention . indeed , it can be useful for their career . the more they are in the media , the more famous they will be . in my opinion , some of them need to be appreciated by fans , they need to be loved and see themselves on television . however , some others only use the media to come back , because they cannot find a job anymore . they need to be famous again . besides , i think that some stars sometimes call journalists to tell them where they will be , in order to have free publicity . moreover , in my opinion , it is also a good way for them to earn money . famous people are so often asked to give interviews , either in the newspapers or on television , that the outcome is that they want to be paid for it . 
on the other hand , for other famous people , being followed by journalists is the worst element of the fame . in my opinion , it must be so stressful to endure the pressure they are under to be perfect all the time because they could be followed by a photographer . they cannot go to public places , unless they make up disguise themselves and they are ready to sign autographs . they would really like a normal life , either because of their temper or out of regard for their children . nevertheless , they are never left alone , which is a shame . we have to respect them as human beings , which we often forget they are . 
dear mr robertson
i would like to congratulate you on the excellent programme that you have prepared . i think that it is such a good programme , especially because the places that we visit , like the science museum , are very interesting . 
however , the rest of the students and i have heard about the london fashion and leisure show that will be celebrated at the central exhibition hall in london and where the latest fashions will be shown . there we will have the chance to be made up or to try new hairstyles , too . and it has free entrance for students . we think it will be a great opportunity because it will take place during our visit to london , on the 14th of march . we think that , if you don't have any problem , we could visit the science museum on wednesday after visiting the national art gallery so that we could go to the london fashion and leisure show . 
we are waiting for your decision and we will accept it whatever it may be . 
yours sincerely
" the home of the future " 
from my point of view in my opinion , the home of the future will be very similar to the homes that we have today . i think that it will have a similar structure but it will include some new technological advantages like having all the house controlled by a computer so that , for example , we can turn on the lights in the bedroom just by pressing a button while we are watching the tv sitting on the sofa . 
although many people think that the home of the future will be something like a ufo , in my opinion the changes won't be very great , they will probably consist of making the housework easier . the clearest example is to compare a house from the beginnings beginning of the 20th century with our houses . both are very similar but now we have new technologies . on balance then , i think that the houses that we see in films won't really exist . 
dear mr robertson , 
i am writing to you in connection with your programme for spending three days in london . i would like to inform you about the london fashion and leisure show on tuesday 14th march between 10 . 00 - 19 . 00 . i would be grateful if you could include this show in your programme . 
it is very thoughtful of you to take all of us to london . this is a great opportunity for me to explore and experience london myself , especially the london fashion and leisure shows . most of the shows are about fashionable things for students my age . i think it is a good event and suitable for all of us because there are many different kinds of show , for instance latest fashions , leisure and sports wear , how to put on make-up and how to have appropriate hairstyles . 
in my opinion , i think you should organise have this event in the afternoon instead of going shopping and move the shopping slot to the afternoon on wednesday . 
i hope this information will help you to understand and include it in your programme . i trust you to pay immediate attention to my suggestions . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely , 
it was dangerous , but i knew i had to do it . i closed my eyes , took a deep breath and jumped out of the tower . there were hundred hundreds of thai students waiting to do to take this test . i was very afraid of the height and was very nervous . i was given the list of activities while i was taking part in the adventure school schemes at the soldier camps in the north of thailand . there were many tasks that i had to complete ; for instance , climb the mountain , learn how to use various kinds of gun , and how to survive if i got lost in a forest . the last task i had to do was jump out of the high tower . the assistants were the real soldier soldiers and they were very kind and helpful , even though they looked very strict and unkind . it was the hardest time for me because i lived in the city most of my life and i had never known how to survive in a forest and how difficult to work as soldiers . i eventually managed to complete all the tasks that i had been given and i was very proud of this . 
dear mr. robertson , 
i , as a head member of the students who participate in this year's trip to london , would like to thank you for the excellence of the programme you have planned for us . 
in particular , i would have to name the great opportunity you offer to us with the visit to the national art gallery which is one of the most important art galleries in the world . 
london being one of the most multicultural , multiracial cities , we cannot avoid the fact that in these days the london fashion and leisure show takes place in the central exhibition hall ( tuesday march 14th ) 10:00-19:00 . ) . 
based on this i would like to suggest minor changes to the fabulous programme you have offered . these changes will not affect the contents of the programme itself . 
the suggestion is to move the tuesday shopping to wednesday afternoon , which is free , and place there the visit to the london fashion and leisure show , that is , on tuesday afternoon . 
i also would like to remark that this change does not increase the cost of the trip , because the london fashion and leisure show is free for students . 
i want to thank you , sir , for your time . 
best regards , 
the london trip group
" it was dangerous , but i knew i had to do it . " nowadays i remember those exciting days in which danger was knocking at your door every day . it was 20 years ago and we had been friends since we were 10 . in those days we decided to be friends forever and work for nasa . 
i remember it as if it were yesterday . we were both 18 , and we had the university access test already done . the problem was that both of us wanted to go to the same university , the nasa university in houston ( texas ) . of course we hadn't got enough points in the test to do it . 
so , we decide to access our school's main database and change our test results . this way we could obtain rare places at nasa university . 
the task was not easy , at 18 you don't know too much about cryptographic algorithms and databases but anyway we decided to do it . there was nothing to lose . 
it took us two weeks to modify the results in a very complex operation in which we should take care of hiding all our fingerprints . 
the operation was successful . both of us went to the nasa university and nowadays we work for the cia developing secure systems and new encryption algorithms . 
dear mr robertson , 
i am writing to confirm that we have received your programme for our class for the three days of our stay in london and would like to thank you . 
firstly , the whole class is very pleased with the programme , especially with the visit to the national art gallery . we have been told there are a lot of interesting paintings and ancient sculptures there , which we are all keen to see . 
a couple of days ago , my classmates made the suggestion that they would also like to see the london fashion and leisure show in london , at the central exhibition hall , which was advertised in a school magazine , and there is free entry for students . the show includes the latest fashions , sportswear for spare time , make-up and hairstyles . at the same time it would be a great opportunity for most of us because we are going to study " art and design " next year . 
we agreed in the class that we would like to visit this show on tuesday 14 march in the afternoon after lunch instead of going shopping . do you think it is possible ? 
we would be grateful if you could consider our suggestion and hope to hear from you soon . 
yours sincerely , 
to be famous or not to be famous ? 
well , first of all , i think it's quite difficult to be a musician , film star or a politician without being followed by journalists all the time . in my opinion , most of these people are aware of the consequences of fame , like not having a " private life " anymore . as soon as they are famous , they are surrounded by their fans and reporters in every place . i can imagine how annoying it can be sometimes . just imagine that you'd like to go shopping , clubbing or to a restaurant with friends . there's really no way to be together simply with your friends or relatives without being disturbed by the paparazzi . 
on the one hand i can understand how important it is for the journalists to take pictures for the newspaper or magazines they work for . it is the way they earn money , of course . 
but on the other hand i have to mention that they go too far sometimes to get a picture . for example , lady diana . do you think she would still be alive if she and her boyfriend hadn't been followed by those nosy paparazzi ? well , this is an open question to anyone . 
dear mr. robertson , 
i would like to say " thank you " for this plan for a trip to london . we are really excited about it , especially the boat trip on the river this . this is a good idea because we all want to see greenwich . we also like the idea of going to the national art gallery and sightseeing by bus . it seems it's going to be great fun . 
i do not know if it is possible to make any changes to this plan but we saw an ad in " time out " magazine last week about a fashion show which we would like to see . the show's date is very convenient - march 14 - , and it is on in the central exhibition hall so i do not think it would be a problem to get there . 
as you know , we all come from different countries and we are keen to learn some other things about english culture besides the language itself . attending this fashion and leisure show , we will get the chance to see a lot of enjoyable and different things , such as new hair styles and make-up , or what are the fashions in london what the fashions in london are at the moment . 
briefly , we would be happy if we could see this show instead of the science museum . we can find another time to go to the science museum on any other day , but this show is just on this tuesday . also , it's free for students . i hope it won't cause a problem to change the programme . i look forward to hearing from you soon . 
yours sincerely , 
although humans are social creatures , all people need an area in which they can stay be apart from other people . this is essential to renew the energy which is necessary for daily life . also we all like to have some special things and people in our lives to help us to feel different from others . it can be a lover , a hobby or a habit . 
thinking about famous people , we generally tend to ignore this need . i believe this feeling sources from a strange though ; when somebody gets famous , whatever the job is they do , we think we have some kind of right over them . consequently we demand to know every single detail about them and their lives . the press takes this demand as an order , and " but the public wants to know " becomes a nightmare for famous people . 
in fact , what is a need for ordinary people is a more important need for famous people . because they have to spend so much time in front of other people , they are even more sensitive about their privacy . i am quite sure that even the ones who have chosen their occupations just to be famous , don't like to be photographed when they believe they are alone . the situation must be much worse for the ones who have become famous without desiring it . 
obviously , there is no point in saying " famous people have a right to their own life lives . " although this statement is absolutely true , it seems there is no way to stop public attention , so they will have to keep living with journalists . 
dear mr robertson , 
with reference to our trip to london , on behalf of all of us , the english class in this college , we would like to thank you for your special attention in organising a good programme to learn about the interesting and cultural places in london . 
we have been very excited about this and coincidentally we have found another option to add to our programme , certainly if you agree with it . we thought that the london fashion and leisure show would be a great opportunity to give us more information about the main transformations nowadays in england concerning fashion , leisure , sports and lifestyle . 
however , it is your decision to change our programme a little bit . we would suggest just on tuesday afternoon not going shopping not going shopping on tuesday afternoon , and everything else could stay the same . we are really satisfied with the sightseeing by bus , and with going to the national gallery , but the whole class would like to go to the london fashion show and it will be free . 
we are looking forward to your answer . 
yours sincerely . 
i knew , i could die . 
it was dangerous , but i knew i had to do it . this sad and unlucky day was on friday 1998 , but it wasn't 13th even it look like it , but it was my 25th birthday . everything was going so badly and i knew , i could die . 
unfortunately , i've got a brother who likes to live in a dangerous and poor way and i don't know how , but he was able to persuade me to go with him to get some drugs , on my 25th birthday . i was at home making myself up putting my makeup on before going to a restaurant with my friends and , suddenly , he rang the bell . he was so tense with a gun in his hands and i could no longer speak . he took me out with him . 
i had tried to think about stopping him , but he was stronger than me and he had used all his power to scare me and he forced me to buy cocaine using my cheques . i didn't want to , because i've never approved of his dealing drug drug dealing , but i couldn't do it differently . 
the dangerous man who we'd gone to buy drugs off was upset with my brother and had decided to kill him , but i had killed him first . if i didn't do it , i knew i would die . my option was my life , but now i haven't a chance to live because i'm in prison . 
dear mr robertson , 
first of all , i am writing to thank you for organising the school's trip to london . the programme seems to be really interesting , especially visiting the science museum . 
however , the students in my class have seen an advertisement for the london fashion and leisure show , which is going to take place on the 14th of march at the central exhibition hall . visitors will be able to see the latest fashions , leisure and sports wear and also get some help with make-up or hairstyles . 
it would be a great opportunity to see this show , because we are all very interested in the subject of fashion . what is more , admission for students is free . 
do you think that it would be possible to change the programme of our trip ? 
in our opinion we could attend the show on tuesday , after visiting the science museum . it would not be a problem to go shopping on wednesday in our free time . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely , 
famous people , such as politicians and film stars , deserve to have a private life without journalists following them all the time . 
these days , when we can see a picture of a famous person almost on every front page of the on the front page of almost every newspaper , it's quite a common topic . 
first of all , i think that famous people deserve to have a private life . journalists should not follow them all the time , trying to get an interview or take an 'interesting' picture . 
secondly , i can really understand how annoying or depressing it can be . i think that deep inside famous people are just ordinary people and like all of us , having a private life is important for their psychological condition . 
on the other hand , we could say that they decided to have this kind of life . maybe they need to pay the price for being rich and popular ? maybe sometimes they need to sacrifice their privacy ? 
in conclusion , i think that it is very hard to find an answer to this question . however , everyone needs to keep some part of his life secret . 
dear mr robertson , 
i am writing to you about the trip to london . 
thanks for your programme , we are all especially looking forward to monday 13 march because we will see all the monuments in london . 
however , we have got a suggestion: we saw an advertisement for " the london fashion and leisure show " which is going to be on tuesday march 14 from 10:00 to 19:00 . 
for all of us , it sounds like a great opportunity because we thought that this event would make us learn teach us about the way of life in london and english style . . . . 
moreover , the big advantage is that it is a free show so you will not have to worry about the budget . 
our request is to change the programme , either you can cancel all the tuesday and we can enjoy all the exhibition or if you cannot cancel the museum , we can go there right after because we will have plenty of time to go shopping during our free time on wednesday . 
hoping that you will think about it carefully because we are all very excited . 
thanks in advance
yours faithfully sincerely 
since always , medias has been keen of famous people life and it's becoming worse and worse , you can find everything in " gossip " newspapers . do famous people deserve to keep their private life secret ? 
in my opinion , you don't deserve to have a private life when you're famous because when you start your career you know that the media will be hunting you everywhere and the more famous you get the worse it is going to be because that is the lifestyle people want to know everything about , for instance , about their favourite actor or about their president . they saw them many times on t . v . or in the cinema . so people wonder about them . and famous people like it because if you're a star or whatever , it's because you like to show yourself . 
therefore , even if i agree sometimes the medias media go too far and write really bad things , if you're famous you cannot have a private life because all of this is a part of your job . 
and if the medias media are too awful they have got the law to protect themselves . 
dear mr robertson , 
you may be surprised to receive a letter from us . all the students are happy that we will have the opportunity to visit london for three days . this trip would give us the chance to see london and to improve our english . we all like the daily programme for the three days . in the morning , we will have the chance to see some of the sightseeing sights of london by bus , for example , the science museum or the national art gallery . 
in the afternoon , the river trip to greenwich will also be a fantastic experience for us . 
the reason i write to you is that we have seen an advertisement for the london fashion and leisure show , for a few days . it would be exciting if we had the opportunity to go to the show . the show includes the latest fashions in sports clothing and the most fashionable make-up and hairstyles . we all think that the london fashion and leisure show will be a great opportunity for us . 
the show is free for students and we can see the show instead of having free time on wednesday in the afternoon . 
we all thank you for your help . 
we send you our regards . 
the student
nowadays , with the help of the media , famous people , like politicians or filmstars , play an important role in our community . 
it is also normally true that the journalists are after them . they want to get from them all the details of their life , especially regarding their private life . who got married , who got divorced or who has experienced a remarkable change in his complexion , these are questions that most journalists are interested in . 
but what kind of life is it when you can't even go to a restaurant because you are afraid of the journalists who will be waiting outside for you ? it is sometimes a real fight who will take the first picture of a film star or a politician . famous people deserve also also deserve to have a private life . it is a right that everybody among us has . that fact should be respected by the journalists . it is normal when you are a star that everybody wants to know all about you . we shouldn't forget that for this reason the stars want to keep their private life away from the media ! 
i think nobody has forgotten where the curiosity of the journalists ends leads . for example , there was the hunting of princess diana and her friend . i hope that they will be punished for what they did ! 
dear mr robertson , 
i'm writing this letter giving some opinions about the three days that the class will spend in london . i see that you have already organised the programme . 
however , the students in my class have seen an advertisement for " the london fashion and leisure show " and they would all like to go to the show . so i'm writing this letter , asking if you can change the programme . 
the london fashion and leisure show is a special event that is organized once a year . there are the latest fashions , leisure and sports wear , make-up and hairstyles - all things that young people want to see . there is a great opportunity to go there because students need not pay anything . 
i'm suggesting how the programme could be changed . the fashion show starts at 10:00 am and ends at 19:00 p . m . and will be held on 14 march , so we can change the shopping with this event , which is held in the afternoon , and do the shopping at night . it will be a great success ! 
yours sincerely , 
x teacher . 
the dangerous mission . 
" it was dangerous , but i knew i had to do it " . . . 
that was my situation at the time . 
the story had begun two days before . . . 
" the honorable men's group " - dick , nick and i have formed this group . our mission was to steal women's panties . i think that it was very stupid , but it is the most difficult thing that man can do . it proves our bravura to be a man . our first challenge was stealing dick's girlfriend's panties , but we failed . and she broke up the relationship with dick and we came to the conclusion that stealing panties from young girls was very difficult . so we tried to steal adults' panties . nick and dick could prove their bravery stealing their mother's panties . i was the only one that couldn't steal any panties . so i decided to go to my grandmother's house and try to steal some panties . but she was a very angry woman . 
" it was dangerous , but i knew i had to do it " , to prove my bravery to everyone . i had quickly entered my grandmother's room and started to get some panties . i was very nervous and i forgot my shoes . next day my grandmother came and she gave my shoes to my mother . 
that was the most dangerous mission of my life . 
dear mr. robertson , 
i am a student in the fce class and i am writing to you on behalf of my class to thank you for the programme for the three-day trip to london that you have prepared for us . 
we have discussed the programme in our class and the students are very happy about that , especially because we will have the opportunity to visit the science museum and the national gallery . 
last week some students in our class saw an advertisement for the london fashion and leisure show that will be on tuesday the 14th of march . 
we would like to go to this show . 
there will be the latest fashions and leisure and sports wear on show . in addition we will have the opportunity to see the newest make-up and hairstyles . 
we think that it will be a great opportunity for us to see this show because we are all interested in fashion . 
for these reasons , i am asking you if we can go there on tuesday afternoon . 
you can give the opportunity to the students to choose between going shopping or going to the show . the show will be at the central exhibition hall and it will be open until 7 . pm . 
it is even free for students ! ! 
i hope that this change will not cause you too many problems . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely
i agree with this statement . 
i think that famous people deserve to have a private life like all the normal people , without journalists following them all the time . 
a famous person should have the chance to go on his own for a walk without having the annoying impression of being followed . 
in my opinion the journalists should have more respect for the private lives of famous people . they should understand when it is too much , when they are going too far . 
for instance , the tragic death of princess diana is an example of what a journalist must not do . in this instance we can say that the journalists have , of course indirectly , caused her death . 
on the other hand , famous people have to understand that people are interested in their lives . if one is famous , one has to accept also the disadvantages of being famous . 
famous people must understand that the journalists are doing their job . 
in my view prince charles is a good example of how famous people have to deal with the media . when he goes skiing in switzerland he always stops for a while to talk with the journalists and to give the photographers the chance to take pictures . after this break he continues to ski without being annoyed for the rest of the holiday . 
in conclusion i think that there must be more comprehension understanding and respect between famous people and the media . 
dear mr robertson , 
i am writing to thank you for the well-organised programme you have organised . it will be a good opportunity to visit london and interesting places like the science museum . 
in addition it is proper to mention that all the students in my class are interested in going to the london fashion and leisure show , which is taking place on tuesday 14th in the central exhibition hall . 
the london fashion and leisure show is an amazing show because there are parades with the latest fashions . we could see some famous top models . also there will be a variety of clothes either sports wear as elegant designs . also we could see the latest trend in make-up and hairstyles performed by important coiffeurs . 
with your agreement we could change the programme . maybe we could go shopping on wednesday afternoon and on tuesday we could go to the show . 
we would like to have a reply so we are able to become begin making the arrangements . many thanks again . 
yours sincerely , 
it was dangerous , but i knew i had to do it . i never imagined i would have to face this situation . 
i joined an expedition in order to explore the rocky mountains . we planned a route . we arrived at the place in the morning and started to walk . 
everything was marvellous . i got on well with all the partners . the landscape was the most beautiful that i had ever seen . 
the weather was delightful , except for this afternoon when it started to rain and we decided to stay the night inside a hole in the face of the mountain . 
i realised that my bag was outside and i went out to look for it , when a shower of stones covered the entrance of the hole . i was terrified , i knew that the only solution was to ask for help . i walked alone a long distance until i found a telephone . i called the police and they ask for a rescue . 
thank god , everything finished in a good way . and my companions were successfully rescued . 
dear mr robertson , 
i am writing to express my pleasure about the successful programme that you have prepared for our school , especially the excellent idea to visit the national art gallery . 
in addition , i would like to inform you about an advertisement for the london fashion and leisure show , which my classmates and i have seen . we are really interested in the latest fashions and new hairstyles , and also we are keen on knowing about leisure and sports clothes and the girls especially enjoy seeing the different kinds of make-up . 
furthermore , we have been informed that students are allowed to visit this exhibition free . this event takes place in the central exhibition hall in london , on tuesday the 14th of march . 
i would be grateful if you would consider my suggestion . if you agree to a visit to this exhibition , we will spend the day there , thus we should cancel the shopping , but we will be able to purchase some presents the next day , as you have not organised a specific plan . 
i look forward to your answer . 
yours sincerely , 
it was dangerous , but i knew i had to do it . i had to hit a human being and unfortunately , although i respect every form of life , humans , animals and plants , i managed to hit a burglar . 
three months ago , i cannot forget this day , my parents visited my aunt in hospital as she was ill . on this day i was really exhausted as i had been studying for 8 hours . i decided to stay at home and listen to music . i switched off the lights and i was sitting in bed . 
while i was listening to my favourite cassette , i heard a strange noise . immediately i opened my door and . . . i could not believe my eyes ! a short man was standing in front of me ! 
without any warning , he pushed my arms . i shouted as it hurt . i realised that he was very strong . but i was faster and more intelligent than him . i ran quickly and i managed to escape from him , i found a hidden wooden spoon and while he was passing in front of me i hit him . 
to my relief i managed to survive ! 
dear mr. robertson , 
we would like to thank you for this london trip and your programme for it . it is a really good programme , and in particular visiting the science museum and the national art gallery would be a great opportunity to learn about art and the the latest advances in science . 
however , my classmates and i saw the advertisement regarding the london fashion and leisure show , which is enclosed , and want to take this opportunity to visit it , if you allow us . 
it takes place in the central exhibition hall on tuesday 14 march . it will be a great opportunity because it is free for students and we will be able to see the latest fashions in leisure and sports wear , new hairstyles and make-up . 
although according to your programme , we will be visiting the science museum in the morning and shopping in the afternoon , we would like to make a suggestion which can allow us to do both . would it be possible to visit the science museum and go shopping in our free time on wednesday in the afternoon , and instead of that to go to the london fashion and leisure show , because it is between 10 . 00 and 19 . 00 hours . 
thanking you in advance , we very much hope that you will give your attention to our request . 
we look forward to hearing from you regarding this matter . 
yours sincerely , 
one of the most important subjects aims of the media is to inform people about famous people such as politicians , films stars or successful musicians . in order to fulfil their readers' requirements they constantly follow them . this kind of people are known as paparazzi . 
it is not important whether they are working for media foundation or not . they just try to find the best pose . after taking their pictures in the way that these famous people would not allow them , they sell the pictures and make a fortune without asking their permission . this is the most arguing arguable contentious point . do they have to ask for their permission or not ? 
however , if they asked , obviously they cannot could not take the kind of pictures which show them naked or when they are having a shower . maybe they would have to pay for these kinds of pictures . 
on the other hand , famous people have a point if they do not allow the paparazzi to take their pictures , because although they are famous they also have their private life . unless they do not want to share it , this must be accepted by for us we must accept this . i think the best example would be lady diana . it was said that while they were trying to escape from the paparazzi they had that accident they had that accident while they were trying to escape from the paparazzi , which ended their lives . this cannot should not be the way in finding information for the readers . 
dear mr. robertson , 
thank you very much for your programme , but we have another plan - to go to the london fashion and leisure show , which unfortunately is on the same day as the day we would visit the science museum . so we would like you to change the plan a little . your programme is very good , especially as we can go to visit the science museum , which i heard is very good , but a visit to the london fashion and leisure show would be a good opportunity for us to see the latest fashions , leisure and sports wear , make-up and hairstyles and it is free for students too . so we think we should change your programme by going to the science museum on wednesday afternoon and doing the shopping after the show . 
thank you very much and we look forward to hearing from you . 
with great respect , 
it was dangerous , but i knew i had to do it . i climbed up the tree . my friend was looking at me from below . i went on climbing until i saw my friend's model aeroplane . if i hadn't borrowed it from him , i wouldn't have been there . no , it wasn't the time to regret it , just get it and it would be all over . i stretched my arm , the branch i was standing on broke and i fell down on my leg . it was badly hurt . my friend rushed to me , then ran back to my house and called mum . i can't remember anything else until i woke up at a hospital , lying on a bed with my leg in plaster . the nurse sitting beside me said to me , 'your mother would like to have a word with you , ' then she went out . mum came in , looking very angry . i prayed for a short conversation . 
dear mr robertson
i am writing to request your permission for us to visit the london fashion and leisure show on 14th march . 
first of all , i would like to say thank you for this good programme , especially for the decision to visit london . all of us appreciate this opportunity , because most students have never been to london before . also we can visit some famous places which we want to go to . 
however , we would be grateful if you would arrange a time to visit the show as well . this show takes place at the central exhibition hall on tuesday from 10:00 to 19:00 . at this show , not only can we see the latest fashions , leisure and sports wear , make-up and hairstyles , but we can also enter for free . moreover some students think that they would like to do fashion studies in future . if you accept and wouldn't mind this idea , we would like to visit it instead of shopping in the afternoon on tuesday . 
i look forward to hearing from you soon . 
yours sincerely
nowadays , quite a few famous people suffer in their private life from disturbers such as journalists or reporters . i would like to discuss how the media affect famous people . 
a few years ago , we had the terrible news of the death of lady diana . she was always being pursued by the media . she had no private life even though she wanted to be alone . finally , after being chased for a long time , she was killed in a car accident . it must be a good example of a media disaster . i understand she had a good reason to be chased by it . however , she definitely deserved to have a private life as a citizen . human rights must exist for all people . 
on the other hand , there are a few famous people who desire to be watched by the media . if the media stopped focusing on these people , they would think that they have been put in a bin like rubbish . moreover , many people love to watch a gossip programme on tv or in a magazine . it is one of fun in our life . 
on balance , 
dear mr robertson . 
thank you very much for taking us to london . 
this is a big opportunity to discover the capital . 
though however , a few of us would like to consider the " london fashion and leisure show " . 
this is going to take place on tuesday march 14 from 10 . 00 to 19 . 00 . 
could you , if we may ask , reorganise our visit to the museum and also to the shopping centre . however , none of us wishes to miss all the attractions planned in the schedule . 
perhaps we could spend our free time at the museum before going to the shopping centre . 
this is a very important stay over three days . every one hopes to enjoy himself and come back with a lot of knowledge . 
i thank you very much for hearing my request . i apologise for any inconvenience it may cause . i am certain you would think over about that particular visit to " the london fashion and leisure show " . on behalf of all the students , 
yours truly , 
what do famous people want ? 
do they want to be famous and ignored ? 
or do they want to be persecuted by the media ? 
there are plenty of good things about being famous . 
you do not have a precarious life . 
you are rich and beloved loved . 
of course , it does not mean you deserve to be persecuted all the time . 
perhaps we could call it the " rough of the smooth " . 
however , to have your photo taken and shown on television and in the newspapers increases your popularity . 
it is the way you may consider magnificent wages as it should fit your fame . 
i might also be missing the point . 
you might be a princess , a politician or a footballer but are not doing it for any fame . you were born with the talent sometimes or with the title . 
you never wished to be famous so so famous . 
whatever you do , journalists should not follow you every second . 
everyone deserves to be given the right to a private life . 
wawsaw , 12th december 2000
dear mr robertson , 
first of all , we would like to thank you very much for organising such a wonderful trip with an interesting programme . we are all extremely excited , especially because of the trip to greenwich , the town we have always been interested in . 
however , there are many other interesting places and exhibitions to see in london . for example , at the time of our visit there is going to be " the london fashion and leisure show " . it is a coincidence which we would be extremely happy to take advantage of . this is a great opportunity for us to see the latest fashions and famous fashion models who we would like to have autographs from . 
we hope changing the excursion programme a little will not cause any problems . our suggestion is to visit the science museum on wednesday afternoon instead of tuesday because the fashion show lasts a whole day . we are ready to give up our shopping and free time . the show starts on 14th march at 10 . 00 and ends at 19 . 00 the same day . we are sorry for any inconvenience caused by our request . 
yours sincerely 
famous people are living creatures . they breathe , eat , feel and aside from the fact that they are famous they are just the same as anyone else . 
nobody likes to be observed constantly or touched by strangers and pointed out in the streets with no right even to just a little privacy . i personally think the best would be to put the celebrities in cages and let people touch them , point and ask for autographs , like in the zoo . the biggest commercial gain in history , i believe , but celebrities are not animals although they may be sometimes treated the same way . 
on the other hand , they must have done something to become famous . it may , in many cases , not be true but we can suspect that most of them wanted to become a celebrity and they had to know there is no private life unseparately connected to it . 
to sum up , i believe that everyone has the right to keep the privacy of their own homes and even someone extremely famous deserves to have a private life . unfortunately as long as their private life is interesting for ordinary people and it brings commercial gain to publishers , journalists and photographers , famous people will just have to get used to this living " under a microscope " . 
it was dangerous , but i knew i had to do it . 
i knew i would not come to this world again , everyone has only one chance to do whatever they want
i come from a very strict family . you never made on your a own decision a decision on your own , you always had to ask your family's opinion . 
i had always wanted to be a theatre actress . i saved my pocket money to go to the theatre age of 15 . during those years i had met zuhal olcoy . i had seen her every morning when i was going to school . despite the fact that going to school by bus was easier than going by bicycle , i had preferred going to school by bicycle to going by bus . in that way i was able to see her every morning . the more saw her i i saw her , the more determined i became . at last i met with her . she invited me to her play at the theatre . when i went to see her play , i really would love to be an actress . she was the only person who encouraged me to be an actress . 
i had took an exam for people who want to be theatre actors without telling my family . otherwise my father would have killed me and not let me go to school . i would never ever go to school again . despite preparing for the exams , i continued to go to my school regularly . 
now i am a theatre actress . it was my dream . i wish my daddy 
dear mr robertson , 
i'm writing to you because i have been asked to make a little suggestion about the programme you have organised for our english class trip . 
first of all , thank you for the programme , we think it is very good , especially the river trip to greenwich , we believe we will enjoy it a lot going to greenwich . moreover , in our opinion , this trip is going to be very interesting for us . 
on the other hand , we have seen an advertisement for the london fashion and leisure show and we would all like to go the show . we think it is a good opportunity because london fashion is the most important in the world , and we all will learn a lot about london style going to this show . 
we think we could change the shopping to go to the show . the show is free , and it is only on tuesday 14th of march . it is open from 10 . 00 until 19 . 00 , and we could go there in the afternoon . 
thank you for your attention . 
we are looking forward to your answer , 
yours sincerely
thinking about the media's treatment of famous people , i've realised some things . 
in my view the media's treatment of famous people is very bad . the media are looking forward to creating great expectations about famous people . they are not trying to give information , they are only looking to get money , and to entertain the public . 
on the other hand , if the media are acting in that way it is because of society . society it is it is society that increases the audience of the media , if nobody paid attention to the famous people's private lives , this treatment would finish . 
but in my opinion , before you get famous you know what are the consequences . as in another you may know what could happen . 
to sum up , there is no perfect job , and being famous involves a lot of money , but also a lot of journalists following your private life . 
dear mr robertson , 
i am writing you this letter to complain about what you have organized for us for our trip to london . 
first of all , i would like to thank you for your activity programme . i find it really good , especially because of the visit to the science museum and the national art gallery . 
but i would like you to know that on tuesday march 14th in london , there is a show , which is free for students , about the latest fashions , leisure and sportswear , make-up and hairstyles called the london fashion and leisure show . 
all the group would enjoy going to the show , because it is a great opportunity to see an exhibition of the latest fashions . we know that you have planned a very complete programme but we would like to suggest you move our visit to the science museum to wednesday afternoon so that we can go to the show , which lasts from 10am to 7pm , on tuesday . 
thank you very much for considering our request . 
i look forward receiving your reply . 
yours sincerely
nowadays , in our society , there are some people who , because of their work or because of their success in life , have become popular , and by now are known by everybody . but , how does fame affect their lifestyle ? 
politicians , musicians or film stars are watched all the time , from when they wake up in the morning until they go to bed in the evening , by journalists and photographers who follow them and observe all that they do . 
it is certain that these people have fame , fortune and success , and that many of them are rich , very rich . they usually appear on tv , and go to shows and sports competitions . . . but i'm sure that all these things cannot give them back one of the most needed things: a private life . and believe me , there is no money in the world that to buy will buy that . 
but obviously , if these people are all the time in the newspaper , on tv and so on , it is because , although we don't want to accept it , we love following their lives . 
so now , all we should have to ask ourselves is if their damaged lifestyle is in part our fault . 
to mr robertson , 
firstly , i would like to thank you for the programme that you have provided . it is a very good programme , especially the river trip to greenwich , which i am sure the whole class will enjoy . 
however , our class has spotted an advertisement for the london fashion and leisure show and all wish to attend . it will be held at the central exhibition hall in london on the 14th march . it will be from 10 . 00 till 7 . 00pm . the show will be about all the latest fashions , leisure and sports wear , make-up and hairstyles . we would also not have to worry financially as it is free for students . 
this will be a great opportunity for us because we will be able to find out more about the people of london and their fashions and style . we might also get a chance to meet new people and interact with them . the whole class is also very excited about this fashion show and would really appreciate your giving them a chance to go . 
i have a few suggestions on how the programme could be changed to fit the london fashion and leisure show in . we could do as planned for monday and move going to the science museum from tuesday to wednesday afternoon . we would have to forgo the shopping as we might not have enough time and the exchange rate might be too high for us to do much shopping . we can , however , go and look around the shopping mall if we have time after the show . 
lastly , i would be very grateful if you could give us your permission to go to the show . i hope you will consider this matter . i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely , 
every day , something changes and we become more modern . companies use computers instead of books , dentists use modernized electric tool tools instead of just a pair of pliers . even homes are affected . from letters to emails , from gas stoves to electric stoves and microwaves . but we aren't just going to stop here are we ? no , in the future , the present will be the past and those things now new to us will be old , outdated and changed . 
i see a very different home for us in the future . most things will be computerised . we might even be using voice identification and fingerprints instead of keys . we can turn on and off lights with touch pads and remote controls . we might even be able to open the door without leaving the living room . cameras will be something usual in every house instead of that little peephole in your door . 
although all that may happen our houses may be still the same . the rooms and sizes should remain as they were and the living rooms and everything may still be decorated in the same style . we might still like that old carpet and couch . the furniture should not change that much on the outside and the number of rooms should not change either . 
in the future , every child might have a laptop . and instead of going to school , why not let school come to you ? we will be learning at home using computers and discs . they never have they will never have to leave the house or wake up so early . another way our home could be different in the future is probably the utilities we will be using . we might not need maids to do housework anymore as they can easily be replaced with a robot , a machine , or something else with the same purpose . 
our homes will still be the same in terms of the cuisine . it will still be filled with vegetables and meat . this is because people won't give up the great taste of food . although it could be substituted with a vitamin pill or two . 
lastly , i think that all these changes won't really be noticed as we change things daily and slowly instead of abruptly . people will be able to adjust and change with the times . 
dear mr robertson , 
i am writing to you first of all to thank you for the excellent programme that you have given us for the trip to london , especially for planning a visit to the science museum , which we believe is going to be very interesting . 
however , we have seen an advertisement for the london fashion and leisure show and we would like to suggest including this event in the programme . 
the show is going to be on tuesday the 14 of march from 10 . 00 to 19 . 00 and we find it very interesting , because we will have the opportunity to see mews , firstly about the latest fashions , secondly concerning leisure and sports wear and finally about make-up and hairstyles . 
in addition to this , it is going to be a great opportunity for all of us , because for students it is completely free . 
we were thinking that maybe we can go early to visit the science museum and then go to the central exhibition centre , where the event is going to take place ! 
we really look forward to receiving your answer as soon as possible ! 
thank you very much ! 
yours sincerely , 
we have been talking for hours in our class about the media's treatment of famous people . 
of course i must agree with the opinion of my classmates : famous people , such as actors , singers or politicians , deserve to have a private life , but of course it is not always like this ! 
most of the time they have journalists following them everywhere , looking for a great story or interesting pictures to put on the front page of the newspaper , and i don't think this is very nice , but it is the price that famous people have to pay , just because they are popular . 
anyway , this is not always necessarily a problem , but it can be a big thing for the famous person , because it lets gets people talking about him and increases his popularity . 
in conclusion , i can say that this is not the biggest problem that the world has and -- it is not my problem because i am not famous ! 
dear mr. robertson , 
my name is bao-yu liao . i am the representative of our class in your college to write to you . 
we are very grateful for what you have well-organised the programme going to london for us . 
it is a good programme , in particular . in particular the national art gallery is one of the places we would most like to visit . this is because we are very interested in art . 
in fact , some of my classmates have seen an advertisement for the 'london fashion and leisure show' . coincidentally the show is in london and on tuesday march 14 , which is during the period we are in london for the three-day programme . we think it is a great opportunity because we are very interested in art and fashion . of course , we are interested in leisure as well . therefore , if it is possible , we would like to see the show in the afternoon on 14 march instead of going shopping . 
it would be very much appreciated if you could arrange for the programme to be changed . we look forward to hearing some good news from you soon . 
yours sincerely , 
famous people , such as politicians and film stars , deserve to have a private life without journalists following them all the time . we know it does not matter whether they are famous or not ; everyone deserves some privacy . however , as human beings , almost all of us are curious . we like to know and chat about gossip . this is why gossip magazines are so popular . due to commercial value , journalists have to follow them all the time to peep into their private lives to satisfy us . therefore , it is impossible for journalists to stop chasing them . 
however , journalists should not only think about commercial value , because morality and principles are also concerned . of course , if everyone paid less attention or interest , the situation would be better . i remember in august 1997 princess diana dying in the car crash was one of the most disaster disastrous examples . 
although we cannot deny it is our nature - we are curious - we can improve our sense of morality and try to think about the importance of privacy for them . actually , i am happy to hear that journalists have learned their lesson from the death of princess diana and try to let her children and the royal family have more privacy . let's all leave them more freedom to enjoy their private lives . 
basle , 12th december 2000
( your english class n3c ) 
dear mr robertson , 
we have received the programme . we'd like to thank you for organising a good programme , and especially for the shopping tour on tuesday . 
our class is especially interested in the latest fashion and trends . london is a good place for discovering these things . we've seen an advertisement for 'the london fashion and leisure show' and all of us are very interested in it . it's an exhibition of fashions , sportswears sportswear , make-up and hairstyles . we think it is a great opportunity because there are some people in our class who want to study fashion after leaving this school . and every one of us is interested in fashions and clothes ! this exhibition is situated in the central exhibition hall , london . 
we've noticed that the exhibition will be on tuesday , the 14th of march . could we change our programme ? we'd like to do our shopping tour on the following day ( wednesday afternoon ) instead of tuesday afternoon . what do you think about our suggestion ? please write back as soon as possible . we hope to hear from you soon . 
yours faithfully
basle , 12th december 2000
dar oxana , 
thanks for your letter . it's nice to hear from you again . in your letter , you asked me whether the book i've read would be a suitable present for your cousin's fifteenth birthday . it's my pleasure to write my suggestion for you now ! 
you know i love reading books , it's my passion . i've read all the books of the english author ernest hemingway . they are great i tell you ! but i think your cousin is too young for them . why ? because he especially concentrates on the history , society and political situation of the time the story is set . that can be quite difficult to understand , especially for young people . for me , his books are great . but anyway , do you know the book with the title 'the best detective stories of agatha christie' ? it's written by agatha christie . she's an american and her books concentrate on crime and detective stories . her books aren't difficult to understand . she writes books especially for young people . and i think this book is a very good one for your cousin . you wrote that your cousin is quite interested in magic , detectives and sport , didn't you ? i think this is the best choice for him ! 
i've sent you a copy of the summary from the book and an interesting article about the author and the book . please read it and write your comments . i hope to hear from you soon ! have fun with it and say hello to your cousin ! see you soon ! 
love , 
dear mr robertson , 
i'd like thank you for taking us on a trip to london and have prepared having prepared such a good programme , especially the river trip to greenwich . 
there will also be " the london fashion and leisure show " on the 14th of march , which consists of an exhibition of the latest fashions , leisure and sports wear , make-up and hairstyles . it will be free for us as we are students . 
as you know , we are in england to learn your language and also to learn about your lifestyle , and we thought this show would be a good opportunity for us to discover this aspect of your country ! 
may i suggest an alternative plan ? we could go to the science museum on wednesday morning and to the national art gallery too . we only need wake up earlier and take part of the lunchtime to do both the same morning , but that would allow us to go to the show on tuesday , because we can use wednesday's free time to do our shopping . i hope that my idea suit suits is acceptable to you and you'll agree . 
sincerely , 
tuesday , 12th december
dear annette , 
thank you for your letter , as usual , it's a pleasure to receive news from you . 
i understand that you're looking for a birthday present for your cousin , and you'd like to give her a book , which , i think , is a good idea . the last book i read was wuthering heights by emilie bront . it's a fantastic book , which i recommend to everybody keen on love stories . it's a perfect combination of passion and life's difficulties . i reckon that it's not an easy read , but as you described your cousin , i think she really will enjoy it , she's so good at literacy literature that it won't be a problem for her . i really think you should choose this one for her , it does go with her personality . it'll be a good point for her general education . wuthering heights is a classic , which everybody knows about , even if they haven't read it , they at least know the story . 
let me know what would be your choice . 
love from 
12 . 12 . 2000
dear mr robertson , 
i am writing to ask permission to go to the london fashion and leisure show . i would be very grateful if you could let us go to the show . 
i would like to give you some details about the show that i saw in an advertisement yesterday . it is at the central exhibition hall in london . it starts at 10 . 00 am and finishes at 19 . 00 pm . the date of the show is tuesday the 14th of march . it will be a really great opportunity to go to the show when we are in london . we would like to go there because it is very popular nowadays . i've heard that the leisure and sports wear , make-up and hairstyles are really wonderful . it is also free for students . we all know that you have organised everything . however , we can change the programme . here are some suggestions that i would like to let you have . we have some free time on wednesday the 15th of march in the afternoon so we can go to the science museum on wednesday . we can also do our shopping quickly after sightseeing in london . 
i would be very pleased if you let us go to the show . i also would like to say thank you for organising an excellent programme for us . i look forward to hearing from you soon . 
yours sincerely , 
a day in my life
it was dangerous , but i knew i had to do it . 
that day , i got up early because i hadn't slept very well . i checked everything again and again . i was afraid to do it but i had to do it . it was the first time i had robbed a bank . i was her best friend . i promised her i would find the money for her operation . she was at the hospital and she was really bad . 
at that time , i couldn't imagine how my life would change . after i had had my breakfast i put my clothes on . i didn't want anybody to recognise me . despite feeling really bad i left home . i got into my car and started it . when i arrived at the bank i got out of the car and went into the bank . i told everybody to lie down . they did it . i asked the cashier to give me all the money . before i took the money one of the cashiers had pressed a button to call the police . i quickly left the bank . 
however , it didn't take long for them to catch me . the policeman arrested me and i was in prison for 15 years . the worst thing was my friend died 10 days after i was arrested . 
dear mr robertson , 
i am writing about our class trip to london . first of all , i appreciate your well-organised programme , especially the " river trip to greenwich " which we requested . it will be the most exciting activity on this trip . 
however , i saw the advertisement for " the london fashion and leisure show " in the newspaper today , and told all our classmates about it . we are very interested in going to this show . so i would like to suggest you change part of the programme so we can visit this show . 
this show will be held in the central exhibition hall , london on tue . 14 , march , and is open from 10:00 to 19:00 . we can see the latest fashions , leisure and sports wear , make-up , and hairstyles which we will learn about next term . therefore , i think it is a great idea to visit the show for our education . furthermore , admission is free for students . 
unfortunately , our programme is fixed but i think we could change part of the programme . for example , " shopping on 14 march' can be changed to 15 march instead of " free time " . so we will be able to use the time in the afternoon on 14 march for visiting the show . 
i hope that you will give us an opportunity to visit the show . i look forward to hearing from you soon . 
yours sincerely , 
some people have said that famous people such as politicians , and film stars , need to have a private life without journalists following them all the time . i strongly agree with this . firstly , most people can remember the sad story of " princess diana " . she died in paris a few years ago while she was escaping from lots of journalists called " paparazzi " . if she had not been followed by journalists , she wouldn't have died . so , this fact shows obviously that famous people without a private life can become victims . 
but on the other hand , ordinary people , including me , are keen on watching film stars or super models . moreover , people are interested in their lifestyle . i think that is the reason why journalists are still chasing famous people after " princess diana's " accident . 
however , secondly , famous people are not " alien " so they might do something , for example , shameful things in a public space , or argue with a partner or family , even put on a swimming costume like us . so they can be just ordinary people like us . we have to think about it this way . 
overall , people should think about what it would be like if we were famous people . . . and then we can find the answer that all people , including famous people , need a private life and would like to have an ordinary life . 
dear mr robertson , 
on behalf of our class i would like to give you some information about the london fashion and leisure show that we saw advertised and we are interested in . in addition we would like to thank you for the programme . 
firstly , i would like to give you some details about this show . it will take place in the central exhibition hall , in london , on tuesday the 14th of march and the suitable time will be 10 . 00 - 19 . 00
i would like to mention that on this day we are going to visit the science museum in the morning and after we are going shopping , so i believe it will be a good chance for all of us to attend this show as it is free for students ! the most important thing is that the time that the show starts is perfect and is compatible as well with our programme because by 19:00 i think that everyone will have finished their shopping . 
secondly , i would like to give you more details about the show and particularly about what it includes . the latest fashions will be on show and also the leisure and sports wear . really interesting ! moreover all about the make up and the hairstyles . i think that this show will be a great opportunity for all of us while we are in london . but if there is a problem because the show is on tuesday afternoon , the same time as our shopping trip , i suggest going shopping on wednesday afternoon when we will not have anything to do ! 
i look forward to your reply , 
yours sincerely , 
some people think that being a famous person is a very exciting thing , that all the time this makes you feel complete and also they think that if you are famous you are special as well . 
i believe that if somebody wants fame and glory he must be totally clear about the results . for example , politicians have chosen their careers ; they must know that they are going to involved with everything that it has to do with publicity and their country and the most important thing is that they have to realize that they should be extremely careful about their movements or else they are going to have a bad reputation , and they will not be considered trustworthy . 
another successful career such as , film stars must also be balanced . if somebody is a film star this means that he has got a different kind of life , a more comfortable , more interesting life but it doesn't mean that he or she can't be like normal people even if he or she is a star . 
if somebody wants to be famous of course they must be on the top and the mass media will be following him or her . but i think that there are limits . everybody deserves to have a private life even if he is a plumber or even if she is a famous singer . it doesn't matter what kind of career or job you are following have . you must control your behaviour and try not implove so much yourself . and finally the journalists should know how to respect the private lives of everyone and not try to make money by using the reputation of famous people . 
dear mr robertson:
firstly , i'm very glad to hear from you . thank you for organising the programme for our class . i think you have thought a long time about how should we we should study during these three days . we have seen your programme , and like all of those , especially the science museum . it will be good for us to increase our knowledge , and so on . 
secondly , i wonder if you know that the " london fashion and leisure show " will be held on tuesday at the central exhibition hall . in other words , what they will introduce is very interesting to us . i mean it's conflict with your plan . what a pity ! 
all of us want to go to the show . the generation who are the same age as us all like make-up , become beautiful , and it's important that it will be free for students and just be showed for one day . so , we don't want to lose to miss this chance . 
finally , we would like to get your permission to go . maybe if it is possible that you can change your programme , we can go to your college any time after tuesday . we're sorry to cause you trouble . 
we look forward to hearing from you again as soon as possible . 
best wishes
it was dangerous , but i knew i had to do it . 
this story happened two years ago . that was a very hot summer , all the . all the people in our city liked to swim in the river . perhaps they didn't think it was interesting if they swam in the pool . personally , i'd like to say i was good at swimming . not only was i a member of the swimming team in our school , but also i had been taught by my father since i was five years old . so i would acquired had acquired some skills and learned how to protect myself from my dad , if you had an accident . 
one day , i passed by a river in accident . i saw there were a lot of people playing in the river . suddenly , i heard a cry of " help , help " in the distance . in a while , lots of passersby crowded at the riverside . to my surprise , nobody went in to save that boy who was shouting , but just stood there , like lots of " champ " . i started thinking about it . after all , either had i never done this task before , or trained . i was just 15 years old . finally , i jumped into the river . i really knew that was dangerous , but i didn't think about anything except " justify " this word . i also really hated those people who stood there all the time . 
thank goodness , i succeeded in saving that struggling child . when i got to the riverside river bank , i saw some red-faced . 
dear mr robertson , 
firstly , i'm writing to thank you for the great opportunity you are giving us , especially in planning all this programme in such an accurate way . i think that this programme is well organised well-organised , as you know , because we have enough time to visit plenty of local interest points . but i was wondering , as a student of this college , if we could change part of this programme . . . we'd like to go to the london fashion and leisure show . it takes place on tuesday 14th and begins at ten o'clock . in this way , we can go to visit the science museum earlier in the morning and then we can go to the show . 
from my point of view , we are very interested in the latest fashions like leisure wear , sportswear , make-up , hairstyles , you know . . . i strongly believe that we will be at the right time and in the best city in the best city and at the right time to appreciate it . please let me know if you agree with us ! oh i forgot about something ! also , this show is free ( another positive point ) . 
looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely
fancy getting to know the future ? 
do you think you've got the future in your hands ? do you think we're living like in olden times ? would you like to live in a modern way ? what do you expect in the future ? can you compare it . . . ? are you afraid ? 
well , you can look at your house . . . nowadays , we have all kinds of instruments for washing up the dishes , for cooking to be more convenient , for example , the tv , the video recorder , etc . 
maybe , in a few years' time we'll have a bigger tv , a more suitable radio but , in my opinion , i think these facts will not change our way of lives life . we will be able to speed up the running of computer games , for example . . . but not in any strange way you can imagine . . . i mean i don't think we'll change cars into aeroplanes . . . 
therefore , you have to be calm because , as you know , things are developing and in the same way you're changing , too . in conclusion , i strongly believe that the house of the future will be the house of a new awareness . it will be a very positive point for opening up our lives . so , we have the future in our hands ! think about it . 
dear principal , first of all , we would like to thank you for the good programme which provides us with 3 days' stay in london . it contains a wide range of activities , for example , sightseeing , a river trip , visiting the science museum and gallery , shopping . it is certain that the programme will give the students considerable enjoyment . however , we have found an advertisement for the london fashion and leisure show , which will be held at central exhibition hall on 14th of march . the advertisement says that the show is full of many interesting programmes , such as the latest fashions , leisure and sports wear , make-up and hairstyles etc . moreover , students are allowed to attend for free . 
all of us would like to attend the show because young people , particularly girls , are interested in fashion and make-up , so we are expecting the show to be a great opportunity to see what the new trends in fashion will be like . it would be great if you gave made a little change in the programme so that we are able to attend the show . it seems to be good to change the programme of 14th to the london fashion and leisure show , instead of the science museum and shopping . i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
technical and warm home people's way of life has been changed considerably by rapidly developing modern technology . to begin with , it will be good to look back on how our parents have lived in a house . 50 years ago , korean mothers should have made a fire by burning wood to warm a room up and make food . since the electric fire and microwave oven had been invented , their lives have been far easier than before . today , however , people do not need to spend much time on making food , washing up , or even on turning on and off the light the light on and off . machines , such as the dishwasher , washing machine and remote control help us just to relax or do a little necessary work . in my opinion , people's homes in the future will be controlled by a computer which is built into every machine , tv , cooker and the light , connected to the owner . he/she can just press the button or send e-mail to operate what he/she needs , even though the owner is far from the house . on the other hand , people will still be living in a building which is constructed for a " family " . in spite of the computer , children will need food their mothers make and love expressed not by a computer , but by parents themselves . a computer might know more than a human , but there are many things which it cannot replace in our life . 
dear mr robertson
thank you for the programme you have organised for our visit to london . we think it will be a very interesting trip , especially the sightseeing by bus . 
in our class , we have read an advertisement for the " london fashion and leisure show " , which will take place at the central exhibition hall in london on tuesday 14 march from 10:00 to 19:00 . as we are going to be in london on this date , we think it could be a great opportunity for us to go there because we are very interested in the latest fashions , make up , etc . and it is free for students . 
because of this reason , we would kindly ask you to change the programme so that we could go to this particular event . we suggest visiting the science museum in the afternoon on wednesday 15 march and cancelling the shopping on tuesday 14 march . 
hoping for your agreement and looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely , 
a especial special invitation
it was dangerous , but i knew i had to do it . i was having a holiday with my parents and some friends in india and we were enjoying talking to people and eating the local food . one day we were invited by some locals to visit a little town five hours away from new dehli . although my parents were very happy about having such a special opportunity of visiting a place with no tourists , i was a little bit scared . 
in this country my parents used to buy water in bottles to have it clean , but in the little town we didn't have the chance to do this and the family where we were staying kindly boiled the water for us . 
we spent 2 weeks with the family . the first week was fine , but in the second week i got very sick . i think it was the water . my mother tried to get a doctor , but they said there was no one . 
some days later we went back to dehli and , having been to the doctor and having again drunk bottled water , i was feeling healthy again . 
dear mr robertson , 
i am writing to you as a representative of the class about the 3-day school trip which has been organized for next week . 
first of all , i would like to thank you for the excellent organization of this trip which seems to be very interesting and useful for the students . in particular , i believe that the visit to the national art gallery will be a really exciting experience for all of us . all the students are enthusiastic about it . 
however , some of them have read an advertisement about the london fashion and leisure show , which will take place at the central exhibition hall in london on 14th march . the exhibition will show all the latest fashions over a very wide range from sportswear to make-up and even hairstyles . what is more , the show is free for all students . we feel that taking part in it would be a great opportunity for us since we will be able to get some information about the world of fashion , which is becoming more and more important in our time . 
under the circumstances , i was asked by the class to inform you about the show and to ask if it would be possible to make some changes to the programme if it could to visit the exhibition . it will take place on tuesday from 10 . 00am to 7 . 00pm , so we could give up shopping and go to the show in the afternoon . 
i hope you will consider this possibility and tell us as soon as possible if you intend to accept our proposal . 
yours sincerely , 
being famous and rich rich and famous is something all of us have dreamt of at some time . but famous people aren't always happy with their situation . usually if you ask them what they desire most , the answer is: " i would like to be able to live like ordinary people do . " 
this answer is no surprise : famous people cannot have their own private life . whenever they go out they are suddenly " hounded " by groups of journalists and photographers who want an interview or a photo . they cannot even have a pizza with friend who stops them and asks them for an autograph . but the worst thing of all is that they are often the victim of malicious gossip , which most of the time is not even true . 
in conclusion , i believe that it is certainly right that famous people accept their situation , with all the advantages and disadvantages it brings . on the other hand , however , i think that they deserve to have a private life like all other people have . also the most famous star can be unhappy and depressed : not always , in fact , money and celebrity bring in fact , money and celebrity don't always bring happiness . 
dear mr robertson , 
thank you for the programme which you have organised for the three days in london . however , some students in our class have seen an advertisement for the london fashion and leisure show and we would like to have an opportunity to go to the show . 
the show is open between ten and seven p . m on tuesday , march 14 , at the central exhibition hall in london . the latest fashions , leisure and sports wear , make-up and hairstyles are expected to be displayed and studied . we have thought think it a great opportunity to touch a part of the latest cultures , which are concentrated and sharpened in london . in addition , admission for students is free . 
taking the programme and the show into consideration , we suggest that we would have time to go to the show in the afternoon on tuesday . we suppose that during our free time on wednesday we can find some time for shopping . we hope that you consider our suggestion . 
yours sincerely , 
the ways of living are always changing . there is no doubt that the functions and structures of the home have been changing as well as that of transformation , for example , have been . thinking about the home of the future , first of all , nuclear families should be expected because of new technologies , which make house-keeping easier and simpler and because of the idea which encourages us to live in cities for a convenient life . people may tend to avoid living in a large number of families in an expected small house in a city . 
on the other hand , the bond between parents and children is unlikely to change . people always need their parents , children and so on . the longer and further they live on their own , the more they may feel that they need a family . 
new materials will surely change the home of the future in many ways . it is just staff's around us improving and turning into new one . hopefully , the minds of people will stay peaceful and gentle in the future . 
dear mr robertson
my name is . . . and i am a student representative . i am writing to you on behalf of my class concerning our trip to london . 
first of all i would like to thank you for organizing the programme . i read it and found it very good , especially the science museum and national art gallery as i am interested in arts . 
however , i have a great proposition for you . the students in my class have recently seen an advertisement for the london fashion and leisure show . i think it is a great opportunity for us , as it is at the time of our being in london and is free of charge for students . the girls would like to see the latest fashions , new make-up and interesting hairstyles . the boys are interested in seeing leisure and sportswear . 
i would like to suggest a change in the programme by giving up shopping and going to the london fashion and leisure show . 
i hope you will consider this proposition and i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely
the home of the future
home is an important element in everybody's life . it gives you safety . i do not know people who would not want to have a home . we like our houses , that is why we are always trying to make them more comfortable and useful . 
i think the home of the future will be bigger as we will need more room for ourselves , our belongings and interests . the construction will be more simple , which will give us a feeling of balance . more houses will have gardens , which will make us feel closer to nature . 
many people think that we will resign from a kitchen , which is a useless place , as we will spend most of the time at work and will eat outside . i do not think so . because of computers , we will have the possibility of working at home , therefore , home will be a very important place worth paying attention to . 
take care of your home , do not hesitate in it and you will be very happy . 
dear mr. robertson
first of all , i want to thank you on behalf of the class for your excellent organisation and programme , and especially for the fact that you are giving us some free time . we really appreciate this . 
however , we have seen an advertisement for the london fashion and leisure show . the show is on tuesday the 14th of march , from 10 to 7 o'clock in the central exhibition hall . there will be shown the latest fashions in leisure and sports wear , make-up and hairstyles the latest fashions in leisure and sports wear , make-up and hairstyles will be shown there . 
this is a great opportunity for us , because we haven't ever before been to this kind of show . as well as this , entrance for students is free . 
as you can see this is the best time to go there . we have some suggestions about how to change the programme . instead of visiting the science museum on tuesday we could go there on wednesday afternoon and instead of going shopping on tuesday afternoon we could maybe stop at some places during the sightseeing tour and buy something there . 
to sum up , this is a really great opportunity for us and i don't think that the changes are so big . i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely 
man is a being that needs to live close to other human beings and to create a society around himself . as well as this he needs his own free space and privacy . this is also as important to him as friendship and family . 
in our society some people are treated like animals in the zoo by the press , just because they are famous and well known to a high number of other people . the newspapers print everything about them . the yellow press is searching for every little bit of information they can get . the photographers are chasing these people just to take a picture of them to show how they eat or with whom they meet . the photos will be in tomorrow's press and so rumours are born . 
on the other hand these people have chosen to walk this path . everything in life has a price . the price for fame and money is the loss of privacy . first of all you have to give up something to get something else . 
however , the press shouldn't create rumours and hunt those people like animals . as well as this , the stars shouldn't complain at any time about their fans and their loss of privacy . they wanted to be famous and they knew the price beforehand . the fans and the press are those who have made them rich and famous . 
dear mr robertson
i am writing to you about the trip to london . all of the students in my class have read through the programmes that you have devised . they are quite interesting , especially the river trip to greenwich , because some of us may go to the university there next year . so we can walk around and see what greenwich looks like . 
all of us want to go on this trip , but some of my classmates saw an advertisement for the london fashion and leisure show , and we would all like to go there . it is from 10 am to 7 p . m . it is about the latest fashion , leisure and sports wear , make-up and hairstyles . all of us are really interested , and it is free for students to get in as well . it is a really good opportunity to go because most of us are studying fashion design , and we can learn loads of things there . so would you please reschedule the visit to the science museum for wednesday afternoon , and we can cancel our shopping and free time , so we can go to the fashion show on tuesday . 
yours sincerely . 
it was dangerous , but i knew i had to do it . 
it was two years ago , my classmates and i . my classmates and i went on a leadership trip to london . this trip was organised by our form tutor . he wanted to test if we trusted each other and worked in a team , and the trip lasted for 3 days . the first days were fine . we just had to do some teamwork things . 
on the second day , we had to climb up a twenty-metre hill with our hands . it was so difficult for me because i had been really scared to stand on a high place since i was young . i did not want to climb up but i did not have any choice . so i started to climb really slow and carefully , and i climbed about 15 metres quite successfully , so i tried to climb quicker because the destination was not far away . but after i climbed two steps more , my right foot slipped . i nearly fell , but luckily my hand caught a rock . it was dangerous , but i didn't have any choice . finally i did it . 
dear mr robertson , 
thank you for the excellent programme you have organised for our class . we especially look forward to the river trip to greenwich . 
however , we have seen an advertisement for the " london fashion and leisure show " , which will take place on tuesday 14th march from 10 . 00 am to 19 . 00 pm during our trip to london and in which the following topics will be shown :
. latest fashions 
. leisure and sports wear
. make-up 
. hairstyles
we would like to inform you that we are all extremely interested in this show and that it could be a great opportunity for us because entrance is free for students . 
we would like to ask if we could go to this show on the 15th march instead of doing the visit to the science museum . we could do that on the wednesday , 15th march , in the afternoon . 
thank you in advance for your comprehension understanding and we look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely , 
the private life of famous people ! 
who has never dreamed of being a famous singer , sportsman , actor or a politician ? the success of these people is so great that they are known all over the world . 
i think that these kinds of people have a poor life because they can never be quiet because all the people everybody knows them and wants to know a lot of things about them . they always have to be careful about what they say and what they do . 
i think that if famous people are always followed by journalists it is not the responsibility fault of the media but of the huge number of people who are interested in famous people's lives . firstly , this is because there are a lot of scandal magazine readers . secondly , it is because they have a lot of admiration for them and lastly because they want to dream and see what a " star's life " looks like . 
in conclusion i think that people who are too much interested in other people's lives do not have an interesting life and are unhappy ! 
dear mr robertson , 
i'm writing to you to thank you for the excellent programme for our english class in london , especially for the river trip to greenwich . it will be a great experience for us . but the students in our class have seen an advertisement for the " london fashion and leisure show " , which will take place in the central exhibition hall , london , on tuesday march 14 from 10 . 00 to 19 . 00 at . at the same time we have to go to the science museum but we would all like to go to the show . it will be very interesting for us to see the latest fashions , make-up , and hairstyles and we can speak to english people and make new friends . there is one more advantage: it is free for students . so we would like to suggest how the programme could be changed . 
first of all on tuesday we will all go to the show and spend there all day all day there , but on wednesday in the afternoon when we have some free time we can go to the science museum , if you don't mind , of course . 
please let us know as soon as you make your decision . with best wishes , your student . 
the best detective stories of agatha christie
dear lucas ! 
thank you very much for your letter . i was glad to get it and get a lot of news about you . 
first of all i want to congratulate your cousin on fifteenth birthday wish your cousin a happy fifteenth birthday and wish her all the best . i hope that it will be a good holiday for her , her family and friends . 
now about your questions , it is very difficult for me to give any advice about it . i don't know your cousin very well so i don't know what she prefers reading . but when i was fifteen my favourite book was " the best detective stories of agatha christie " . so i can recommend you to give give her this book , because it is a very interesting , amusing , sometimes dramatic and mysterious book . this book helps us to improve our logic , mind , and memory and it teaches the reader not to lie , to be more honest with other people and pay attention to the smallest details in our life because sometimes that can help us very very much . 
so i hope i have helped you . 
write to me as soon as you can . 
with best wishes , yours 
dear mr robertson , 
i was interested in an advertisement for the london fashion and leisure show and i would really love to go to the show . 
i am writing to appreciate express my appreciation for the good programme . it was so kind of you to have organised the programme . i would enjoy seeing a show , especially a fashion show . i am keen on wearing and drawing some clothes . this show starts on tuesday in the central exhibition of london from 10:00 am to 7:00 pm . especially , entry is free for students ! it will be a great opportunity for me . i feel that it is such a nice experience and worthwhile . 
i would like to suggest an idea and change the sightseeing by bus on monday , because the english weather is so changeable . if it rains , we will not be pleased . some of my friends would like to go to the british museum and i have not been there before . 
thank you again and i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely
dear friend
how are you ? i'm fine . thank you a lot for your letter and i hope you and your family are well . 
it's a good idea to give a book for your cousin's birthday present . 
i would like to recommend 'the old man and the sea' because i read it when i was teenager . it was such a wonderful story that i remember the old man speaking about human's life between the sea and the man . it may make him think of his future and this book could be very suitable for him . 
let me know if he likes it or not and i hope we'll be able to get together before too long . 
i'm looking forward to hearing from you
love
dear mr robertson , 
i am writing to you in connection with our next programme in london from 13th march to 14th march . first of all , it is a pleasure to say that the programme which you so kindly have prepared is very interesting , especially the visit to the national art gallery on wednesday . 
on the other hand , our class has recently seen an advertisement for the london fashion and leisure show , which takes place during our visit to london , on tuesday 14th . this show is a good opportunity to learn about the latest fashions in several areas , like make-up , hairstyles and leisure and sports wear . we think that it could be a great chance to learn about british fashion and probably it would give us good information for improving our studies . 
we would like to know if it would be possible to introduce a little change in our programme . our question is: instead of going shopping on tuesday , in the afternoon , could we go to the london fashion and leisure show ? 
i hope you will consider our suggestion . i look forward to hearing your reply . 
yours sincerely , 
classroom 5
what will our future homes be like ? 
believe it or not , our lives are changing and becoming more complicated every day . the reason for all of this thing is the impressionable introduction of the " new technologies " , such as computers , the internet or wap technologies . 
of course , these new technologies will be introduced at home . now , it is already possible to send our shopping list by computer , and this option , in the next few years , will become the most common one . 
the new technologies will probably produce a considerable revolution in some essential parts of the house . for example , we will have computerized ovens , microwaves and freezers , or we will probably have central heating controlled through the internet from our office . 
despite all of these facilities , there are some home activities that will remain the same , fortunately . who doesn't like to prepare a cup of tea with traditional kettles , waiting for the boiling water water to boil ? and to read the newspaper at breakfast instead of watching tv ? 
some pleasures must be untouchable ! we are human beings at least , not " new technological " machines ! 
dear mr. robertson
i am a student from your class and i would like to thank you first of all : it's a good programme , especially the visit to the national art gallery . 
a few students and i have heard about a fashion and leisure show . the show takes place on 14th march from 10 . 00 - 19 . 00 . they will show the latest fashion , leisure and sportswear and something for the women: make-up and hairstyle trends . the show is free for students , and that's also a big advantage . we have already discussed it and we think it would be a great opportunity because a lot of students are very keen on going . 
i know that it involves a change but i have thought about it . on monday we could first go to the science museum and in the afternoon to greenwich . then we could go sightseeing by bus on wednesday after lunch . i think there is no need to go shopping because we can do our shopping in cambridge . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely
who would like to be famous ? 
do you dream of being a star ? it must be wonderful when you have a lot of money and everybody seems to know you . but is it really ? 
i think the main problem is that you would lose your private life . that's the price you have to pay nowadays . but you need all the journalists to become famous so the only way is to accept that there are journalists and that they are just doing their job . 
no one told you to be famous . if you are famous , it was your choice and therefore it is the price you have to pay . of course you have fame and poverty . but then everyone will recognise you when you are walking in the street . 
to sum up , i think if you are well known you have to deal with that . there's no other way . everyone knows you because of the journalists , so you can't just ignore them , can you ? 
dear mr robertson , 
i am writing , on behalf of the students in my class , to thank you very much for the trip to london . besides , we would like to go to the london fashion and leisure show , which was advertised in the " metro " newspaper yesterday . 
this show takes place at the central exhibition hall in london on tuesday 14th march from 10:00 to 19:00 . all my classmates are very interested in this show , which includes the latest fashions , leisure and sports wear , make-up , and hair styles . moreover , one of the important things for us is that entrance is free for students , because students are generally short of money . 
we would like to suggest you change the shopping trip to wednesday afternoon , because we have some free time on wednesday afternoon . 
we would be very pleased if you would consider our recommendation . 
yours sincerely
a private life for everyone . 
everyone deserves a private life . however , most famous people , for example football players and film stars , have not got a private life . 
they feel exhausted being followed by journalists . 
they even have arguments with journalists as they sometimes write inaccurate reports . 
on the other hand , some people need journalists to become more famous , because people can get publicity who are famous who are famous can get publicity through journalists . 
in conclusion , journalists should respect their lives and always write accurate reports . 
dear mr robertson , 
i am writing on behalf of my classmate classmates about the programme you have organised for us . 
we all want to thank you for having chosen such good places in london . we are especially excited about the river trip to greenwich which will be on the first day . 
i would particularly like to talk about the second day . we really like the programme , but we have seen an advertisement for the london fashion and leisure show that will take place on tuesday and we are very interested in going . as you know our class is composed of girls and it would be very exciting for us if we could have a look at the latest fashions , makeup and so on . 
although we would like to visit the science museum , we can leave it to the next opportunity . what we suggest doing is instead of going to the museum in the morning we go to the leisure show and keep the afternoon programme the same . 
we hope you accept this change . 
we are looking forward to hearing from you as soon as possible . 
yours sincerely , 
it was dangerous , but i knew i had to do it . 
last summer i went to the amazon on an expedition with 10 other people : a guide , a doctor , a scientist &amp; all the rest of us like me were just curious . 
we walked all day and rested in the evenings . we were not allowed to leave our tents during the night or until the day starts started , because of the dangerous animals which live there . but for me it was the most exciting moment . one can be really amazed by the view . 
one day at five o'clock in the morning i stepped out of my tent without being seen and started walking towards the river , because i wanted to take some photographs of the sunrise . the view was taking my breath away when suddenly something took my breath away . it was a panther . i was petrified because it looked as if it was very hungry . i knew i could not make any movement for my safety but i did and to my surprise it runs ran away . 
dear mr. robertson thank you for your good programme for the english class , especially since it is well-organised and has many different places we can go and we can see . all of us in the english class look forward to visiting these places . however , we'd like to ask about london fashion and leisure show that we've seen an advertisement for in this week's college newspaper . we would appreciate it if you could give us a chance to go there while we are visiting london . it should be a great opportunity for us because we can see the latest fashions , leisure and sportswear , make-up and hairstyles . as you know , this year is our final year and most of us would like to get a job straight away after this course . we've been worried about our future career and we believe that we need some preparation for it such as advice about dress and hairstyle for an interview . and mostly , it should be a great opportunity for the art students who are attending english class . most students in our class are studying fashion full-time . especially , it does not cost anything at all for students . but the only problem with the show is the date which is on tuesday 14 march from 10 . 00 to 19 . 00 . as we're considering your programme we're supposed to go to the science museum and shopping . we're thinking that we can go to these places the following day . but mr. robertson , these suggestions depend on your programme , we're just suggesting . again we're so sorry that we are giving are causing you inconvenience regarding your plan and thank you for considering us . we are looking forward to hearing from you yours sincerely , 
the home of the future . 
have you ever thought about our future home ? 
living in a high building ! but we could have everything we want . home might be a mixture with modern styles and a natural appearance as well . 
these days a lot of countries have been worried about lands that can't have enough space to build houses . the prices for land are increasing because of this . 
so i think that the future home could be considered this points . i mean most homes are going to be in a building like a flat . maybe it is right to say in a flat instead of a building . i believe there are a lot of high buildings now in japan . most of them are flats which have at least 20 floors . it means the japanese are planning for the future home . 
but what i imagine is that these flats'll have many functions such as offices , leisure centre , shopping centre even school . because we are living a computerised life , we'll able to do most things at home or these flats'll have these places as well . 
but one more thing , i believe these flats'll have a park for people who'll be living in them . and because it'll be a big building we'll be able to see a great view through the window . 
in conclusion , our future home will have a natural appearance like today's homes and give people a new technological home life . 
dear mr. robertson , 
i have heard you organised such a nice programme , especially the river trip and museum , for our class . i would like to thank you for doing that on behalf of my classmates . 
by the way , our classmates have seen an advertisement for the london fashion and leisure show . it will show us the latest fashions , leisure and sports wear . in addition , make-up and hairstyle shows will take place at the same time . we think it would be a wonderful chance to have a new experience . what is even better , is that all students can participate without paying . it takes place at central exhibition hall in london . and it starts from 10 to 19 on 14th of march . so we would like to suggest you put this event into the morning time on tuesday instead of the science museum and put the science museum into free time on wednesday . 
i hope you will consider our suggestion . i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely
much safer but still at home
our homes have changed with many comfortable things compared with the past . as many inventors made lots of things , we can live in good facilities well-equipped houses: but do you think no more comfortable homes will be built ? 
our homes will be different in order to protect our family from theives . for example , now we have a security safety like a bell or button . but in the future , we'll use our eyes or finger prints through the special space to enter inside . that means , our security system will be much stronger . on the other hand , what might still be the same is to have good places to take a rest at home , such as a beautiful garden , a small terrace . because it is an instinct that people prefer comfortable places and want to take a rest in a peaceful place . 
to conclude , while our homes in the future will be much safer than before , they will still have good spaces for us to be at home . 
dear mr robertson , 
i am writing on behalf of my class to thank you for the programme you organised for our trip to london . we all think it is a good programme , especially because of the fact that it combines leisure and culture . however , we saw an advertisement for " the london fashion and leisure show " and we would all like to go and see it . 
first of all , you might not know what this show is about . in fact , it is a big exhibition of the latest fashions , leisure and sports wear , make-up and hairstyles . it would be interesting for us to see all that " live " , rather than on tv . furthermore , it is a great opportunity for us because entry is free for students so it will not affect the budget . the show takes place on 14th march from 10 o'clock to 7 o'clock . we all think that it would be most enjoyable to go to the science museum until about 11 o'clock and then move on to the show . it would be a good idea to leave at about 5 or 6 o'clock so that we can go shopping for a while . 
we all hope you will be able to find a good solution without causing too much trouble . 
yours sincerely , 
terror in the alps
it was dangerous , but i knew i had to do it . we had been trapped in the snowy , almost vertical slopes of the " tte blanche " for more than ten hours by then . we were there , alone , my friend with his broken leg and myself . 
we had decided to climb that more than 3 , 700 -metre-high mountain near arolla in switzerland two weeks beforehand . we had been preparing the trip for several days when we started to climb the mountain , on the 4th of september 1995 . it all went as expected and we reached the summit in six hours . however , it started to go wrong after one hour of downhill walking . my friend fell down and badly hit his leg against a rock . we could immediately see that it was broken . he couldn't move any more and my mobile phone was not able to find a proper network . we were trapped ! 
i finally decided to carry him on my back back to the rescue chalet . it was dangerous because of the steepness of the slope and we risked falling down all the time . however , we would have frozen to death if we had stayed where we were . after ten more exhausting hours of walking we finally reached the chalet , from where we were able to call a helicopter . we were safe ! 
dear mr. robertson , 
as you are probably aware our english class is going to spend three days in london . the programme has already been organized by you and i have to say you have drawn up us a very nice schedule drawn up a very nice schedule for us . the river trip to greenwich is certainly something we are all looking forward to , but because of the london fashion and leisure show , my class have asked me to suggest a change in our schedule . 
this show consists of a big fair in the central exhibition hall in which we will have the opportunity of seeing the latest releases in sportswear , make up and hairstyles . i believe it could be an enriching experience for all of us . we would have fun , meet the locals and practise our english at the same time . furthermore , we would be speaking english outside school . 
the event will take place on tuesday , 14th of march , so instead of going to the science museum and then going shopping , we could spend the day visiting the show . our free time on wednesday could be spent at the museum . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely
best detective stories by agatha christie
dear sarah , 
i'm sorry it took me so long to write back to you , but i have been very busy lately . anyway , in your last letter you asked me whether best detective stories by agatha christie would be a good present or not for your cousin . well , having read the book before , i can say it would be a great idea ! 
you told me your cousin likes suspense books and stories , the ones in which you keep trying to figure out who is the killer . agatha christie's stories just couldn't be more suitable for your cousin . especially because there isn't just one story , but a whole lot of them . personally speaking , i think they selected the best ones to be published . 
now , tell me more about you . are you already on holiday ? my school has finished , but i'll need to sit a big exam at the end of this month so that i can go to college . my parents and i will spend our holidays in australia and i just couldn't be happier ! i just can't wait to go abroad for the first time ! 
i think that's all about it . write soon . 
merry xmas and happy new year ! 
love
dear mr. robertson , 
as we have seen the advertisement for the programme the school arranged for us as a farewell activity , we are very appreciative and would like to thank you for your kindness , as all of them are very interesting and give us a chance to meet and join the other class , which we have hardly done at all . 
however , on march 14 , there is the " london fashion and leisure show " , which is also interesting for us . as you know all of us in this class are preparing to go in for the art &amp; design school in the next semester . so this is a great opportunity for us to get used to the real world of fashion design , because in this show there will be a fashion show , a demonstration from make-up artists , and a contest for hair stylists . furthermore , most of the famous brand of sportswear companies will be at this exhibition with their new products for the coming season . 
we would like to know if all of us can go to this event . we all agree that we are going on the school trip to the science museum , which is the most interesting trip for us . anyway , instead of going shopping in the afternoon session , we will attend the show . this is the solution that we all think will be the least effective to the other students , as the school do not need to re-arrange the whole trip just because of our special interest . 
we hope very much that you understand , and would like to thank you in advance for your cooperation . 
we look forward to hearing from you soon . 
yours sincerely , 
i had never wanted to be a hero
it was dangerous , but i knew i had to do it . even though all of my friends who were with me on that day said , " just let it go , it's only a puppy . why do you have to take a risk ? " it seemed that none of them had any sympathy for that lovely blue-eyed puppy that somebody who had no mercy had just left there , on a highway . 
if you imagine how dangerous you were while you had to stop your car and got out of the car on the highway where there were only car at least 120 km/hr running along your side . it was true that small dog was in danger , but your life would be in that situation as well once you decided to do that brave thing . my whole body was shaking , and i would almost have turned back to my car if i hadn't hear heard that small creature cry as if he wanted me to be his owner . 
so i just crossed the road , jumped , and picked him up . i felt like i was a hero at that moment , even though i'd never thought of it before . 
dear mr robertson , 
we would like to thank you for all the time you have spent in order to organize the programme that we will follow during the three days that we are going to spend in london . 
we all believe that it is a great programme , which includes both education and free time . 
we would like to inform you that we see have seen an advertisement for the london fashion and leisure show . this show is going to take place in the central exhibition hall of london on tuesday , march 14 , between the hours 10 . 00-19 . 00 , and we would like to ask you if it is possible to go to that show . 
we think that this is a great opportunity and we are all very interested in going because we can see there the latest fashions , leisure and sports wear , a lot of different kinds of make-up and some famous hairstylists . the show is absolutely free for students . 
as a class we suggest going to this show on tuesday , march 14 , in the morning , and visiting the science museum on wednesday afternoon during our free time . if that is possible . 
we would all like to thank you again . 
in the year 2000 the media is one of the most powerful things on the planet . the media is everywhere , television . television , radio stations , newspapers , and magazines all have one goal , to inform the citizens . 
some of them , however , are not doing their job probably . they don't provide people with news , education or documentaries . they just publish gossip about famous people , such as politicians , musicians and film stars . 
i believe all people , famous or not , deserve to have a private life without journalists following them all the time . they are humans like all of us , with their problems , their good and bad times , and of course they don't want to publish them in front of millions of people because a journalist thought that this would be right , and good for his pocket . 
i think the only way of changing that is if the people show no interest because then the journalist would have no reason to publish any gossip because it would not be watched or read by anyone . so the power is with the people . 
dear mr. robertson , 
i and all of my colleague colleagues have read your programme , which you organised for us , for our three-day trip to london . 
we all think the programme is organised well , in particular . in particular we're so keen on the idea of going to the national art gallery , to see the work of the biggest greatest painters in the world . 
i'm writing to you because we saw a great advertisement for the london fashion and leisure show and we really would like to go to see that show . 
the show will be in the central exhibition hall on tuesday , the 14th of march , from 10 . 00 pm to 19 . 00 pm . 
i think it's a great opportunity , because we will have a chance to see the latest fashion , leisure and sports wear , and also the way to do the perfect make-up and hairstyle . in my opinion , we can have a great time there , and entrance is free of charge for students , which is very important as well . 
i'm wondering if there is any possibility to go to that show on tuesday afternoon , and move our shopping to the next day . 
i hope you'll think about our proposal and consider changing the programme . 
yours sincerely 
'my perfect holiday'
'it was dangerous , but i knew i had to do it'
my story begins during my holiday . it was a nice , hot summer so i and two friends of mine decided to go on holiday this year to the sea side seaside . 
we thought that with that beautiful weather the seaside would be just perfect for relaxation , sunbathing and joy . 
however , the truth was a little bit different . 
things started happening from the day we arrived . 
the weather had changed suddenly , and there was no more sun , but strong wind and heavy rain . 
despite that we were still thinking optimistically . 
we were thinking is so many other activities to relax and enjoy ourselves then sunbathing on the beach . 
we went to a few exhibitions , nightclubs , and restaurants around the area and we really had fun . 
in the end , the weather got better , so we decided to go to the beach . 
everything was suggesting today was going to be a good , sunny day . 
we went swimming . 
then in a few minutes the weather changed and a big storm began . 
the sky went completely black , so at first it was difficult to see where everybody was . 
i looked around and i realised a friend of mine was still in the sea , and fighting against the storm , trying to get to the shore . 
i didn't think . i just went in to save my friend . 
everything was looking so dangerous but fortunately it ended well . 
that was the end of our holiday , and next year definitely we we definitely won't be going to the sea side seaside . 
dear mr robertson , 
firstly , i am being the representative of my class to thank you for organising a good programme in london , especially the visit to the science museum and national art gallery . we know that it is a good chance for us to learn more different things and we can widen our knowledge in the science museum . in addition , we can appreciate and enjoy the art in the national art gallery . unfortunately , i know that most of the students have already visited these two places before . so we decided to choose another event which have seen as an entertainment . it is the london fashion and leisure show . the show will be held at the central exhibition hall , london . the date is tuesday march 14 , from 10 . 00-19 . 00 . it shows the latest fashions , including leisure and sports wear . in spite of this , there are also make-up and hairstyles , which attract girls most . 
secondly , the show is a great opportunity because it is held for only 1 day , which is tuesday march 14 . and it is free for students . so i think it is worth visiting . 
personally , here are some suggestions about how the programme could be changed . we can follow the programme that you planned as usual and then we go to that fashion show on tuesday . 
finally , the above information is my opinion and i hope you can accept it . 
thanks for your kind attention . 
yours sincerely , 
how is the home of the future will be ? will it remain the same , or have a great difference ? 
for me , i think people's homes may not be built on the ground . the homes will be built in the sky - so as to save more land to build the other buildings . as the homes are will be built in the sky , it will save a lot of electricity as solar energy will be used . 
and there should be an a robotic servant in everyone's home . so there'll be no need for people to do the housework . there will be no beds at home because some pills will be invented to prevent people not prevent people becoming sleepy . if you're tired , the pill can give you vitamins , proteins and make you refreshed . 
regarding electrical goods , there will not be any kind of electrical product except computers . people will do everything on the computer , including watching tv , listening to music , and chatting with people , as the computer is a multi-functional product . 
on the other hand , there're some things that remain the same . the toilet should remain the same as people need to use it daily and nothing can replace it . second , there should be friends and family members in the home to provide joy and fun . since friends and family members won't change or be replaced by anything . 
these are my imaginations . i really wonder how the home of the future will be . 
dear mr robertson , 
i'm writing to you to thank you for organising our programme for a trip to london . i'm a student at the college of economics and i have been chosen to write to you about this matter . 
our class really appreciate your preparing this programme , especially with regard to monday's attraction . we are extremely interested in visiting london . sightseeing by bus will be a great opportunity for us to get to know better the wonderful capital the wonderful capital better . although we are excited about the scientic , i would like to ask you if it would be possible to change our schedule a little bit . in the last edition of 'london's guide' we saw an advert for 'the london fashion and leisure show' , which will be held on tuesday and it lasts from 10 a . m . to 7 p . m . the offer mentions the 'latest fashions ' , which we are incredibly interested in . in addition it recommends also the 'leisure and sports wear' . things the things which attract us the most are ' make-up ' and 'hairstyles' . we strongly recommend it , because students' admission is free . i'm convinced that you will agree with us and we attend will attend this show . 
we would be terribly grateful if you accepted agreed with our suggestion . 
i'm looking forward to hearing from you . 
nowadays famous people don't have an easy life . they are always attracted by naughty journalists , which have a desire to earn big money for writing an extremely good report or article . 
to begin with , we enjoy reading gossip about famous stars and politicians , although they sometimes aren't true . in addition we are fascinated by their marriages , children , holidays etc . what is more it was their own choice to become popular and well known . when choosing this style of life they should realise how their life would be like what their life would be like . 
on the other hand , their life has no privacy . in spite of being incredibly famous , they might feel very anxious and lonely . they are always under great pressure in their everyday life , because they are afraid of being recognised . 
some people may argue , but i think that politicians and film stars belong to the public . in conclusion , i believe that we have a right to be informed about their lives , providing that journalists respect some important rules . 
dear mr robertson
our class is looking forward to going to london next week . we find the programme which you've organised very interesting , especially the river trip to greenwich . thank you very much for it . 
there is only one thing that we'd like to change , if you wouldn't mind . we've read an advertisement about the london fashion and leisure show which will take place on tuesday , march 14 from 10 . 00 to 19 . 00 . the latest fashions will be shown there and many useful tips about make-up and hairstyles will be given . 
according to your programme we have some free time on wednesday , march 15 . so we'd like to go to a disco and this fashion show would be a great opportunity for us to learn something about styling . as we are from a small town we don't have any opportunity to learn about this . 
we suggest visiting the science museum on monday after the sightseeing tour by bus . we think we'll have one free hour before the river trip . it would be a good solution . we hope you agree with us . 
your class
in every country there are famous people who are the centre of public attention . they are always expected to be beautiful , intelligent , good-looking . this is very stressful . 
that's why it's very important for these people to have a private life without journalists where they can relax and where they don't need to be superstars . 
to have a private life is the natural desire of everyone and the famous film stars and politicians have a right to one . otherwise they can suffer soul problems , and fall into deep depression . 
i think that it must be awful to know that you are observed by journalists or other people , your fans for example , 24 hours a day , and all the things you do in your life are published and the whole world knows who are your friends your friends are , where you go shopping , who you love and who you sleep with . in my opinion this is the worst thing that can ever happen . 
i think we should have a little bit of respect for famous people and leave them some time for their private lives . 
dear mr robertson , 
i am writing with reference to the trip to london on the 13th , 14th and 15th march . 
firstly , i would like to thank you very much for the excellent programme you have organised for my class . we are especially looking forward to go on going on the river trip to greenwich and to the sightseeing by bus . 
secondly , i have seen an advertisement in the times about the london fashion and leisure show . it will be held in the central exhibition hall in london on tuesday 14 . my class and i are all interested in it and we would like to go there to have a visit . 
it will be a great opportunity for all of us because they will show the latest fashion , leisure and sports wear , make-up and different hairstyles . furthermore , the admission for students is free . 
i have already thought about a change to the programme . on wednesday we could enjoy our free time by going shopping , so on tuesday afternoon we moved have time to go to visit the london fashion and leisure show . 
i hope you will take my proposal into favourable consideration . i am looking forward to hearing from you soon . yours sincerely
it was dangerous but i knew i had to do it . what was so dangerous and why did i have to do it ? now i will tell you in brief exactly what happened to me . 
it was a fantastic sunny day in august and my friends and i took a day off from work . there were just four of us . we all decided to have a day by the seaside not far away from portsmouth . when we got there we were wearing our costumes . we lay on the sand under the sun , we had funny beach volleyball matches , interesting chats , but after two hours there , my friends decided to go swimming . for me , it was a big problem because i had never had swimming lessons and my friends didn't know about that . i didn't want to tell them because i was sure they would have started laughing at me . so i took the decision to go and join them as well though i knew that it would be dangerous for my life . i waded very slowly through the water and i was very scared but i had to do it because if i didn't go my friends would realize that something was wrong with me . in the end fortunately everything went well as i didn't sink in the sea . after that day , i decided to take up swimming , so that i would have no embarrassment embarrassments on future trips to the seaside . 
dear mr robertson , 
i am writing to tell you that the students of my class have seen an advertisement for the london fashion and leisure show . 
first of all i would like to thank you for making such a good plan for us , so we can have a good time . then i would like to explain to you the london fashion and leisure show . finally i would like to describe how the programme could be changed . 
the london fashion and leisure show is taking place in the central exhibition hall in london and happens on tuesday march 14 , from ten o'clock in the morning till seven o'clock in the evening . the reason that i suggest that we go is that it is a great opportunity because we can see the latest fashions , in leisure and sports wear as well as make-up and hairstyles . in addition to this we will not have to pay anything since it is free for students . 
i suggest that we should move our visit to the science museum to wednesday afternoon in our free time that we have . i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely , 
it was dangerous , but i had to do it . i did not have any choice since my brother was in trouble . i had to become a burglar again and steal jewellery from the jewellers nearby . 
as i knew the techniques to break into a place without being noticed , i should not have been afraid but tonight i had to steal the most precious diamond in the country , which was very well protected . 
when i got close to the shop , i checked if anyone was around and luckily nobody was . then i approached the door slowly , broke the lock and opened the door . however , my adventure was not over yet . there were lasers all over the place , which i had to be careful of . 
suddenly something went wrong . the alarm was making a noise . i ran towards the diamond , grabbed it , got out quickly , and ran out of the back door . by chance i saw a car waiting for me outside . i got into the car and gave the jewellery in exchange for my brother , took him and left the place . 
dear mr robertson , 
we would like to thank you for the programme which you have prepared for us . we really like the variety of our trip to london . the programme offers enjoyment and education , which is essential for young people . 
however , we would like to say that recently an advertisement for the london fashion and leisure show has been seen by one of your english class students . the show will be about the latest fashions , leisure and sports wear , make-up and hairstyles . 
in our opinion , we should go to the show . firstly , because we are keen on fashion . secondly , because we do not have to pay for the tickets . 
we have already organised our visit in a new programme . the show is on tuesday and we could go to see the show in the afternoon , instead of going shopping . we think that we can go shopping the next day , on wednesday , in our free time . 
we are looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely , 
students 
the home of the future
the future is unpredictable and human beings are afraid of dangers , such as tornados or earthquakes . thinking about home as a place to live is not already worth . we must think about home from another point of view . we need to make our home a place where we want to come back to after work or school . it has to be a pleasure to be there for us . what we really need in the next millennium is love , that is what will keep all the family together forever . do we care about a new carpet or fashionable furniture ? no , i do not think so . life is too short to think about possessives possessions . 
our houses will change because of new technology , which may make our life lives more comfortable . everything will be faster . we will get used to that . what depends on us , is the atmosphere we will have in our houses . the home of the future , for me , is a place of happiness . 
we cannot be aware of future technology , but we might still have some feelings for each other . 
cambridge 13 . 06 . 00
dear helen ryan , 
competition organiser
i am glad to know about the news that i have received . it is a dream become true dream come true and was really unexpected for me ! 
i would like to travel in july because it is more suitable for me . i think i will really enjoy it if i can stay in a tent . it is going to be a new experience and looks exciting . 
about the activities while at the camp , i would like to do swimming , not because i am good at it , just because i am keen on it and the other one is photography . 
as i never did this in my whole life could you tell me if we have to make our own meals or can i find everything ready to eat there ? if not , what do you suggest ? the same question for clothes and money . how much do i have to put in my pocket ? 
i hope has had your questions out of your mind . 
yours sincerely
cambridge 13 . 06 . 00
dear friend
kim
last month , i enjoyed helping at a pop concert in portugal . everything was new for me . i had to ( lyd ) tidy up the place where they have to wait for their turn . the group asked me to make sure that in the fridge they always could find a wide variety of drinks including honey and lemon for the throat . 
the other thing i had to do was keep an eye on the towels , i mean , dry towels because as you know that country is too hot , especially for my liking , and they have to change clothes and look fresh; don't ask me why . 
the pop concert happened in a big stadium called " mararcan " . 
i just did not enjoy it when they were making the instruments work for the big day . but what i particularly liked was to see and ask for autographs from the rest of the other groups to see the rest of the other groups and ask for their autographs . don't be jealous , i will make a copy for you , ok ? 
love
1st , june , 1st june 2000
dear ms ryan , 
i am writing to reply to your letter and i am so pleased to have won the prize . thank you very much ! 
in answer to your questions: i would like to travel in july . i am a full-time student , my summer holidays begin at the end of june and i have planned to work on my grandfather's farm in august . so july is the only time i will be free . secondly , i would prefer tents to log cabins . camping is my hobby and i sleep in tents every time i go camping . therefore , i am afraid i can't get used to log cabins easily . besides camping , i also like painting . my dad is an amateur painter , and i have been painting for 8 years . i'm good at portraits and landscapes . i would also like to play golf during my holiday , but i have never played it before . will i get any tuition ? 
finally , i should like to ask some questions . what is the weather like in california in july ? what kind of clothes should i pack ? if i want to buy some gifts , how much money should i take and can i use traveller's cheques in every place ? 
i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely , 
shopping is not always enjoyable
our lives are getting better and better , so people have begun to go shopping more frequently . it's always a great treat to go home with bags of purchases , but is it doing us any good apart from the temporary satisfaction ? 
everyone likes sales , but those so-called sale items are not really good value . in the fashion industry , sales begin at the end of each season and just last a short time , because those retailers want to make room for new stock . but you'll find your 'cool bargain' soon gets out of date and you have to keep buying new ones . also supermarket owners have invested a vast amount of money to find out the best way to place goods in order to get the most profit . therefore , we become impulsive buyers easily under the influence of these tricks . the result is we feel guilty after spending more than we've expected we expected , or even suffer from financial difficulty . 
shopping does not just affect us mentally , but also physically . it's not hard to realise how exhausted we are after a day of shopping . think of the awful crowds , the busy car parks , polluted air in the city centres and mile-long queues in front of the cash desks . i don't think anyone really likes to face them . but once you get there , they're just inevitable , aren't they ? 
well , now before you go shopping , think again and you'll realise it won't always be enjoyable . 
dear competition organiser , 
i am writing to reply to your letter and to ask for more details about the competition . 
firstly , i would like to say that i'm very glad to have been chosen and i will do my best for this competition . 
as you asked in the letter , i would like to travel only in july because i work at the central library and i'm also having english classes , so i will just have holidays in july . is that suitable for you ? 
as you mentioned about the accommodation , i would prefer to stay in a tent , because it's more exciting and i really love camping . 
i examined all the activities that you listed and i was disappointed to have to choose just two of them because in my opinion i'm good at almost all of these activities . however , i would choose sailing because i am fascinating fascinated with the sea and its mysteries and i also like the water , the wind in my face . . . the other one i would choose is basketball because i'm tall and very fast with the ball . 
finally i would like to know what kind of clothes we are supposed to wear there , and about the money we are supposed to bring to pay for food and things like that . 
i'm looking forward to receiving your prompt reply . 
sincerely
clara
dear kim , 
i am writing to tell you some news and to ask a little bit about you . 
first of all , i'm going to tell the good news . last month , i went to a pop concert with four bands playing . it was unbelievably unbelievable ! ! ! 
although there were 5 , 000 thousand people there , people could walk and dance without any problem . it was very well organised . the show started exactly on time and the group performed well too . i contributed to the concert by selling some tickets to my friends . 
however great the success of the concert , at the end of the show some full gays started a big confusion and some people got hurt . it was depressing . . . 
finally , i would like to know some news about you . what have you done ? are you studying a lot ? 
please write me a letter as soon as possible ! 
love from
clara . 
dear helen ryan , 
i have just received your letter which made me so happy . i cannot believe that i won first prize in your competition , because i always believed have always believed i am an unlucky man and now i think some things are changing in my life . 
i would like to come in july , because i am studying english and we have a one-month break in july , so please book my log cabin for july . 
i would prefer to stay in a cabin because i had some experience of tents in my childhood and it was not a very good experience , therefore i would like to stay in a cabin . 
you say in your letter i can do two activities from the list which features many exciting activities . 
i would definitely choose basketball and swimming which are my dream sports . i used to play in the school team when i was in high school and our team was one of the best basketball teams in the whole county and i am also very good at swimming . 
i would like to ask a few things , specially especially about the weather : what is the weather like in july in the u . s . a ? what kind of clothes will i need and how much money should i take with me ? because i have never been to the u . s . a . before i don't know anything about it . 
i am looking forward to your letter of reply . 
yours sincerely
i have never enjoyed doing shopping , but nowadays there are some people who are called shopaholic shopaholics . 
they are just like alcoholics and these people are every day going shopping go shopping every day because they cannot stop themselves unless they have not got money to spend . 
i cannot believe how they do this thing every day , even when i need something at home i always try to find something to use instead of that thing . because nowadays wherever you go there is a big queue and i hate waiting . 
the queues are not the only problem . if you go by car there is the problem of parking , if you go by bus there are also queues and you have to carry a lot of carrier bag carrier bags during your journey and you won't be always always be lucky enough to find a seat to sit . 
if you go shopping for clothes that is the worst kind of shopping . specially especially if you want to buy clothes with your girlfriend or if you are a girl , you have to be ready to spend hours trying on clothes . i really hate going shopping with girls to buy clothes because when they go into a shop they want to try on every single item of clothing and they do not realise the time . 
some people say " shopping is not always enjoyable " but for me it is definitely unenjoyable and i think it will be the same for the rest of my life . 
dear helen ryan:
my name is julia sanches and i have won first prize in your competition . i am now writing to tell you the information you have asked for about me:
i would like to travel in july because i will be on my school vacation , so i would not miss my classes . 
about the activities , i would like to do basketball and surfing . i play basketball at school twice a week and i enjoy it . although i do not play perfectly , i play quite well , but i would still like to practise . i go to the beach almost every weekend to improve my surfing - it is the sport i like best - and i think it would be a nice opportunity to practise surfing too . 
there are some things i would like to ask about : the type ( and quantity ) of clothes i will have to take , and if it is necessary to take some money or any additional stuff ( like raincoats ) . well , that is all . i look forward to receiving your letter . 
yours sincerely , 
julia sanches
is evil interesting ? 
since we were kids people have told us stories about two sides in conflict : the good and the bad side . the good always win , and we are told that the other part is bad , and that is the end of the story . but isn't evil interesting ? 
in the tale " it's a good life " , the author gives much more emphasis to witte anthony than to anyone else in the story . he is the main character , although he is mean , cruel and uningative . he controls the other people using the power of his mind . 
although the other people in the story are the good ones and suffer from his domination , they are quite poor and empty , not interesting and not well described , meanwhile anthony is a very interesting and different person , and all his thoughts are told to us by the author . 
in conclusion , even though we know that this character is good and this one is bad , sometimes the good ones are quite boring , and we find the bad ones much more interesting . 
dear helen , 
i am writing to you in order to give a reply to the kind letter i received from you . i cannot express how thankful i am for this beautiful prize . 
first of all , i would like to tell you that the only time i will be able to travel is in july , because before then i have to take some exams at university . 
in your letter you asked me whether i would prefer a tent or a log cabin . well , the answer is a log cabin , because i have a problem with my back . that is why i cannot sleep on the ground or in a sleeping bag . 
by the way , you also mention that i will have the chance to do two activities . well , the two activities that i would like to choose are basketball and singing . i have chosen those because i am quite good at playing basketball and i sing every weekend in the choir of the local church as well . 
finally , i would appreciate it if you let me know if i will have to take some clothes or money . i would like to know if i will have to pay for any other extra activities . 
i hope you will be able to answer all my queries . i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely , 
dear kim , 
thanks for the kind letter you sent me last week . the photographs are very nice and funny . by the way , you are a bit taller , aren't you ? 
well , the first thing i want to tell you is about the pop concert we had , last friday , here in our city . but to make the thing better i was chosen to help the band and the organisers of the concert . great ! 
as you know , i am a sound technician , so i helped them to set up the sound equipment and the instruments properly . then some hours before the concert , i met the band and they let me stay for the sound check . it was a really special time for me ! the members of the band were very nice and friendly to me . 
then , when the concert started , the organisers gave me an identity card , which was only for members of the staff . that card was the best thing that someone had ever given to me , because i was able to be on the scenery stage with the whole band ! it was the best time of my life . i felt really lucky . 
sorry if my experience was boring but i know you will enjoy it as much as i did . 
i look forward to hearing from you . i have sent you some photographs of me with the band . 
lots of love , 
dear ms ryan , 
thank you very much for your letter , which informed me that i have won the first prize of two weeks at camp california in the u . s . a . here is some information as requested . 
please note that i can only travel in july because of the summer holiday shut-down . it could be any day but please let me know nearer the time . 
i would prefer the log cabins to tents . i think the log cabin is more fun &amp; exciting . the activities that i would like to do are painting and playing golf . i won first prize for painting when i was at high school , and won third prize playing golf for a charity . 
could you please tell me what sort of clothes i need and how much money to take . 
i look forward to hearing from you and if you need more information , please do not hesitate to contact me . 
yours sincerely
sunee boonliang-hampson
shopping is not always enjoyable . 
shopping is an ordinary way of life . we always need fresh food such as vegetables , fruit , milk etc . at least most people will do their shopping twice a week for fresh food . you might think shopping is enjoyable but i don't think it is always enjoyable . you have to try to park your car first , and sometimes the car parks are full and after you have parked your car and gone got into the supermarket the product you wanted has run out so you have to change your plan for dinner or go to another supermarket to face a long queue . that makes you whole day for shopping which was not fun at all . 
june 13 , 2000
competition . organiser
helen ryan
dear madam:
i would like to travel to camp california only in july because during june i am very busy with my exams . i will take the f . c . e at the university of cambridge and other exams in several subjects at my high school . 
i prefer to stay in tents because it reminds me of my first school . it was great . by the way , i do not like to be alone . i would like to have lots of people near me . 
among those activities from which you told me that i have to choose i prefer singing and painting . i have just attended classes in them . my father was a great singer and he has been helping me . painting is a challenge because it is very hard for me . but i love to paint and i intend to know everything about it . 
i want to know what kind of clothes i have to wear there and how much money i will spend . i want to know if i can take my cellular phone , too . 
sincerely
margaret bornete goods
shopping is not always enjoyable . 
women love shopping . i am a woman so i love it a lot . every weekend i and my boyfriend go to the b . h shopping center . i live in site belo and he lives near the b . h . shopping center . i retired four years ago and my life is very boring . when i am very sad i like to buy something and sometimes it makes me happy . i bought a lot of shoes , clothes and books last week . he was with me and suddenly he became very angry . he told me that i was very stupid . i tried to buy a handsome suit for him but he shouted and abandoned me with my bags . i took a cab and went to my house . i cried a lot because my life is really very stupid . i decided to stop buying those things that i don't really need . i intend to continue studying and return to work because when our life is empty everything looks ugly and sad . i know deep in my heart sometimes shopping is not enjoyable . but i am a woman . we are different . we need different things to men . yesterday he called me and told me that he loves me , anyway . i believe him because he is a great man . i hope that he forgets about my shopping . and i decided i will go shopping alone . at last i am really a great woman and i love myself . 
dear miss ryan , 
i am very glad to hear that i have won the prize and thank you very much for that . here is the information you want , i hope it is useful . 
first of all , july is the only month i can travel , because i have got exams at school and i won't finish them until the last day of june . and in august , i have to go back to school to do some class work and i have got a camp to organise . so i would like to travel in july . secondly , i would prefer the accommodation to be in tents . since i haven't been camping in tents i would like to take this chance to feel and experience what it is like . 
about the activities , i chose swimming and climbing . i am in the swimming team at school and i won a prize last month . although i'm not good at climbing , i want to experience it for myself . 
i would like to ask what is the weather in the usa like and what kind of clothes should i wear . and i was wondering how much money i have to take . also , if i can go climbing , what do i have to bring ? lastly thank you very much for answering my questions . 
yours sincerely , 
dear kim , 
it was lovely to hear that you want to hear about my experience . i helped at the concert , which was my favourite singer's concert . 
i helped with the piano part in that concert . at the concert , i had to play 4 songs and i had never played in a concert before , so i felt very nervous before the concert . 
but it was a good experience for me because i learnt how to calm down and play well in front of the audience at the concert . and also i have never played the piano with singers before , and that makes me more confident and has improved my skills a lot . when the concert finished my favourite singer talked to me &amp; they invited me to play the piano in their next concert and they said that because i performed well in that concert . they taught me a lot about playing piano as well . 
lastly , thank you for sharing my experience . i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
best wishes
yours sincerely , 
dear miss hellen ryan:
i am really happy to get such wonderful news from you . in order to claim the prize , i would like to travel , if it is possible , in july because i am a student and my summer break is during that month , july . 
i would prefer to stay in a cabin because i have not had really really had good experiences of camping in tents . last time a bear came inside while i was in the tent . i love sports so i would like to play some basketball at the camp . by the way , my team and i won the last school championship . i play guard on my team . i also like tennis but i am not very good . i was wondering if you could give me some lessons while i am there . 
i do not have words to express how happy i am . i would like to thank you and camp california for this opportunity . hoping to hear from you soon . 
raul pedro ybarra s
since man became man he has needed to hunt survive to survive . in ancient times he used spears , bows and arrows , and the woman's role was to collect items like vegetables and stuff . 
nowadays , in the year 2000 we still practise this ancient art but in a different way , we don't use weapons for hunting animals in the jungle , we use the remote to hunt tv shows , and we do not collect vegetables any more , we go shopping . 
this activity of shopping has become one of our most important , after all , we go shopping for any reason , we have developed such an instinct for shopping that we can proudly say that we are some sort of kings of the urban jungle . 
if an activity has stayed with us , mankind , for so long , it must give us some pleasure and maybe that's why shopping has become such an important thing in our lives because it gives you pleasure when you find what you have been looking for and if you can get it for less than the price marked on it , that is the greatest of ecstasies . 
but where is the bad part of it ? well shopping can became horrible at christmas for example , when hundred hundreds of people go to the shopping centre and it also can cause many problems when you become an impulsive buyer . 
anyways anyway shopping is with us and it will stay with us for a long time . 
13th june 2000
dear ms ryan
i received your letter and i am writing to give you the information you asked for . 
first of all i would like to travel only in july because i am going to work in august to earn money and after that ( from september to june ) i go to university as usual . 
about accommodation at camp california , i would rather be in a tent than in a log cabin because in july the weather is really good and when i am in a tent i feel closer to nature . 
i choose climbing and sailing for the activities . although i have never climbed ( so i am a complete beginner ) , i am very interested in learning climbing to climb . i sailed a long time ago so i am quite a beginner at that too . 
finally i would like to know what sort of clothes i should bring and also if i should bring some money . you can contact me for further information . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely , 
astrid de martel perrault
13th june 2000
dear kim , 
i was happy to receive your letter and , as you asked me , i will tell you about my experience and how great it was . 
the most exciting thing when you help at a pop concert is that you can meet popstars , and , indeed , i met our favourite popstar ! i talked to him and we ate a sandwich together talking about his album . i will never forget that moment . but don't worry , i thought about you and he signed an autograph for you . you will find it with this letter . 
on the other hand i worked very hard because the concert finished very late and after the concert i had to clean up the hall and you can't imagine how dirty the fans are ! but i could stand up on the stage and talk with the musicians . 
when i have received the photos i took , i will write to you again to give them to you . 
looking forward to hearing from you
love , astrid
i feel very happy to be the winner of your competition . i would like to travel in july only , because they will need me at work in august . 
i would prefer to sleep in a tent because i have never done it and i think it is an experience not to be missed , a very original adventure ! 
i would like to do singing and swimming . regarding the first activity , i must tell you that i am very keen on singing but that i have very little experience in it . 
concerning swimming , i do this sport once a week by myself , so i am just an amateur , not a great swimmer ! 
otherwise , i would like to ask you what clothes i will have to take in my luggage . what is the weather like in july ? is it worth taking a raincoat ? should i take trainers ? 
finally , how much money must i bring with me ? is it necessary to ask for travellers' cheques ? or is it better to take only an international credit card ? 
going shopping is a good thing when you don't know what else to do but it also has many disadvantages . 
first of all , shopping is tiring because of the people who are doing the same thing as you the same day ! especially if you go shopping on a saturday , when people are on weekend . the streets are crowded and you can't walk easily . you are embarrassed with the people who are so close to you that you can't walk as fast as you want . 
secondly , shopping is stressful , especially if you have to find a particular item of clothing for a special day and nothing fits you . it can be discouraging . or if you look for a present and you can't find it . 
however , shopping is entertaining if you don't know what else to do . you can discover a lot of things if you are abroad and learn a lot about the life of local people . moreover , it is fun to try on many different types of clothes and to see what you look like in various clothes , especially if you are in a foreign country . it can be fun ! 
finally , shopping can help you to feel happy if you are down in the dumps , if you feel horrible . for instance , if you try on an item of clothing which fits you well , it can contribute to making you feel better . 
dear helen ryan , 
thank you for the letter you wrote to me to inform me about the prize i won . i was so happy ! i couldn't believe it . 
if it is possible i would like to travel in july because school is finishing on the 28th june and i have already accepted a job for august . 
i think it would be fun to stay in a tent those two weeks . i have never done that before , but my friends told me that i would enjoy it . 
as you offer many activities it was hard to choose which ones i want to do , but i decided to take swimming and photography , because i am very good at swimming and because i am currently attending a photography course in vienna . i am not very experienced but i think that i will find a lot of beautiful motives in the usa . 
it would be very kind if you could inform me about how much money i have to take with me and what clothes i will need . 
yours sincerely 
dear kim , 
thank you for the card you wrote to me . i hope you enjoyed your holidays . 
i spent some great days in vienna where i had the chance to help at the concert of pearl jam pearl jam concert . 
the first thing i did was to control check the tickets of the fans who came to the concert together with a friend of mine , together with a friend of mine , was to check the tickets of the fans who came to the concert . 
there was always a lot of security stuff around us to make sure everything was ok , because there really were thousands of people . 
then we had time to listen to the music . 
the other thing i had to do was to make some sandwiches and drinks just before they returned backstage to rest a little bit before they continued playing . it was amazing to be in the same room they were in . edi vedder even talked to me about their programmes ! 
i think that i will never see them again face-to-face , but i will never forget those two days - being so close to them , unbelievable ! 
hope to see you soon ! 
yours
dear ms ryan
i'm writing to reply to your questions about camp california . first of all , thank you very much for giving me such a good opportunity . i'm very pleased and i'd like to go to the states as soon as possible , however i'm free only in july . currently i'm studying in england and the school finishes at the end of june . after that i will go back to japan and continue studying at college , but it starts at the beginning of august . 
as for the accommodation , i would prefer log cabins . i'm not the kind of person who can easily fall asleep and it gets worse when i am in a tent . 
at the camp i'd like to do climbing and golf . i belonged to a climbing club at my high school and i've got a lot of knowledge from my experienced teacher . i often climbed mountains when i was in high school . my golf teacher is my father and i've only played in a practising centre , but my father and his friends say i have good talent for golf . 
lastly , i'd like to ask you some questions . that is how many and what sort of clothes i need and how much money i should bring . 
i'm looking forward to your reply . 
yours sincerely , 
i think we should follow our time table if we make a video about daily school life , but we cannot film every lesson so i picked out some interesting ones . 
firstly , we should definitely put the news review lesson in , because we start every morning with that class and it is where we have a lot of discussion . 
secondly , i think the fce class should be filmed . most of us ( students ) came to our school because they wanted to study english , so it should be the important part . in addition , if we film the class , people can see how interesting or funny the lesson is . 
then why don't we film our lunch time because it is also important , isn't it ? i think we should film it at the very crowded moment so that people can see we have to wait patiently before we reach our food . 
i think , next we can film either the development class or the society class , because in my opinion they are the most interesting classes apart from the fce class . 
for the very last part , why not film our faces when all the lessons are finished ? 
dear helen ryan
my name is steven . i am i was very surprised when i got the letter from you and heard that i have won the prize . going to go to go on a camp in california in the u . s . a . for one week . 
and you need some information from me . about when would i like to go ? , i think i would love to go in july , because it is a good time for camping and the weather is lovely at this time of the year . 
and the most important reason is because i am still a student . and i study at london international school . so july is my end of year holiday . so i would be happy to go in july . and about the accommodation at camp , i would like to stay in a tent because it has more of a feeling of the adventure that's called camping . and in the letter that you sent to me you also want's want me to choose two activities to do while i am at the camp . so i will choose two activities that i am good at and not good at . the first one is the one that i am good at and it is basketball . i usually play basketball at school and play for the school team . and the second activity is the one that i am not good at and i have never tried before is surfing . i would love to try surfing because it is a very interesting sport and uses a lot of power and energy so now is the end of the letter . and i want to know more about the money . can you give me more information about the money that i need to bring with me ? 
thank you for every thing everything 
yours sincerely
frank steven . 
shopping is not always enjoyable . 
now let's start with shopping at the beverley centre . the beverley centre area is the place that the teenagers like to go shopping at the most . but some teenagers like to go to bolton market . because everyone has different thinking like beverley centre beverley centre if you go there every day or every week for shopping you will get very bored because some times sometimes there are too many people everywhere , like in the restaurant restaurants and shops . it makes you feel you want to go home . and about the traffic , sometimes it makes you feel you don't want to go out because of the traffic . and if you never know money or you have less money shopping is not enjoyable for you i am sure . and shopping in the market is one thing that i am not going to do , because all the smells in the market are awful - there is the smell of the meat and dirty water , black and smelly water , all over the market street . i think of it it's make my shopping enjoyable . and that's why some times sometimes shopping is enjoyable , because of the place and people . 
dear mr. ryan , 
thank you very much for the kind letter you have sent me . i am very pleased and very excited that i have won - i can't wait to go to the camp ! 
at present , i am taking my exams and am fully occupied with studying . however , i will be free in july - but please note that this is the only time i'll be free to travel to california . 
for the accommodation , i would like to stay in tents as i have never slept in one before . it would also be a chance to try it out for the first time in my life . 
i would also like to take tennis and painting activities while staying at the camp . i've played tennis for eight years now and have competed in many matches . i take painting as my hobby as well , even though i have never taken proper lessons . 
also , can you please be kind enough to tell me what sort of clothes i should take ? would the weather be quite hot ? would you recommend me to take an extra bottle of sun block ? 
lastly , can you please tell me how much money would be appropriate to take ? would there be a bank near the camp ? 
thank you for taking the time to answer my questions . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely , 
midori fuyu
dear kim , 
hi ! how are you ? thanks for your letter . 
you want to know everything about the concert ? okay - here it goes ! 
two hours before the concert began , i arrived at the hall . god , i was so excited ! already everything was set up , the group's instruments , lights , microphones . . . i quickly helped others to decorate and to 'polish' off the hall - we blew up as many balloons as we could and sprayed them gold and silver . 
the concert went terrifically , too ! there must have been hundreds out there - dancing , laughing , shouting . . and i was having the time of my life ! i handed out refreshment to the pop group's members during breaks - my friends were so jealous of me ! 
at the end of the concert , when it was after midnight and everyone had already left , the group came up to each of us ( who helped out ) and thanked us personally ! i mean , isn't that really nice of them ? we shook hands and they even wrote ( scribbled ? ) their signatures on my t-shirt ! i guess this was the best part of the night ! 
really , kim , you should try this out some time . even though i was exhausted , it was really worth it ! 
anyway , now i'm back to the real world - i have exams next week , wish me luck ! 
best wishes , 
dear helen ryan , 
first of all i would like to appreciate thank you for your generous award . i have been dreaming of a holiday for such a long time . now i have the opportunity so i shall inform you fully . 
i would like to travel in july because i will be working for the rest of the summer . i would like to stay in a log cabin , since i can't sleep in tiny , narrow areas . i have been sailing in the mediterennean for eight years and i have been playing tennis for four years so i would like to choose sailing and tennis as activities . 
i would like to ask you about the sort of clothes i am supposed bring . i know that i will need sports equipment such as tennis shoes , a few sports shirts and shorts . also deck shoes and a waterproof jacket for sailing but besides that , will i need anything else ? 
what's my fund limit ? i would really appreciate it if you could write back . 
yours sincerely 
dear kim , 
i received your letter . i do not want to keep you curious any longer . the opportunity of being able to help in the concert knocked on my door by chance . i heard they were looking for volunteers to help at the pop concert . i , of course , jumped at it . the idea of meeting a pop singer known worldwide just made my heart punch my ribcage . the concert was already filled up with thousands of , although it was really early . we , the volunteers , first unravelled the cables , and set up the microphones and some instruments . then we were told go backstage and make sure everything was perfect . after a fantastic concert , i actually had the chance to meet britney spears . she is a very nice person . i managed to scavenge an autograph for you as well , i will put it in the envelope . 
waiting to hear from you , 
take care ! 
melina
dear mrs . ryan:
i am writing because i received your letter saying that i won first prize , a two week holiday at camp california in the u . s . a , and that you need further information from me . 
firstly , i would like to travel in july , because it is the only month i have holidays in . 
secondly , i would like to stay in a log cabin because i think they're more comfortable than tents , also because i don't like to sleep in tents very much , i think they're very cold during the night
about the activities , i have chosen basketball because i enjoy playing it , and also because i know how to play very well . i used to be the captain of the team of basketball basketball team in my school , because i was the best player , and i think i can still remember how to play . the second activity i chose was tennis . i am not so good , but i know how to play . i have played several times with my friends . 
to finish i would like to ask you for toiletries like , for example , shampoo , soap , etc . so that i don't have to carry them in my luggage . i think they would just occupy extra space . 
another thing i would like to ask you for is money . i think it will be an expensive trip and i don't have enough money to pay for it . nevertheless i need money for restaurants and the souvenirs that i can buy in the camp . 
i think that's all , and i look forward to hearing from you soon . 
yours sincerely , 
santiago rico s
shopping is not always enjoyable because of several factors . 
one could be when you go into a shop and you find something that you like , and you decide to buy it , but when you see the price , you find out that it's too expensive , and you cannot afford to buy it . the only thing you say is , " if i had more money , i would buy it " , or " i wish i had more money . " 
another factor could be when you are in a shop and you are not attended to . the people that work in the shop are doing other things and cannot help you , so you have to look for the things you want to buy on your own . i think this is a common problem in shops , and that's why sometimes people leave the shop without buying anything , and i think the solution would be to hire more workers . 
the third and last factor would be when you like a certain type of clothes , and you don't find any of that kind . you just find the type of clothes you would never wear . this situation is very annoying for most people , and that's what makes shopping unenjoyable . 
dear helen ryan , 
i am very happy to answer your letter , which i received this morning . i am very exciting excited by the wonderful news . 
well , i am starting to make a plan for my trip , and the only time i have is in july because i will have finished my language course at st jame's school . 
about accommodation i would prefer a cabin , because i suffer from allergic allergies , and i think a tent would not be very suitable for my health . 
i am very happy to have the opportunity to do some sports . i'm very good at swimming and surfing . swimming i won last summer's i won last summer's swimming competition in the school . although i'm not very good at surfing i like it , and i always practise on my holidays every year . 
i would like to know if it is necessary for me to bring some money , and if we will have time to visit the city . about the clothes , do i have to bring some winter clothes ? 
i'm very grateful to hear from you . 
yours sincerely
dear kim , 
i was very happy to receive your letter . 
it's wonderful that you are going to attend a pop concert . i'm sure you will enjoy it . you asked me to tell you about my experience helping at the concert last week . 
well , let me tell you , first of all i was very nervous . you know it was my first time at such an event . i was asked to put in order all the chairs all the chairs in order for the singer . this was only in the beginning . after that i needed to check all the microphones . however , i was not very sure this i enjoyed i enjoyed this . after that all the singers arrived and i was in charge of greeting them and giving them something to drink . you can imagine how excited i was , especially because i always wanted some photographs of them and this was a special moment and i realise realised i hadn't brought my camera . i was very sad . 
well , kim , remember if they ask you to help go . you will see how wonderful an experience it is . 
write to me and tell me about your concert . 
give my regards to your boyfriend . 
with love . 
dear mr. ryan , 
i am so glad . i have won first prize in your competition ! it was a really big surprise for me . i will join the camp california in the u . s . a . with pleasure . 
i would like to travel there in july , because i can only have holiday in july . in june and in august i will have to work , so it would be rather impossible for me to join camp california then . i would like to have accommodation in a log cabin because i think it is more comfortable than a tent . so if i could choose i would like to stay in a log cabin . being at the camp i would like to swim and to play tennis . i have been swimming for 10 years and i have played tennis since i was 9 years old and i like those activities best . 
i think i am best in horse riding; i even have my own horse , so if it is possible i would like to ride horses at camp california . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely
felicia zajac
it was a bright , sunny day . i woke up early in the morning and i decided to go shopping . 
warsaw's , , clif'' is my favourite shopping centre so i went there . i saw a beautiful , long dress . i decided to try it on . 
- what is your size - said the shop-assistant . 
- 36 - i said . 
- och , i am very sorry , but we have run out of size 36 . 
i was going to the chemist to buy some eye-shadow , when i saw black , suede shoes . those shoes must be mine ! - i thought . i went in and i asked the shop assistant if i could try them on . 
- yes , of course- she replied- but what is your size ? 
- 38 - i said . 
- i am very sorry but we do not have 38 . 
i was very angry . i had some money , i wanted to spend it , but ? ! everything did not suit me ! it was enough ! i came back home - tired and angry . surely it was not the best day for shopping . i did not buy anything , although i tried . 
so as we can see - shopping is not always enjoyable . 
dear miss ryan:
i received your letter about the two weeks at camp california . i am writing back in response to your requests and because i have some questions also about those two weeks . 
first of all , i would rather travel in july , and if it's possible , during the first two weeks because i will be starting college at the end of the summer and therefore i have a lot of paperwork to get done . 
about the accommodation , i would rather stay in a log cabin . i am not that much of a " nature " person and besides i have been feeling a little sore for the last few days and it would be better for my back than a sleeping bag . 
i would like to play tennis and go surfing . i must say i am quite good at tennis . i started playing very young , and i've never stopped playing it since then . i couldn't say the same about surfing though . i've done it only twice in my entire life but i really enjoyed doing it . 
and one last thing , i would like to know about what kind of clothes i should take , if i have to take some money with me and if there are any expenses i have to cover at the camp . 
if you have any questions , please do not hesitate to write or call me . i will be waiting to hear from you
sincerely , 
lolita a . s . 
dear kim: hi ! how are you ? how has your family been ? i hope you are doing well , i am and so is my family and everything around here . you are not going to believe what happened last month ! ! ! i helped korn at a concert they had at the auditorium . i met this guy at a party . his name is jimme , he is a really nice guy . maybe you will meet him one day . so , it turned out that jimme was organizing the concert and he asked me and three of my friends if we wanted to help at the concert . our job was to make the band feel comfortable and to give them anything they wanted . the guys from korn were really nice to us and we had a great time with them . we even had our pictures taken with them and they gave us their autographs . it was so much fun , we had a great time that night . well , i have to go , i have an exam tomorrow and i haven't studied at all . please write back . love , lolita . 
dear helen ryan , 
i received your letter , so i am writing to you to give you some information about me . 
i would like to travel in july because i finish school in june and i go to great britain in august for one month . 
if i can choose my accommodation , i prefer staying in a tent . i prefer this accommodation because i think it's easier to meet people when you stay in a tent , near them , than when you stay in a log cabin . 
i want to play tennis and to go swimming . i haven't played tennis before , so i am not good . i go to the swimming pool two times a week , so i am good at this sport . 
could you tell me what sort of clothes i will have to wear to play tennis ? 
could you tell me if i will need money for my dinners ? 
yours sincerely . 
eric durand
there are a lot of activities and lessons at our school , so i think it's difficult to choose some of them . i think the best choice is to show many types of activities . 
we could show the team spirit of our school through sports activities like soccer , basketball or handball . we could also show cultural activities: there are a lot of music clubs and painting clubs in our school . i think it could be interesting to show how students work to write the newspaper of school school newspaper . 
at the end , we can also show where we can be relaxed . we should film our pub and a roomful of students . all these activities which should be filmed are part of our daily life at our school . 
13/june/2000
dear helen ryan , 
first of all , i would like to thank you for giving me the news about my prize . regarding your questions i would respond that july would be the month i could go to the camp , because my job finishes at the end of june . that way i should have plenty of time available for the camp . 
to answer your next question , i would rather stay in a log cabin . the thing is , i have a phobia about insects and my doctor recommended that i should sleep in an enclosed area . 
regarding the question you asked about activities my answer would be climbing and swimming . i choose these two activities because i used to practise do them a long time ago and besides i would say i have the skills and ability to do them . 
one more thing that is concerning me and which you didn't mention . i would like to ask you if it's necessary to take money , food and clothes with me . 
with nothing further to add , i would like to thank you once again
yours sincerely
amidio s . 
student report
now that the students have gathered together this year to make a video about the best lessons and activities that we have in school , everything possible of course with help of teacher mr. westbrook . 
it would be my suggestion to the producers of this video that they should focused focus on our writing and culture lessons . for culture lessons we don't need to go so far back in time ; for the last 60 years our culture has been changing enormously and we can talk about computers , wars , cars , weapons , etc . . . . 
students should be aware of what's happening in their lives , shouldn't they ? 
my next suggestion would be sports . although lots of people don't believe it , our school has a sporting image . i think the video would encourage students to do sports and be good atheletes . besides , that would keep us away from drugs , don't you think ? 
thanks . 
amidio s . 
dear mrs helen ryan , 
i have received a letter from you saying that i have won the first prize in your competition and you need some information from me . 
i would like to travel in july because my holidays are only in that month and the weather in california is better then . i am that kind of person who enjoys having a wild and simple life , so i prefer to stay in tents . 
about the activities , the first one i would like to do is play basketball , which i have a lot of experience playing . the second one is sailing , but i am not so good at this sport . 
i would like to know some more information about the camp , before i leave , what . what clothes are most appropriate and how much money should i take with me ? 
yours sincerely
augusto roy
dear kim , 
how is everything ? is your dog better ? well here i'm very fine . i bought a new t . v . . it's very big and i love it ! 
in your last letter you said that you want to know about my experience at the pop concert . i enjoyed it very much . it was great ! there i helped with the special effects and the sound . they liked me so much and invited me to be responsible for the lights and sound . i told them that i will think about it but i believe i will accept the job . 
the most incredible part was the laser show . they were drawing a lot of things in the sky during the concert . 
next time i'll take you and your friend monica . i'm sure that you are going to love it . 
please write back
love and peace
augusto . 
hi helen , 
i'm very excited because i won the first prize and my family is very proud of me . 
about the things you asked me in your letter , i would like to go to camp california in july because that's the month when term ends and i have my vacations and i think it would be much easier that month . about my accommodation at the camp , i would prefer to stay in a log cabin because it's safer than being in a tent and because you sleep more comfortable comfortably . the activities that i would like to do are singing , because my friend told me that i'm good at it , and the other activity that i would like to do is climbing because i think it is very exciting although i have never tried climbing , because there are no mountains in my city . 
i just want to ask you about something else . how many jeans , pants , sweaters etc . . . do i have to take ? and how much money do i need to bring in my pocket ? 
i appreciate the opportunity that you are giving me and i'm very grateful to you guys . 
atte . henrique aguilar
dear kim i'm having a great time here in brazil , i have been going out with some friends and now i have a girlfriend . she's very nice and very pretty too . well on march 11th there was a group here in brazil called " los jagoares " , they sing pop music . and it's they are one of my favourites and as you know i have a cousin that works as an organizer for all the bands that would like to have a concert in brazil and when my cousin knew that my favourite band was coming he called me and asked me if i would like to help them to install the speakers , microphones etc . . . and i said , " sure man . " that night i went to the stadium and i met the singer . his name is saul hernadez and he is very funny . that night i had a lot of fun with them and of course i was in the first row at the concert . it was the best day of my life . i hope you are having fun and that you are ok . your friend henrique . 
dear sir/madam , 
i am writing in order to give you some further information that you required for camp california . 
first of all , i would like to travel only in july due to my work commitment . i am only allowed to take holiday in july . 
concerning accommodation , i would prefer to stay in log cabins . log cabins are bigger , more stable and usually more comfortable than tents . 
as requested , i have chosen two activities - sailing and surfing . i am quite experienced at surfing - i have participated in some competitions - whereas i am not at all experienced at sailing . 
i would like know if i need any particular clothes or if there could be any extra expenses for the camp . also , i would like to know if there is going to be a qualified instructor for activities since i am a beginner at sailing as mentioned before . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours faithfully , 
kan seo
dear kim , 
how are you ? thanks for your last letter . it was great to hear from you . 
i'm sorry i haven't written before , but as you know , i've been very busy because i was helping at a pop concert last month . 
i have thoroughly enjoyed the experience . i helped people setting up and decorating the concert hall which was great help for my major subject - you know that my subject is design . i also had to distribute the flyers . 
what i particularly enjoyed was meeting the famous musicians i have been dreaming of seeing . the day i shook their hands , i thought i was over the moon ! i will never forget that day . 
write soon and let me know what you have been doing . 
lots and lots of kisses , 
dear ms ryan
i'm very much surprised to receive your letter announcing the winner of the first prize in your competition and i'm looking forward to spending two weeks at camp california . 
because i'm studying at the moment and i won't have my holidays till july , this , that is the month that best suits me . the second week of july would be perfect to start my trip . 
i would rather sleep in a log cabin . i think it will be much more comfortable than a tent . 
the leisure activities sound fantastic , especially climbing and photography . i'm very keen on climbing . i joined a climbing club in my town for 2 years ago and have reached the top of several middle-high mountains . the other activity i would like to try is photography . i have no previous experience of it but i want to learn a lot . 
however , there are some questions that i want to ask you . do i need a passport to travel ? what kind of clothes would be appropriate , winter or summer ? are there any food service at the camp ? 
i hope to hear from you soon . 
yours sincerely
this is a report to plan and suggest ideas for the daily-life video at school . the activities suggested are written below . 
the opening of the school , recording the students while they meet outside the school and come in , could be a good beginning . it would reflect the atmosphere when they meet early in the morning . 
filming lessons such as grammar lessons and speaking either theory lessons or practice would give a general idea about a day at school and how students work on their lessons . 
why don't we include some sports , for example , volleyball ? the team has been training very hard during the last weeks . and they'll certainly feel very proud of being in the video . 
the music lessons and the singing club in the afternoon are very popular among students from all courses . practically the whole school would appear on the video . 
i think that if we mix lessons with sports activities the combination will give us complete success . 
dear madam 
my name is alois blau and i'm very happy that i've won this competition . unfortunately i can only travel in july , because i have to attend school until june the 30th and in august i have to work in an office to get some work experience . i hope that's possible . 
i would prefer staying in a tent during the two weeks because i think a tent is more natural . a log cabin doesn't sound like a camping holiday . it sounds like a summer holiday on the coast of italy . 
from the activities you've offered i want to do golf and surfing . i've never done either in my life , so i am a complete beginner at playing golf and at surfing golf and at surfing . but the reason i want to try these two activities is their image . golf is played by wealthy people , a town's upper class , and surfing sounds like freedom . 
there is only one more question i want to ask: can i take my girlfriend with me , of course , paying paying , of course ? 
i hope all my wishes are realisable . 
yours
in my opinion shopping is not always enjoyable . very often , for example on friday afternoon or saturday , there are so many people in the shopping centre that you can't move forwards or backwards . many people say that this is real shopping , when you queue for hours only to pay for a pair of socks or a bottle of mineral water at the supermarket . i think you can't really enjoy shopping when there are hundreds of people and everyone wants to buy something . 
i like going shopping during the week , when i can look at each item a store sells . but for me it is better when i go at the weekend because then i don't spend so much money because i think before i have to queue for half an hour to buy something ! 
dear helen ryan , 
i am writing to thank you for notifying me about the competition and i would be very grateful to give to you the information that was required requested in your letter . 
i regret to inform you that i have had some problems in my full-time sales assistant job so , i would rather travel only in july than other months . 
about the accommodation , i would like you to take careful consideration of the fact that i am asthmatic , so i would appreciate it if you could reserve a bed in a log cabin . 
your letter also mentioned some kind of activities in which we can get involved during the camp . i would like to choose painting and photography which are my favourite ones . i have recently finished a three-year course in painting and i have always been fascinated by photography . 
on the other hand , i would also like to know about some further details like whether we need to bring with us some clothes some clothes with us or whether they will be provided for us and if we need some money in case we have to buy something . 
i hope to see you soon . 
yours sincerely , 
dear kim , 
hi . how are you ? you may be asking why i haven't written to you before . well , i've been very busy , you know . two weeks ago i enrolled in a group to help on building a stage for a concert to be given by a famous singer . 
the activities lasted almost 2 and a half days . 
the first day we had to go to the airport to bring all the equipment by lorry to the camp . it was really awful and hard . i finished the day extremely tired . however , the second day was less heavy than the first one . we just worked on building the stage and all that sort of thing . putting the instruments in the right place , testing all the microphones as well as the sound was the rest of the job . 
at the end i must confess that it was really amazing hang up and down all the equipment , which varied from small microphones to a marvellous huge black tv screen . 
if you have this opportunity one day , you had better buy the ticket to the concert or just watch it on tv but never do something like this just to get a free pass . 
my regards to your family . write to me soon . 
dear helen ryan
thank you for your letter informing me that i have won the competition . below are the answers to the questions that you have asked me . 
firstly i will be able to travel only only be able to travel in july because my class starts the month after . 
secondly , although the log cabins appeal to me , i would prefer a tent because i think it is more comfortable and attractive . 
finally i would like to do basketball and swimming , because in my school i used to do those sports a lot . i still do so even now at a sports center , but not much . 
let me know what kind of clothing i have to take with me as well as how much money we will need . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely
shopping is not always enjoyable
nowadays most people are attracted to shopping centers , which are not always enjoyable . so , i have some opinions about this , which i would like to tell . 
first of all , i think people have to be careful about the things that they buy because probably are not good quality , which is very annoying . 
secondly , people have to look after their money in the shops , and not spend it on things that they don't need , because by the end of the month they won't have any money . 
finally i think the products of the shops shops' products are good quality and reasonably priced , but sometimes the shop's staff is not very friendly to you . i don't think it's very nice to buy things there , with these people . 
dear helen ryan
i am very impressed that i have won your competition . as the letter said that all questions you would like to know , i'm going to give you in the following:
firstly , i would like to travel in july only because i have two months' holiday which are july and august . i choose july because it is the only month that i think i'm free . in august i have to work . 
secondly , i prefer the tents because i've never been in a tent so i would like to try . 
thirdly , for the activities i would like to choose climbing and photography . i have never done them before . the only reason is i would like to try and i think they are matching activities . when you climb the mountain you can take photographs of the views . 
finally , i would like to ask you about money and clothes . how much money do i have to bring ? and what is the weather like ? which what clothes i could bring them to be suit the weather . 
yours sincerely
sintawichai chaow
shopping is not always enjoyable
shopping is when humans people go to the shops and buy what they want . however , i think this word is for women because they like beautiful clothes and all sorts of things . 
anyway , shopping is not always enjoyable as the title states because firstly you will get tired because you have to walk in and out the shops . secondly you will get angry at the bad manners of the assistants in the shop . thirdly , if you're fat you won't find your size . fourthly , that product is too expensive for you and the last problem is you buy too many things but you have not got your own car so you have to carry big boxes by yourself . 
i think if you have lots of money and don't know what to do with it , do not go shopping give the money to charity . that is better than shopping . in my opinion it is true it is boring . it might be because i am a boy . 
dear helen ryan
thank you very much for the prize of two weeks at camp california in the usa . in the following there is some further information from me . 
i would like to travel only in july , because i have so many assignments to finish before the end of june . i do not think i have enough time to prepare some things to travel before july . in fact , i really do not mind staying in log cabins , but i have never stayed in a tent before . i think it might be fun to try to stay in a tent this time . i would prefer to choose tennis and swimming . i used to be a tennis player when i was fifteen . i won first prize two years ago . the other activity is swimming . i started to learn when i was five years old . i was a swimming teacher for a year in a sports club . now i own a swimming school and train the staff every week . i think both activities i have chosen are suitable for me and i am sure i can do well . 
what type of clothes should i bring with me ? and is there any equipment i need to bring with me ? i would like to know how much money i need to spend while camping . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely
( mali ratana ) 
13th july 2000
dear kim
thank you very much for your letter , which i just got last week . how are you ? i hope you are having a nice summertime summer now . i wondered who had told you that i helped at a pop concert last month . anyway , it doesn't matter now who told you , but i was very happy and enjoyed it . well , i am going to tell you about it . 
first of all , i had to be trained by the concert staff for a day . before the concert started i had to help the staff prepare a stage , doing things like putting the instruments where they should be on the stage . and then , i had to help the singer to put on some make-up . i was very frightened i might put too much make-up on their faces , but everything was all right . after that , i had to help them to prepare some lunch when the concert started . i was running around to find something i could do , like serving some drinks for the staff or the singers . 
after the concert finished i had to help them clean up everything . i was so tired , but happy . i really like to help people without getting something back . this experience i was so proud of i was so proud of this experience and very happy . i don't think i wasted my time at all . i spent my free time helping them and it's made it made my life a little bit busy . i think i have learnt a lot from this experience . when helping people you should not expect anything back , except happiness and enjoyment . 
well , i think i must stop writing now . i hope you enjoyed hearing about my experience . i hope to see you sometime next month . 
love
13 . 06 . 2000
dear mrs ryan , 
your letter which says i won first prize in your competition has just arrived . i would love to come to the camp in california . thank you very much for making my dreams real . i always wanted to go and see the usa ! 
i would like to answer your questions about this trip . first of all , i'm living in leeds and also studying english at a college . therefore , i need to wait until my college's lessons have finished . if possible i would prefer to come in july . before now , i have usually stayed in log cabins , but i have never had the chance to stay in a tent . in my opinion , saying staying in tents is more exciting than staying in log cabins . that's why i would love to live in a tent for 2 weeks ! 
in addition , i've just learnt from your letter that i can do some sporting activities during the camp . i'm very happy about this because i spent most of my school life playing sports , especially basketball . but , after starting to work , i haven't had any opportunity to play basketball . now , you are giving me an opportunity . as my second activity , i would like to choose photography , because my education included photography . i love taking photographs of nature . 
meanwhile , i'd like to ask some questions you you some questions . when i come , what kind of clothes would i be able to wear there ? and also , how much money do you think i'll need for two weeks ? i'm looking forward to your answers . 
thank you very much . 
yours sincerely . 
elif
dear kim , 
hello ! i hope you're fine because these days i'm very happy . i would like to write about a pop concert which i went to last week . it was a very good experience for me because it was a very different kind of pop music . they mixed up our traditional music and pop music . 
i also helped them before the concert started . i learnt how to get ready for a big concert ! lots of people came to this area , and i also learnt how to arrange something . then i was very tired but i enjoyed the music very much . i hope next time , if you come here , we can go together , and maybe you can help me ! 
i would like to hear about what's happening in your life , as well . take care . . . 
love 
dear mrs ryan , 
in reply to your letter received on the 13th of june , i first would like to say that it is a great pleasure for me to have been chosen . 
first of all , you've asked me when i want to travel . in fact there would be only one possibility in july because i will finish my exams at the end of that month and begin vocational training the 1st of august . 
to continue with the other information you need , i would prefer to sleep in a tent because of its proximity to nature . 
furthermore , i've chosen two activities , which are sailing and climbing . i climbed for 3 years while i was at school and i think that my standard is still not too bad . conversely , i've never sailed in my life and would enjoy starting at camp california . to end , i would like to know how much money we will need for the free time and what kind of clothes and equipment do i need to do the activities i've chosen . 
i would like to thank you for everything , and am looking forward to hearing from you in the near future . 
yours sincerely
victoire bouchard
dear kim , 
how are you ? 
i've received your last letter and want to thank you for the pictures you enclosed . you've asked me how the leysin rock festival was , but i still cannot find the words to explain how fabulous and unexpectable it was . 
as you know , i was there to help with the running of the concert and there were a lot of different things to do . 
first , i had to check the tickets at the entrance . in addition , there were some vips to place . then , during the concert , i helped to serve the beers at the bar . i met a lot of interesting people while i was serving drinks . 
furthermore , i had to make announcements over the loudspeaker for the children who were lost . 
everything was very interesting , but what i particularly liked about the experience was the human relations . 
i met a lot of different people and they all have taught taught me something new about behaviour or compassion . i hope we will see each other as soon as possible and i am waiting for your reply . 
love
victoire
xxx
dear mr. ryan
i refer to your letter regarding the prize i have won in your competition . 
i was really pleased to find out that i have an opportunity to spend two weeks at camp california in the u . s . a . 
as requested in your letter please find below some additional information about me and my plans . 
i would like to travel in june as i have already arranged for a part-time job a part-time job for later this summer . 
i prefer to stay in a tent so i go camping every summer and am used to sleeping in tents . 
from the list of activities , which was provided by you , i'd like to choose photography and swimming . i'm very good at swimming as i have been a member of various swimming clubs since i was 6 and i chose photography because i have a new camera and want somebody to teach me how to use it . 
finally i would like to ask you to let me know how much money &amp; what kind of clothes i have to take with me . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you soon . 
yours sincerely
report
subject: video about daily life at our school . 
introduction: to support an idea to make a short video about daily life at our school i have spent some time discussing it with other students , and observing and analysing an average day in our school and have come up with some suggestions . 
places to video: we should try to video not only classrooms but also our playground , cafe , sports hall , art club &amp; library . most students spend a lot of their time in such places and they are a very important part of our school life . 
activities to video: we should show students during their formal studies as well as after lessons . i think it is a good idea to include a record of one of our big events such as the annual sports tournament or welcoming evening for new students . 
conclusion : to sum up the above i'd like to suggest not filming anything longer than 1 or 2 minutes and having a nice mixture of places , faces and events . 
if you have any further comments or questions regarding this matter please let me know . 
king regards
dear miss/mrs . ryan , 
i have just received the excellent news about the prize i have won and i am writing to you in order to give you all the details you need . 
firstly , i can only travel in july , as it is then that i am on holiday from my present job . 
secondly , i would rather stay in a tent , because when i was a child i used to go to a campsite and stay in a tent with my family for two weeks every summer and i thoroughly enjoyed it . 
about the activities i can choose from , i would be delighted if i could sing , because it is something that i have always loved and , although perhaps i should not say it myself , i think i have a nice voice . 
i am also very fond of photography , so when i saw that it is among your options it was a wonderful surprise . 
finally , i would like to ask you what kind of clothes are more suitable for that time of the year at the camp , the amount of money that , more or less , i would need to bring with me and if there is any cooking equipment to cook the meals ourselves . 
i am looking forward to receiving your prompt reply . 
yours sincerely , 
dear kim , 
thanks very much for your last letter . because i could see how anxious you are to know about my experience at the radiohead concert last month , i'll tell you something: it was fantastic . 
i friend of mine had been helping at a few concerts before , so that time the agency rang him and asked him if he could bring someone else , because they'd run out of staff . he asked me to go and when he told me the group was radiohead i felt like the luckiest person in the world ( you know i've always been an enthusiastic fan of them , so you can imagine how excited i was ) . i couldn't wait for it . 
when we arrived there we had to prepare the stage , clean everything and put a number on each seat . 
but the most amazing thing happened later , when , ten minutes before the concert began , my friend told me we could see it from backstage . for a while i thought it was a dream . the music was excellent , the audience enjoyed it very much but , above all , i was there , ten metres from my favourite group . i even got a few friendly words from the singer on a piece of paper: i hope you've enjoyed it . and his signature . i'll always treasure it . 
i'll show you the photographs i took next time you come to visit me , ok ? till then , take care of yourself . 
love , 
dear helen
i have just received the letter with the result of your competition . i feel really enthusiastic about spending a couple of weeks at camp california . unfortunately , as i will be on traineeship in august , i hope this can occur in july . 
besides i would prefer staying in a tent . it gives me a feeling of adventure , which is very exciting . i'm also very glad to see such a variety of activities on offer at the camp . it's quite difficult to say whether i prefer painting or sailing . all in all i have never tried golf or surfing , so let's try it ! 
finally , i would like to know where the camp is located . will i have the opportunity to visit san franscico or los angles ? i would love it ! moreover , how much money will i need if i want to go out at night ? these are some further details i keep wondering about . i'm waiting for your answer . 
yours sincerely 
ignace cloutier . 
daily life at school:
what should be filmed . 
first of all , i would like to lay the emphasis on the fact that this report can be seen by the headmaster . therefore it must be objective . then it may improve our daily life at school . 
it would be interesting to film a math lesson . as it is very boring , everybody would understand how difficult it is to get good marks in the final examination . 
then i would like to film the computer rooms . sometimes there are so many people that you have to wait half an hour to get a computer . if only we could get some new ones . 
eventually , it would be nice to film a sequence with lots of sports activities . it would bring some rhythm to the video . moreover it will show off how healthy the students are . 
these are some ideas we could discuss . 
dear sir or madam
thank you for the letter . it was great to hear from you . i was surprised that i have won . 
by the way , i would like to travel in july , because i just have free time in july . moreover , i am keen on summer . 
as can be seen from your letter , i can choose accommodation . i would prefer to stay in tents . one reason why i choose tents is that i can feel wildlife nature more than if i stay in log cabins . 
according to your letter , there are 10 main activities which i can choose 2 and play while i am on the holiday . i would like to play basketball and golf . both of them i am not as good as you expect , but recently i have been interested in them . 
finally , i would like to ask some questions such as about clothes and money . what kind of clothes are much to the camp ? furthermore , this is the first time i have been abroad , therefore i don't know how much money i should bring . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you
yours sincerely
dear kim
how have you been doing recently ? i have been busy anyway . i want to tell you how much i enjoyed helping at a pop concert . 
it was at the beginning of this summer . one of my friends suggested that we should have a part-time job , which was that . both of us are keen on pop music . although at first i didn't want to do it , because it was in summer . it must have been hot . 
however , we decided to have the job , because of good money . 
however , it was a great job . i haven't hade such a great experience before . i could see a great number of pop stars in front of us . can you believe that ? 
my job just prepare to prepare drinks for them . moreover , one of the famous stars gave me a signature . i will never forget that time . 
i must sign off as i want to catch the post . 
could you being in touch and send back a letter . 
a big hug from me
dear helen
i'm very happy to have won the first prize in the competition . i think it will be a very good experience for me . i'm really excited about it . 
first of all i'm going to give you some information about myself . 
actually , i'd prefer to travel in july , because i'm working at the moment for a company , and i'll only have two weeks off , the period between the fifteenth and the thirtieth of july . i'd love to come earlier , but i really can't because this job is very important to me , and i'll need it as work experience for my further studies at university . 
i would also appreciate it if you would offer me accommodation in a log cabin , because of some health problems that i have , which do not allow me to sleep outside on the ground , and to be honest with you , i never liked camping . i'd also like to choose photography and painting from the list of activities , because i've studied art for three years , and these two are my favourite hobbies . 
i'd also like to ask you how much money i'll need for these two weeks , and what kind of clothes i should take with me , because i've never been to the states , and i don't know what the weather is like in california during the summer . 
i'm looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely
shopping is an obsession for all of us . we all like going out to the shops , and spending hours looking at all sorts of products and comparing the prices , until we decide which one is the most suitable for us . 
but shopping is not always enjoyable . especially if you go with women or children to the shops . that is my worst nightmare . i never go shopping with women , especially with my mother or my sisters . and that's because they spend hours trying on all kinds of clothes , everything you can imagine , and at the end they do not buy anything . they also like going to loads of shops , in different parts of the city . at the end i feel very tired and angry , because i have spent the whole morning doing nothing , except for looking at them trying on different clothes , and that's not enjoyable at all , in fact it's really annoying . 
also , you have to be careful when you go shopping with children . children always ask for something and they want to have all the toys which they see and that's not very enjoyable for the parents , because sometimes they spend more money than they had planned . 
dear sir . 
thank you very much for informing me that i've won the prize . to let you arrange the details of your programme , i'm going to give you my answers . 
firstly , i'd like to travel in july because i've already registered on another summer course which starts at the end of july . sorry about that but i can make that trip only in july . 
about accommodation , i prefer tents to log cabins . this is because i haven't used tents for ages so this time , i want to have tents for 2 weeks which will remind me of my childhood with my family . 
i'm very keen on photography , especially while i'm staying in the states . i might have lots of chances to take photos of beautiful countryside , so i'm longing to take part in that activity , photography . actually i've been in an amateur photographer's organization for 3 years . and i'd like to choose swimming as the other one . i learned swimming at the age of 8 for 5 years and i still love swimming . at that time , i took the course which covered all the 4 kinds of strokes . 
finally , could you let me know what the weather is like in july in the states ? then i can pack suitable clothes for that weather . and please tell me how much money i am supposed to need excluding transport and accommodation . 
thanks loads
yours sincerely
kyon chwa
all the students in my class are excited about that work and now we're in the process of discussion about what will be filmed . some students suggested very brilliant ideas . 
we've been thinking about the plot , at first , and we decided it would be the best way , the flow of time . the lessons we have in the morning doesn't attract us very much , but this bit will show you the routine scenario of a lesson . spoken english lessons which are in the afternoon are quite interesting . all the students keep talking about the theme and giving their opinions . so we're going to organize about 10 minutes' short debate just for this video , but we haven't decided when it will be and the subject . 
after the class is also a very essential part of school life , because we go to the pub which is situated near to the school quite often and we talk more about personal stories that make us closer . the pub after the lessons will be interesting . 
if you don't mind , we want to film the teachers' room as well . your preperation for lessons , everyday chats and so on . if you allow us to film those things , we'll be very happy . 
when things become more obvious and more things are decided , i'll report again . 
dear mrs ryan , 
i have just received your letter and i'm writing back to tell you how happy it made me to win this prize and to give you the answers to your questions . 
i would like to travel in july because i can only see my family during the month of august . concerning the accommodation , i prefer to stay in log cabins , finding them much more comfortable than tents ! 
finally , i decided to choose singing and basketball because my friends say i'm good at both . singing has always been a hobby and is an important part in my life . singing relaxes me when i am stressed before exams or competitions . 
basketball is simply my favourite sport . it makes me feel very free and makes me forget all my daily problems . i actually have won a basketball prize when i was young . . . ! 
to finish off , i would like to ask you how much money is needed for my personal shopping expenses and what kind of clothes i should take . 
i hope i haven't been too " demanding " . 
yours sincerely , 
marthe ouellet
making a short video about everyday life is an enjoyable but difficult thing to do . 
we should concentrate on students' imaginations , creativity and talents . to do that , it is more interesting to go to art , music and drama classes . effectively , in these classes , students express themselves more than in other classes . 
however , it is important to observe students' attention and therefore we should film them during an exam ( but only for a short period of time ) . 
a school teaches you how to be polite and respectful . the cafeteria is an interesting place to go because one can see if students respect food and if they remain polite towards each other . it is important to remember that close-ups should be taken of each subject . 
students walking and talking in corridors should be filmed so that we also show how students relax between two lessons . 
i think this is the best advice i can give and hope that you understand the main idea , which is to concentrate more on students' attitudes than on lessons . 
dear mrs . helen ryan:
i have received your letter about the competition and i am very glad about it . 
i would like to travel in july , please , because that is when i am on vacation . that is really the only time i have , unfortunately . 
i would love it if i could stay in a tent . i'm looking forward to learning how to take care of myself in dangerous situations , such as getting lost in a forest , and i think staying in a tent will be very useful for that . i'd also like to get in touch with nature , and that will be a great way to do that . 
about the activities listed in your letter , i choose basketball and singing . i have played basketball for six years , and i've been in competitions for five years . i have good singing skills too . i have sung in the church's choir for three years , and i have had singing classes at school since first grade . i have recorded a demo tape , which i can send to you if you like , in which i also play the guitar . 
i would like to know how cold it is up there , so i know what kind of clothes i should bring . 
yours sincerely 
benedito alencar
dear kim , 
there was a huge madonna show in a soccer stadium here in so paulo . the most amazing thing is that i helped at it ! 
i helped with setting up the sound equipment , programming the light system on the computer , and tidying up madonna's room ! i helped with the selling of the tickets , with the security , with the designing . . . 
but the unexpected thing was that i actually got to meet maddy , and talk to her for almost one hour ! the material girl's the sweetest person in the world , totally unlike what the media says about her . mo' told me everything about her new album , " music " , and how the single of the same name had slipped onto the internet in the up3 format . she sang to me part of the album's second single , " how it feels like for a girl " ! 
her daughter , lourdes maria , is such a pretty little girl that i couldn't take my eyes off of her . her boyfriend , guy richie , was there too , and he's a really good person . 
this is something i will never ever forget . the show afterwards was great . i couldn't believe that i had met that superstar who was dancing in front of a crowded soccer stadium . hope you enjoy the pictures . i got one autograph for you . 
yours faithfully , benedito . 
dear madam:
i just received your letter with the good news . i am very happy about winning the first prize in your competition and i am glad to tell you that i am planning to go , but i can only travel in july because i have to work until the end of june . 
regarding the accommodation , i would like to have a log cabin rather than a tent because two weeks is quite a long time and i think they are more comfortable and give you more privacy . 
i enjoy swimming and singing and i would like to join others in these activities . i am an average swimmer and as a singer i am not a beginner and it would be fun to share my songs with the holiday makers . 
can you please give me some recommendations about the clothes i will need and also the cost of the food there to plan my budget . 
thank you for these wonderful two weeks at camp california . 
yours faithfully
shopping is not always enjoyable
in my opinion shopping is sometimes really boring , especially when you buy the same things at the supermarkets almost all the time , like cleaning products and the ingredients for everyday recipes . 
on the other hand everything looks different if i have to get a present for someone in my family . i start thinking about what she or he prefers and i try my best to buy something appropriate no matter how much money it costs . 
in conclusion most of the time that you spend shopping you put a lot of effort into choosing things and making decisions and they are more or less important , or more or less enjoyable depending on what , why , where and who is the person that you are interested in pleasing . 
13 . 06 . 00
dear mrs ryan , 
i would like to thank you for the first prize . i am really surprised that i have won . i did not expect it . 
i would like to send you some further information which you need . i can only come in july because i am working in the office and i cannot take two weeks off in any other month . 
i am grateful that i have the chance to choose the accommodation . i would rather stay in a tent if it's not a problem for you . i would like to experience a real camp again . i used to be a scout . 
i need to relax after a year in the office , that's why i choose photography and painting which are not very active . i am a very shy person and i would prefer to stay in a small group of people , if it's possible . 
i have two questions . i would like to ask you which kind of clothes i should take and i would like to know your opinion as to how much money i should take . 
i would like to thank you once again for this great opportunity . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you
yours sincerely , 
apolonia gorski
we would like to believe that shopping is the most wonderful part of our life . after working all week , finally on saturday we can go shopping . we love spending money , but spending money is not always enjoyable . 
problems start when we cannot find any space to park our car . when we finally do this , we cannot be comfortable because of the crowds . why it's always the same ! the answer is that we choose the same street ( usually the most popular ) and the same time as six hundreds hundred other people . we become customers who want to do their shopping with pleasure . i think we can achieve pleasure at home with our new goods . 
dear helen ryan , 
i'm very pleased to hear from you , and i'm glad i've got this chance to go to the camp california in the u . s . a . for two weeks . 
firstly , i must say that i'll be able to have two weeks free only in july , since i have started work and am entitled to have a holiday only in july . 
secondly , i'd prefer to stay in one of the log cabins , as they are more comfortable , usually have central heating and other necessary facilities . 
despite my appreciation of all kinds of sports and activities , i've chosen my favourite ones , which are swimming and tennis . as i was a champion in a swimming competition in russia in 1997 , i'd like to continue to practise my skills . also i like to play tennis , which is a beautiful " game " itself and good for the figure . 
in conclusion finally , i would like to ask if i need to take some money with me and how much . what kind of clothes will i need in the u . s . a . in july ? probably summer clothes mostly ? 
yours sincerely , 
hope to hear from you soon . 
" is shopping always enjoyable for you or not " - my english teacher has asked me in the class discussion about shopping . 
sincerely , i must admit that i don't like shopping in supermarkets and big stores . there are always too many people there . as i'm not keen on being a part of the crowd , i prefer a calm atmosphere in more isolated small shops . furthermore , it takes too long to find something you need in unfamiliar stores . 
despite the fact that i like to go to nice clothes shops i usually return home with nothing in my hands , as prices are usually too high , unfortunately , and out of my price range . 
sometimes i go to the local market , but not on my own . i ask my husband or mother to come with me , as i had a bad experience in the past , when my bag with all my money was stolen . 
another thing i dislike about shopping is some annoying shop assistants try to sell any product to the " victim " entering coming through the door . otherwise shopping is not so bad , as you get what you want in the end . 
dear sir/madam 
thank you for the letter that confirmed first prize . 
i am happy to receive it . of course i will able to go to camp california in the u . s . a . however , i will only be able to go to there in july 2001 because i have a job which is extremely busy work . our department , which is the sales department , have to make good sales results before the end of june because of the financial month . so , if i can choose days , i would like to go to the u . s . a in july 2001 . about accommodation , i prefer to stay in log cabins because i don't like to stay in tents which are uncomfortable for me . i am also not keen on preparing it . 
this prize , i can choose two activities , can't you . so , i am going to choose golf and tennis . in japan , i often play golf but as you know japanese weather conditions are not good enough for enjoying playing golf , but california has good weather , which means every day sunshine sunshine every day , hopefully . i used to play tennis when i was a university student . i am interested in playing tennis very much . 
finally , i have some questions . when i join this camp , what kind of clothes should i carry ? also , how much money do i need ? please reply to me as soon as possible
best regards . 
dear kim . 
hello kim . how are you ? i am well . i have big news . i could enjoy helping at a pop concert last week which is " the max " . as you know , i am a big fan of " the max " . can you believe it ? 
i have got good experience and fantastic memories . at the same time , i have got a small amount of money , but it was not important to me . i was so happy . 
so , my temporary job was sound engineer but i was not main engineer . i've just helped the staff . when i was a university student , i studied sound effects , but i hadn't used effect equipment my whole life because our school doesn't have it . i used this equipment during the concert , but i was so complicated system . at first , i couldn't understand this system but our staff were very kind people . they taught me particularly specially . after that , i was able to understand this system , time after time . now , i am able to use a sound effect system . 
of course , i could enjoy this concert , as well
if i got a chance , i would like to work for creative companies , i hope . 
anyway , 
take care of yourself . i am waiting for your letter
yours sincerely , 
hello ! i am very pleased that i have won the first prize in your competition and i want to tell you that it would be better for me to go to your camp in july because that month i usually have a rest and now i am thinking about it . so your advice about going to a camp suits me very well . 
to answer our first question about where i would prefer to sleep , i prefer tents because they are closer to nature and i like sleeping in sleeping bags ( =bv bags ) . 
now let me tell you about my sports preferences . from your list of activities i have chosen swimming and surfing , because all of us came out from the water and we have to go back there . of course it was a joke , but as i have chosen swimming and surfing i will tell you why . i have chosen them because i am candidate to applying to do a masters in sports in water polo . and only out of that reason , but also because i like water very much . 
also i would like to have a t-shirt with your autograph . 
yours sincerely 
fedor gapon . 
in our school we have a system of " double lessons " . it means that every day except sunday we have four lessons and each of the lessons lasts for an hour and a half and it means a " double lesson " . i think that is more convenient than seven lessons every day and each of the lessons lasts forty five forty-five minutes . it is convenient , i mean " double " lessons , because you have more time to understand the material which is given out and because you have to prepare only four subjects for " tomorrow " and it is fewer then seven subjects . 
as a student in the economics form i think i should tell you about one day in the timetable of our form . for example tuesday . on tuesday we have these lessons : english , maths , economics and physics . all of these subjects are so important for us that we have never missed them , especially english and economics because we are going to become famous economists . 
not only these subjects are studied by us , but also latin , russian , ukrainian , biology and physical training , but as we study them we understand that they are not so important as our main subjects . 
dear ms ryan , 
i am writing to you in reply to your letter , which let me know i am the winner of the first prize in your competition . 
first of all , i am very happy to spend two weeks at camp california in the usa . yet , i could only travel in july because i am a student and so my holidays begin in july . 
in addition , i would rather sleep in a tent since i like being close to nature and , especially , singing birds . i enjoy sports and i would like to practise go swimming and climbing . i am not too bad at these sports . 
to conclude , will you kindly let me know if i need some money and what sort of clothes i should bring with me . 
yours faithfully 
this year , our english class has decided to make a short video about daily life at our school . ( it is a graduate engineering school where we are studying mechanics and energetics . ) that is why we have to single out which lessons and other activities should be filmed . 
on the one hand , we should be interested in the lessons . first , the research and design lessons are exciting since we are studying how cars are built . secondly , we should interview the teacher of heat transfer since his lessons are really breathtaking . that seems to be quite surprising , yet this teacher manages to convey his knowledge . 
on the other hand , we should be interested in the other activities such as sports , which could appeal to more students in our school . for example , our basketball team has won a local championship . 
to conclude , in this short video , we must show that thanks to our school we are able to bring out the best in ourselves . 
miss helen ryan:
last week i received your letter in which you told me that i won first prize . i am writing in response to it . 
first of all , i would like to travel in july , because i can arrange 2 weeks in july during my school holidays , in order not to miss classes . 
i think i would prefer to be in a tent , because i think it is more fun and you can have more contact with nature . but if i don't like the tents can i change my mind ? 
you told me to choose 2 activities and i chose surfing and singing . at both of them i am very good i am very good at both of them . i did a surfing course last summer and i have gone to singing lessons almost all my life . 
i have a few questions . how much money should i take to spend in those two weeks ? and also what kind of clothes should i take ? 
please , when you receive this letter give me a call so we can arrange everything . 
looking forward to hearing from you
yours sincerely
we are going to make a video about daily life at school . the following classes are the ones i recommend filming . 
english: the classroom is beautiful , and on the same day we do a lot of different activities , so it won't be boring watching it because we can have a great time there . 
chemistry: we do a lot of experiments and the materials we use are very good . i think that if we film this class the people that watch it will be impressed with the equipment we have got . 
spanish: we are doing a play now . we could film it and produce it . instead of uniforms we could wear costumes . the ones who are animals could paint their faces . i think that if we do it properly we could have a great spanish play . 
those three classes are my choices . i hope we can do them and make a very good video about our school . 
dear mrs helen ryan , 
i am writing to you to give you some further information about the competition i won . i am very pleased that i won your competition . 
first of all i would like to travel in july because i have already made an arrangement with my boss about my free days . 
i would prefer to sleep in a log cabin . i am not used to sleeping in a tent and i think it maybe may might ruin my holiday . i hope it's possible to sleep in a log cabin but if it's not , you can also put me in a tent . 
the two activities i would like to choose are photography and surfing . photography i never really got any practice in i never really got any practice in photography . yes i have taken some holiday pictures but i would like to learn more about this . so i am not very good at photography . 
surfing is my passion . i live near a beach and whenever i have the time i grab my board and go surfing . i would like to have a surfing contest with other surfing nerds , if it's possible . i would like to know if i have to bring my own wetsuit for surfing and how much money do you think i need ? 
i am really looking forward to this holiday . i hope i have told you enough . 
yours sincerely , 
dear kim , 
how are you ? i'm doing great especially after my experience helping at a pop concert . it was fantastic . you also would have liked it very much . 
i had to help backstages backstage . i had to make sure that every artist went in the right dressing room and not in someone else's . 
every artist could scream at me whenever they wanted . the real thing was that i had to look after them because without me they would have been lost . that was a good feeling for me . i had to tell them when they had to go on stage and what kind of clothes they should wear . i also had to give them drinks and food and help them to relax whenever they were nervous . 
the thing i really liked was helping the artists and talking to them . okay , they screamed at me all the time because they were nervous and excited about their concert . 
afterwards they talked to me and thanked me for helping them in those exciting moments . i really got to know them after the concert . they also took me to an after-hours party and they asked me if i would like to do this again . and of course i immediately said yes ! ! 
maybe next time you can come with me . that would be a lot of fun . 
they will call me next week , so i will write when i have talked to them . 
talk to you soon . 
love
dear mrs . helen ryan
competition organiser
thank you very much for the nice surprise you've given me . i just can't believe that i won the first prize . here is the information you asked for:
. i'm afraid i can only go in july because during that month i will have my school holidays , so that will be for me the only chance of taking 2 weeks off . 
. the kind of accommodation i prefer is a tent because at summer camp i find it more interesting sleeping outside under the sky when the weather is nice and warm . 
. there are two activities i would like to practise do : basketball and painting . i'm quite good at playing basketball because i used to play for about five years at school . we used to have training sessions twice a week and at least two games a month against another school , which was great . painting always did fascinate me , even though i'm not so good at it , but my friends say i can really paint and they love the things i do . the technique i like the most is watercolours . 
i still have some questions:
- can you please tell me how the weather is then , so i can take the proper clothes ? 
- my parents and i , we are not sure how much money i need for the two weeks , can you give me a little help ? thank you very much and i hope to hear from you soon . 
yours sincerely
h . pena . 
dear kim
hello my good friend ! i'm so glad to hear from you and to know that you are wealthy and happy . do you really want to know about my experience helping at the pop concert in our town ? well that's great , because it was a terrific day . first we started very early in the morning , building the stage and the tent where the group was going to play , you know , just in case it rained . but we were very lucky and the weather was sunny and warm . 
then came the guy who installed the sound equipment ( cables , boxes , wires , etc ) and it was very interesting seeing him at work . everything had to be in the right place , perfectly installed and protected , to avoid accidents . 
at about five o'clock everything was ready and the band came on . there were already plenty of fans waiting for the concert to begin , which started at 7 o'clock . i know the musicians from school , which is why it was even more fun to help and to take part in this event , specially because i really like the music they play . 
the crowd went crazy during the 2 hour 2-hour concert and i helped as well , selling cds - if they go on selling that many , they are going to be very famous for sure . . . . . 
do you want to know something else about it ? 
just let me know
best wishes
herberto
dear ms ryan , 
i am the person who won your competition and i am writing in reply to your letter . 
first of all , i can travel only in july because that is the only time when i am free from my examinations . 
i prefer staying in a tent as i am used to it and find it more comfortable . 
the two activities i would like to do in the camp are swimming and photography . i am a good swimmer and i have some experience in photography . however , i have a lot to learn . 
finally , i have got two questions to ask you . how much money and how many clothes should i take with me ? 
i am very grateful for your prize and looking forward to visiting the camp . 
yours sincerely
i think that bits from the whole school day should be filmed . this will show how the school lives . 
in the morning prefects make sure that everybody is awake and up . at the assembly students are told about changes in the timetable and activities for the whole day . 
in the computing department students learn about information technologies . the main job of the head of the computing department is not to teach but to keep the computers working properly . 
maths is the most popular subject in the school . mathematics teachers do a great deal of work and have almost no time to prepare lessons . 
in the chemistry lab experiments are often set up . the teacher looks after the pupils while they are investigating the topic of the lesson . 
meals are very important . the kitchen staff works hard to provide students with a variety of food . 
the video can finish with a view of the school from outside . 
june 13th , 2000
dear mrs . ryan , 
first of all thank you very much for the good news that i have won the first prize in your competition . i am very delighted and already looking forward to spending two weeks at camp california in the u . s . a . 
as regards the time that i can travel , i must tell you that my holidays at university are only in july . i hope that it won't be a problem for you and that i can go to the camp california at some time in july . i would like to stay in a log cabin as i have an allergy to grass . 
then you asked me to choose two activities from the list you sent to me . i would like to do surfing and photography . i am a total beginner in both activities , but i think that these two weeks will be a good opportunity to learn something about them . 
finally , i also have some questions for you . firstly i would like to know what kind of clothes will be appropriate for the camp , secondly how much money i should take with me for the two weeks and lastly if there are any possibilities facilities for cooking . 
yours sincerely , 
'shopping is not always enjoyable'
if you have to go shopping again , because the fridge is empty or you need some new clothes , a lot of time , patience and strength are needed . all kinds of shopping have more and more become a stressful activity rather than an enjoyable on . 
it often begins with finding a parking space for the car , which can take more than 15 minutes . leaving the car at home is also not a good idea as you often buy so much that you can't carry it in plastic bags . 
the next stressful factor begins in the shop . everywhere people who are in a hurry push you from one side to the other . consuming has become a very important thing for them . and if you are not quick enough they won't leave you anything . but there occur also problems problems also occur if there are products left: either you can't decide between two things or your favourite product is too expensive . 
having finally decided and got what you wanted , the next torture comes at the cash desk , when you have to pay . you have to wait in a long queue for more than 15 minutes . 
so even if it's nice to have food or new clothes at home , without patience , time and strength you had better stay at home or try to find the most convenient time for shopping . 
13th june 2000
dear helen ryan
i was grateful to hear i have won first prize in the competition . 
i would like to tell you which are some further information you given to me . 
i would like to join the camp in july because i can get a holiday from my company from 1th july to 28th july . secondly , i would prefer to stay in tents . in my experience , i've never tried to stay in tents during the holiday . that's why i'd like to feel adventurous . it could be a good , memorable thing for me . and i am interested in swimming and singing . when i was 17 years old , i won a swimming competition which was held in a local stadium . i won second prize . and also , i have joined a band in my school . i'm responsible for lead vocals . every monday we have a practice time . 
what i would like to know about is what kinds of clothes suit the season in the u . s . a and how much money i should bring to the camp . 
i look forward to joining the camp . i've always wanted to go to the u . s . a . it must be a good chance to join the camp . thanks for accepting . 
yours sincerely
ae-sook pak
to . director of teachers 
from . ae-sook pak
subject . some suggestions to make a video about daily life at our school . 
introduction
the aim of this report is to suggest which lessons and other activities should be filmed and why they are suitable to make a film of . 
explain
according to the reactions of students . most of the students are taking a morning class for 3 hours , and in the middle of the lesson they're having a break time . after morning class they have a lunch time for 1 hour and continue to study for afternoon class . it's the most common daily life at our school . and according to the interviews , the most interesting class is the " upper intermediate " class . they are joined with different countries and with a good teacher . 
suggestion
the point of " upper intermediate class " . they are having a special time . every friday , they enjoy a special game to check vocabulary . and they always do best their homework their homework best . 
conclusion
i strongly recommend making a video about " upper intermidiate " class . they must be shown the most well-class in our school . 
i'm pleasant pleased to win the first prize in your competition - two weeks at camp california in the usa . 
as i'm an art student at a particular college , i can only go to camp california in july , because in that month i haven't got any classes , and i'm free to do whatever i want to . i'd like a log cabin for my accommodation , because it's safer and cleaner than a tent and i wouldn't share it with anyone . 
painting and photography are good activities for me . they suit me because my art work develops in these areas . through painting i talk about human beings in this world , on big canvases; and through photography , in collages , i talk about anger and guilt in the family's family line . so at camp california i would like to keep in touch with these areas . 
i'd like to ask you to send me $1000 for my art knowledge . with this amount i could buy a lot of art books , and records . to summarize , art and music need to be kept with me throughout these two weeks so i do not forget my artistic life . 
shopping is something made , which do not need to be enjoyable . we can analyze when shopping is enjoyable , and when it is not . 
there is joy in shopping when it is done by ourselves for ourselves . that means buying whatever we like , like clothes , records , rings , and books . what we like is based on our relationships with other people , at work or in the family . so we have fun when we buy what we like according to other people's views . 
on the other hand , sickness in ourselves or our relatives makes us reluctant to shop . it is an obligation to shop for medicines , clothes for winter , doctor's visits , and so forth . a death in the family is also not an enjoyable shopping experience , because it is the highest point of the sickness . buying coffins and graveyard plots to bury relatives is not as enjoyable as buying clothes . 
in summary shopping can be enjoyable or not depending on our state of health . to give examples: if we are healthy we buy clothes and records , we enjoy ourselves; if we are sick , or our relatives are , we buy medicines and we do not enjoy ourselves because it is an obligation . 
dear sir or madam , 
thank you for your letter . i'm very happy that i have won . 
you ask me when i would like to travel ? i can travel only in july because i have a holiday from my work only only have a holiday from my work in this month . so it would be very nice if that's possible . 
regarding the accommodation accommodation at the camp , i would prefer the tents , because it is something different which you don't do every day ! 
then the activities that i would like to do are singing and swimming . i like singing because it's my favourite hobby and i grew up with it and swimming because i like water and the feeling that you have when you are in it . another reason for choosing swimming is that i'm good at it because a few years ago i had lessons , where i learned very well to swim to swim very well . 
finally i've got a question: what clothes must i bring with me and how much money ? 
i'm looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours faithfully , 
everybody likes shopping ! looking for clothes and shoes is for every woman one of her favourite hobbies and if it were possible she would stay in the shopping-centre the whole day . 
but shopping isn't always enjoyable . 
sometimes it isn't so easy to find what you need . for example: you have in your memory a great pair of shoes that you saw last week in a shop . now you want buy to buy it but it's nowhere to be found ! that's a pity ! 
sometimes it's really awful when you have to wait a very long time until it's your turn to pay or to try some clothes on . 
another thing that makes you furious is when you see a great shirt in a shop and somebody else takes it away or buys it before you can react . those things had happened happen to everybody , don't they ? 
so you see that shopping isn't always enjoyable . 
mrs/miss helen:
thank you very much for your letter . it is excellent to have won this prize . 
to be honest i had doubts about winning the competition , because in spite of thinking i did well , i had to play against very strong competition . the idea of going to california for 2 weeks makes me feel very excited . 
referring to your letter , july is the time that suits me best . my job is less demanding in july . 
about the accommodation , i would prefer to stay in a tent . i have never done it before , so i really fancy the idea . 
i am really surprised about how many activities can be done in this place . if it is possible i would like to swim . i am very good at swimming . 
on the one hand i think that climbing sounds very exciting , but on the other hand it scares me a lot , so i will play tennis . i am not so bad at tennis but i would like to improve my style . 
by the way , i would like to know if the cost of living in the usa is similar to the uk . how much money should i bring with me ? 
another point is about clothes . could you confirm that i'll need summer clothes ? i would be very pleased . 
please , if you need further information from me , don't hesitate to contact me again . 
yours sincerely . 
normally i enjoy really shopping really enjoy shopping . 
in fact when i don't feel very happy i decide to go shopping to try to cheer myself up . and really , it works . 
but not everything about shopping is enjoyable . for example , i hate it when i get into a shopping centre and it is crowded . i don't like it when i have to try on different sizes because the small size doesn't fit me because i have put on weight . it is at this moment when really i realise i am getting fat and it is a horrible feeling . 
i think women , in general , are very impulsive when purchasing things . many times we buy things that , actually , we don't need and , sometimes you are surprised when you check the balance of your bank account and then you need to cut down on your expenses for 2 months . 
but from another point of view , it is silly to be earning money and not spending it as you want . at the end of the day money is just money . 
dear mrs ryan:
thanks for accepting me in the competition . i hear that the competition there is very intense , and that camp california is very famous for its competitions . i would like to travel in july because before then it's impossible for me and it's my birthday in july and i wish to spend my birthday at the camp , also 'cause in august the planes are full . another thing is my accommodation . i prefer to have log cabins because it's easiest for me . i will choose for my activities tennis and swimming . i'm good at tennis because i have played since 1990 and i love it and i chose swimming because i like to swim and i've been in two competitions and i won both . 
i would like to ask you for money and clothes because my parents are travelling and it is impossible for me to get any money because my sister doesn't want me to go because i'm only 14 , but when i get there i promise to return to you all the money because i don't have any cash at the moment . 
thanks for everything , and i will be there next month . 
yours sincerely
lola villanueva . 
" shopping is not always enjoyable . " 
for me going shopping is not the best thing i can do . well i thought the opposite about a year ago but recently i have thought this because i see all the people going shopping and they don't realise that outside in the real world there are poor people who need that money which they are only spending on material things . you might put your money in the bank because you don't need it now , but tomorrow you don't know . i like to shop sometimes but not always and i don't like spending a lot of money on things that i don't really need . as to the rest of you who don't understand this , it's on your mind to keep shopping and spending all your money on things that you don't really need . 
and sometimes i get bored when i'm shopping because now i don't really enjoy it . 
bye and think about this . 
your friend
lola villanueva j . 
dear mrs helen ryan
with reference to the letter from you , i would like to inform you of some further information , as follows . 
first of all , i am able to join the camp only in july because that month is my school holiday . i would prefer tents to log cabins because i think it will be more interesting and exciting to live to stay in log cabins . i am also interested in swimming and sailing . i always go to the swimming pool when i have time . our family used to live near the seaside . we would go sailing on the weekend and i miss it very much
finally , i don't know much about there . is there anything i should bring with me ? what is the weather going to be like , because i want to know what kind of clothes i should bring with me ? and how much money i should take ? 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely
rattanakosin areva
shopping is not always enjoyable
most people believe that shopping is the most entertaining way . some people when they are sad , will go shopping will go shopping when they are sad to forget everything and the fact is that everybody knows how to shop . if you have children , you will know very well that when you are busy doing something and the children see something they want to have , they will do everything they can do to make you buy it for them , sometimes they even cry or shout at you and it is really annoy annoying . however , they are happy once they have it . anyway , in families they usually have this problem that when they buy a new one , suddenly they have a problem about where the old one is going to be and that is the beginning of an argument between mother and father or parents and children . eventually i like shopping too and i believe everybody likes shopping , but before you buy something think first and you will not have any problems after that and the most important thing is make sure you have enough money to survive . 
dear mrs ryan , 
i am writing to reply to your letter in which you told me i won first prize in your competition , which is two weeks . i was very happy with this result since i did not think i could win . 
first of all i would like to tell you that i will be able to travel only in july because in the other months i will be too busy with my work . in the second place i add that i would prefer an accommodation to stay in a tent , even though it is not very comfortable , because i want to put myself to the test by living in conditions i am not used to . 
besides this , in connection with the activities we will have the chance to do , i would like to inform you that i choose swimming and tennis because i am quite good at both , especially at tennis . 
in addition to this i would like to ask you what kind of clothes and how much money is necessary to have , since i am undecided about it , not knowing the cost of living in california . 
i look forward to hearing from you soon , 
yours sincerely , 
marino rizzo
the aim of this report is to suggest which activities in our daily life at school should be filmed to give the other students an idea of what we usually do , not only during the lessons but also the rest of the time . 
most of the students agree in saying that there are two main features in our daily life at school which should be filmed: it would be very funny to concentrate on us working and speaking together , without the help of the teacher , to show our efforts and sometimes successful and sometimes ridiculous and also to film some amusing moments we spend waiting for the teacher . 
a small percentage , on the contrary , said it would be very useful to film the teacher when she is something important to us , to give an idea of real life in our classroom . which is the most . 
warsaw , 13th of june 2000
dear mrs . ryan , 
i am writing in response to your letter which i received two days go and in order to answer all questions i was asked . 
first of all , the only month i will be able to visit the u . s . a . is july due to the fact that i have already arranged another trip for august . 
secondly , i would prefer to stay in a tent . i am used to this kind of accommodation since i have been taking part in survival camps for a long time . 
as far as the activities are concerned , i have chosen sailing and surfing . the reason for my decision is that other activities are available also also available in my country , except climbing , but i have a fear of heights so this one is not destined for people like me . 
furthermore , i would like to ask you some questions . what type of clothes should i take and how much money would be enough ? is this a kind of " all inclusive " holiday ? 
thank you in advance . 
yours faithfully , 
ursula sobczak
warsaw , 13 june 2000
dear kim , 
i think i told you about my plans joining to join a group that helps at concerts , didn't i ? well , i took my chance and i was chosen to help at michael jackson's concert . amazing , isn't it ? the event took place a month ago in the rock stadium . there were about 100 000 people . we had a lot of things to do . actually , they put me very close to the stage , in the middle of the real hell . many people fainted and some of them , the most serious cases , had to be taken to hospital . the biggest problem was connected with some foreigners who couldn't speak polish or english and we didn't know how to help them . despite this fact , the atmosphere was terrific . 
after the concert many people lost their way home , mostly foreigners who didn't know the buses' schedule . we had to order taxis for them as they didn't have mobile telephones . however , they were very nice people . 
i didn't manage to meet michael as i had expected , but apart from that , i really enjoyed the time i spent there . 
you should also try it . 
best wishes , 
ursula . 
dear mrs helen ryan , 
i am very happy to have won the first prize in the competition , and i am going to clarify some details you asked me about in your letter . 
firstly , because of my school exam , i would like to travel only in july . moreover , i have chosen this month because i think the weather will be fine . at camp california , i hope i will be in a tent because i like very much this kind of lifestyle : i love to be in contact with nature . 
, during my stay at camp california , i want to go swimming because i practise this activity regularly and i often enter competitions: this is one of my hobbies . in addition to this , i wish to go sailing : i have never tried it , but it looks great ! 
finally , i have two questions more: i wonder if i can change my french money in the camp and what kind of clothes i have to buy before coming ? 
yours sincerely . 
didier bovie
dear kim , 
as you asked me in your last letter , i am going to tell you more about last month's pop concert . 
firstly , i arrived five hours before the beginning of the concert in order to help the musicians to move the equipment from the van to the stage . as soon as all the conections were made , we tested the level of the sound volume : i found it too loud , so i advised them to lower it , and they listened to me ! then , there was only one hour left to install the different coloured lights ; it was just enough time . 
so , it was a fantastic afternoon because i like music very much , even if i don't play any musical instrument . moreover , i learnt a lot about music , especially concerning how playing to play an instrument . consequently , i hope i will play an instrument in the future , especially because the group promises to help me to learn any instrument . 
see you soon . 
best wishes
didier bovie
dear mrs ryan , 
thank you very much for your letter you sent me last week . i'm very proud to be the winner of your competition ! i have never been to such a camp before and so i'm looking forward to spending two weeks there . here is the information you asked for:
it is only possible for me to travel in july because of my irregular work . july is the low season and it will be easier to go then on holiday on holiday then . further i would prefer a tent . i was at a sports camp last year and it was fun to sleep in tents . 
from the activities i choose tennis and surfing . i have played tennis in a championship for five years but surfing i have never done before . 
do we need some special sports clothes for these two activities ? and am i allowed to bring my dog with me ? he's a small one ! 
i'm looking forward to hearing from you
yours sincerely
estelle brauer
dear kim , 
you know that i always wanted to help at a concert . to be part of the staff would be wonderful , i thought . and i was right ! but now from the beginning:
as you know i wrote to that organisation which is always responsible for big events . one week later they invited me to a pop concert which took place in zurich last month . 
when i arrived we first had a meeting . all of the staff and the organisation spoke about the rules and how to save people . after the meeting we received all we all received the same clothes . we were a group ! one team ! before the concert we had a break to eat something and to talk to each other . it was interesting to see that all people have different hobbies and jobs . 
the concert was very loud and long but we didn't have to work hard . i was happy that there was no danger for the people during the concert . after a nice concert we had to clean everything and i was happy when i arrived at home early in the morning . . ! 
greetings and hope to see you soon
estelle
dear mrs/ms ryan , 
i am writing to you because i would like to provide the information that you ask for . 
firstly , i would like to travel there in july because it is the only month that i have free from my job . it will be impossible at another choice time , but if you have any problem you will be able to advise me , although i prefer to go there in july because i think it is the best month to travel ; the weather is nicer and warmer than in other seasons . 
secondly , my choice is the accommodation in tents . i think it could be more interesting . i could enjoy my time with other people playing , eating and talking outside . in my opinion if i choose the log cabin it will be like being at home . 
about the two activities i need to select , i think the best ones are swimming and painting . i choose swimming because i really love doing it . i used to swim every day in the sea a few years ago . i felt really healthy . my other choice is painting . i have been painting since i was ten years old . i used to go to special classes and i don't mind if you need me to help in the class . 
one thing i would like to ask is if i need special clothes . i don't know what kind of camp i am going to . it should be a dry place , i think , but i would like to make sure . as well . also , i would like to know how much money i will need , because it is also all paid i don't know if there will be any gift shops . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely
patricia reyes
- shopping is not always enjoyable -
the most popular " sport " that everyone does is obviously shopping . this is the thing that moves hundreds and hundreds of people in the world and we don't have to go to japan , we have the evidence here in england . but the question is: is shopping always enjoyable ? 
some people think that going shopping can keep you away from depression . you can enjoy your time spending all the money you have , buying clothes , jewels jewellery , furniture , etc . and you could have a really great time . 
but other people don't think like this . for example , there is a case of a woman who was shopping with her little daughter and without intention the girl got lost . the mother was shocked . she didn't know how to look for her because all the shops and streets were full of people going in and out the places . it was a nightmare but fortunately the police found her . 
sometimes going shopping can be stressful . can you imagine being in japan or china and having to go to the shops ? i don't think that i'd enjoy it , all the people kicking you , you can't walk properly or buy anything . and also there are a lot of cases which show how people can be in shops . i mean that some people can fight to get something . where are we going ! ! 
in my opinion shopping is not a thing that i would like to do in my free time . i think that it's too stressful , there are too many people in the shops , so i prefer to spend my free time swimming or painting and i go shopping on the days when usually there are not too many people . 
dear sir , 
thank you very much for your nice letter which informed me that i have won first prize in your competition . 
i'm really surprised and happy about it . 
in your letter you asked for some information about me . unfortunately , i can only travel in july because in august i will start a new job for six months . i won't be free , however all july i am at home . 
regarding accommodation at this camp , i would prefer staying in a tent to staying in a log cabin . it is more fun and friendlier more sociable . it will allow me to make friends more quickly . 
two of my favourite activities are swimming and photography . the first one of these is a needless for me . i go swimming every day and swim one mile . last summer i won a prize in a swimming competition . the second activity is more of a hobby . i like to go to the countryside and take photographs . i started two months ago . i don't have any equipment . 
could you tell me if you could lend me some equipment for photography photographic equipment ? 
what sort of clothes will i need for these two weeks ? 
how much money should i take with me ? 
i look forward to hearing from you soon . 
yours sincerely , 
henri devereux
dear kim , 
i'm so happy about the experience i had last month . 
i told you that i helped at a pop concert last month . it was really great . 
first i was chosen to sell the tickets . i was really happy to help at a concert as big as mylene farmer's . 
i was starting to sell the tickets when an organiser told me to go into the dressing room . they needed one person to put the clothes into a wardrobe . it was the dressing room of mylene farmer . what do you think of that ? i was so excited ! unfortunately , i didn't see her but it allowed me to talk with her manager , john , and her musicians . they all were were all very kind and pleasant . it was a big moment for me . these people are like us , they just have a special job with special times . next year , if it is possible , i would like go back with you . they will organise the same pop concert but with another singer . i look forward to hearing from you soon . 
love , 
henri
dear mr. helen ryan
i am very happy to hear from you that i have won first prize in your competition - two weeks at camp california in the u . s . a . and i am writing to tell you my information . 
firstly , i will be able to travel only in july because i go to university and i normally spend most of the time working . to do . and i have holiday only in july . 
secondly , accommodation . i prefer tents . when i go camping , i stay in log cabins all the time so i would like to try a different way to camp , this time . 
and i choose photography and tennis from the activities list . i am taking photography lessons at university and i started tennis when i was 10 so i am good at both of them . 
finally , i have questions about clothes and money . 
how much money should i take and should i take only casual clothes and trainers ? 
i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely
dear kim . 
thank you for your lovely letter and i hope you are well . 
the other day , i worked at a pop concert to help . it was really more interesting than i expected . my job behind the stage was helping with make-up , hair and clothes staylist . it was very hard . the singers often changed their clothes and their make-up was easy to be off because of the sweat . it was different from when i did it at college . there was no time to rest . but i met a lot of famous singers and spoke to them . in front of the stage were so many people so many people were in front of the stage and they couldn't see them very well , but i was very near to the stage and i could see them just there . 
you like pop music , don't you ? so , don't go to a concert ! work at a concert ! that's much more exciting . 
anyway , shall we meet sometime ? we haven't seen each other for so long time and i'll tell you more stories about this . 
write soon , 
bye bye . 
dear helen ryan , 
firstly , i am very happy to win this first prize and as expected i'm following your instructions . 
i can enjoy this prize only after the 7th of july , because before this date i will be in jamaica doing an english course . i have been travelling around jamaica for a year without any conpert due to an inclination for adventure , so i would rather you provided a tent , i don't mind . 
from the 10 options that i have to choose from i will choose two , climbing , which i have been practising doing for three years because i know it by heart , and swimming which i have also been doing every day as part of my daily routine in portugal . 
i would like to know about which what sort of clothes i have got to take ? and i also would like to ask how much money i have got to take . i hope that coming after july july won't disturb camp california's plans for me . 
all regards best regards 
school days
as known , everybody has to spend all their childhood and youth at school , because of that everybody has a similar daily life such as , wake up , got to the school , study and the best , meet all the friends . 
a survey has been done , and the issue is which subjects ( lessons ) and activities the students think are the most enjoyable . someone says it is maths - practical , useful - but the majority say it is boring , unless you're choosing a job which demands all your maths knowledge such as accounting , otherwise you can use a calculator or a computer . the majority have chosen history , which means a big journey around the world , either at the roman life style , or in the middle ages , when a revolution happened with deaps and new lands . people must get some rest often , and as a result they look forward to some happiness at the free time such as , party , games , and every one loves party . it . that should be filmed . 
at all schools there is a similar daily life which must be filmed . this is an important part of our life , which is full of emotions in development . 
dear sir or madam , 
i am writing this letter to let you know my decision in reply to your letter , which i have received recently . i would like to thank you for the competition which was organised by your agency and i must say that i was very surprised when i received the result of the competition . 
i think i could have a holiday only in july because i will have been working for my company for one year by the end of the june and i will have a one-month holiday from my company . i would prefer to stay in a tent than stay in the log cabin because a tent is more enjoyable . 
i might say that i am really good at swimming and sailing because i have been doing these kinds of activities for five years and i have had a really good training in water sports . 
should i take my clothes with me or are they provided in the camp placement ? also , how much does it cost ? 
i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours faithfully , 
dear kim
i hope you and all your family are well and everything is ok . i'd like to tell you about the exciting experience i had last month during a pop concert . i wish you had been there and seen the concert , it was really brilliant . 
as you know , i'd never been to any activities as a volunteer before . the concert tickets were very expensive and i'd seen an advertisement on tv . it said , " be a volunteer at our concert and get a free ticket . " after that i applied and they accepted my application . 
you should have seen it , there was a really terrible rush before the concert and everybody was running around doing something . i helped to carry huge speakers to the concert venue . then i was told to stay in front of the entrance and check the tickets . some people tried to enter without a ticket but they weren't allowed by the police . 
finally , i helped them and in return i had a good experience as well as enjoying listening to the music . 
love
dear sir/madam , 
i've just received your letter , and i must say that i am so surprised . i wasn't expecting to win it . 
i am still studying at the moment i will finish at the end of june so i will be able to leave at the beginning of july . 
regarding the accommodation , i would prefer a log cabin instead of a tent so as to get a better rest . i have a problem sleeping and a log cabin will be more peaceful than a tent . 
you are asking me to choose just 2 activities . it's quite difficult for me because there are 4 of them i like a lot , which are climbing , tennis , surfing and photography , but if i have to make a choice , i choose climbing and surfing . i'm rather experienced at climbing . i have done it once a month since i was 17 . but on the other hand , i have never been surfing . i am a complete beginner beginner but i am dying to do it . 
i've got just one question to ask . i know it is all inclusive , but is there anything i will have to pay for ? if there is , please let me know . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you very soon , and please let me know if you need any further information . 
yours faithfully:
first of all , i think we should have a protagonist for it . a good idea to start will be an alarm clock ringing close to his bed , because that's the way everyone gets up in the morning ( apart from the people who don't do anything ) . 
after that , we should have a morning shot of one of the busiest london tube stations in order to show stressed people going in and out , including among them our protagonist leaving peacefully with a couple of books in his hand - then the school's door , and him going in . 
after this introduction , it will be time to show some of the activities everyone can do at the school , such as lessons or others like the library , our protagonist having a coffee with some colleagues in the cafe bar , the reception service . 
and finally a shot of all the students leaving the school would be a nice ending . 
dear helen ryan
thank you very much for your letter . i was very glad to hear that i had won first prize in the competition . 
anyway , to participate in two-weeks at camp california in the u . s . a i readily give you my personal details and information . first of all , the most favourable time for me to travel is july , because i am in the final year of university , so i have to attend classes for a thesis almost throughout the year apart from july , when i can take a relatively long summer holiday . secondly , i would prefer to stay in log cabins to staying in tents , since i have had a horrible experience being attacked by a swarm of midges , when i camped out . additionally , i am very happy to be given the chance to do some activities during the stay . i would like to choose swimming and painting . i used to belong to a swimming club and practise swimming a couple of times a week . i have also gone in for some competitions . painting is one of my hobbies as well , although i do not specialise in it or anything . i'm looking forward to painting beautiful landscapes of california . last but not at least , what sort of clothes do you think i must bring with me , and is there any laundry system there ? also should i take some money just in case ? 
i'm looking forward to hearing from you soon , and i would be very grateful for your help . 
yours sincerely 
introduction
the aim of this report is to describe and assess daily life at this school and suggest which lessons and other activities should be filmed . this is based on a questionnaire conducted in the school and our english department's investigation . 
lessons
according to statistics based on the questionnaire , the majority of students feel the most enthusiasm for an english class . this may be thanks to native-speaker teachers who came to the school last year . in fact , i visited some english classes to find out that most students tried to answer questions and speak to native teachers . furthermore , fewer students were nodding off compared with other classes like maths . consequently , it might be a good idea to film the english class so that the vibrant and active atmosphere may be able to be filmed . this may also contribute to the promotion of the english department . 
extra activities
it was found that hockey is the most popular sport among students . as the record says , our hockey team has been at the top of the league for three successive years . the girls' football team is also famous for its reputation of keenness on practice . although every school has a boys' football team , our school is the only one which possesses a girls' team . team members can be interviewed . 
conclusion
to sum up , our school is famous for achievements in several fields as well as academic achievements . the whole point of making a video is to tell people that we are not only bookworms but also enjoying our school life . it might also be a good idea to film our computing rooms and sports facilities that we can be proud of . 
13th june 2000
dear ms ryam , 
i was very happy to receive your letter since i was eager to spend some time in the usa . 
i would like to reach the camp in july , and spend there the last two weeks of the month because in august i must start studying for my examinations . 
as to accommodation i would like to choose a tent because i am used to travelling with my sleeping bag and my tent all over europe . 
as far as activities are concerned i would prefer basketball and climbing . i am very good at basketball , and even if i am not a tall boy , i am a good player and i play in a local team . as to climbing i am quite inexperienced but i would like to improve . 
i would like to ask you about some other things . what kind of clothes should i put in my case ? i would like to know , for instance , whether the evenings there are cold or hot . please let me know if camp california accepts credit cards
i look forward to hearing from you
yours sincerely
fabienne mull
13th june 2000
dear kim , 
i was very happy to receive your last letter . as you know i had a great time helping at a pop concert . 
i was at the concert when i met a friend of mine whose job is to organise shows like that . he told me he needed a boy who could help on stage . as you know , i can do a little of everything so i accepted . i connected wires , i carried loudspeakers , and so on . 
when the show started i was on the stage close to two famous singers , bono vox and david bowie . towards the end of the concert i handed a bottle of wine to poolo conte . 
i couldn't believe it ! poolo conte asked me to drink with him . as you know he's my favourite singer . we started talking about music and i asked him many things about his lyrics , which are beautiful but sometimes difficult to understand . i don't think i will ever forget that evening . 
i'm looking forward to hearing from you . 
with my best wishes
fabienne
dear helen ryan . 
i am writing to reply to your letter about the first prize in your competition and to give you all the information for my two weeks at camp california . 
first of all , i would prefer travelling in july , because i will be on vacation and i'm not allowed to travel during term . it'd be great if i could stay in a tent , because i've never slept in a tent before , and i think it is an interesting experience . 
secondly , the two activities which i'd like to practise do during the camp are sailing and surfing . i have already surfed when i was travelling in brazil , but since then i haven't had a chance to do it again . although i know how to surf , i have no idea about sailing . i have only read about it and i am very interested in to practise to try trying . is there any problem ? 
i'd like to ask you some questions: is it necessary to bring any money to the camp ? how much ? and about clothes ? what is more appropriated appropriate ? 
finally , i want to thank you for this great opportunity . i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely . 
camila beatriz de j . branco
a programme is not often good . 
shopping is said to be an enjoyable programme in all situations . however sometimes it isn't so wonderful as it seems to be . 
when you go to a shop it is difficult to find what you are looking for without the help of the shop assistant . the problem is finding a shop assistant who listen listens to your problems and can help you . after that you have to wait a long time in the queue to pay and many times it isn't possible to pay with your credit card and you don't have any money in cash . so you had wasted have wasted hours buying nothing . you can't talk to the manager even to give him suggestions on how to improve his business , because he is always absent . and don't try to complain to someone else because they won't hear you . 
to conclude , although you can have good times while shopping all of us know that it is not always enjoyable , is it ? 
dear mr. ryan , 
even if i worked hard on it , i was very surprised to win the first prize . 
at the moment , i'm worried about not being able to enjoy it because i have recently got a new job and i started working just three months ago . for this reason i am afraid i won't be allowed to choose the time of my holidays . 
consequently i hope that it is possible to join the camp during the last two weeks of july , when the company i work for suspends its activities . as far as i am concerned , i would prefer an accommodation to stay in a log cabin , but in case there are no cabins left i can stay in a tent as well . 
as you already know , i am trying to become a professional photographer , consequently i would choose photography as the first activity and painting as the second . 
however , i would like to know if by any chance the photography activities are only for beginners . in this case i would rather do some climbing , which i have never done before . 
yours sincerely 
- shopping is not always enjoyable - . 
in general , shopping is considered a pleasant activity . actually most people work hard to earn their money and consequently , the occasion on which this money is spent to buy something useful , or simply something they like , should be considered a very pleasant occasion . in fact , the shopping you do for your daily needs is seldom enjoyable , as it is clearly more a duty than a pleasure and moreover you are often faced with some nasty situations . shops and markets are often noisy and crowded , you don't know where to park your car , shop assistants are rude and sometimes they don't know how to do their job . anyway if you can choose the time and the place , and if you go shopping just because you like it , and not because you need to , shopping can be a very nice activity . 
personally i don't like dealing with shop assistants and looking around the shops , so i buy all that i can using " on-line " services . 
god bless the person who invented the internet ! 
13th june 2000
dear helen ryan , 
first of all , i would like to thank you and your organisation for giving me this opportunity . i've just received your letter this morning . i am very happy and excited about it . 
i can only travel during july because i have a lot of a-level examinations to take during june . i would prefer staying in a tent because i haven't done it before and i would like to give it a go . i would also like to choose basketball and surfing as two activities to do while i am at the camp . i am very keen on basketball . i am the captain of the school's basketball team and we have won a lot of competitions . however , my surfing ability is very average as i have only been surfing for three months . there are two questions i would like to ask . the first question is how many and what type of clothes do i have to take with me ? another question is how much money do i have to take with me ( roughly ) ? 
i am really looking forward to taking part in camp california . 
yours sincerely , 
duangkamol ( denis ) saowaluk
13th june 2000
dear kim , 
how are you ? i am fine . remember i told you that i had been selected to help at a pop concert of a local band ? well , it turned out really well and everybody had a great time . 
it was last month that i was selected . i had to help the director write a script for the concert and design the background of the stage . i had also been told that they were going to make a music video of that concert , so i tried as well as i could . i didn't get involved that much in writing the script because it was very hard and the director wrote most of it but the main idea for the background of the stage was mine , and i am very proud of it . everything was finally planned two days before the concert . 
on saturday night , the concert began . everything went really well . the music was great and the fans were loving it . when they finished singing the last song i was surprise surprised when they called me up on the stage and said thank you to me in front of hundreds of people . i am sure that i'll never forget that moment . 
love , 
dear helen
i am writing to thank you for the first prize in your competition and to reply to your letter . 
first of all , in your letter you asked me my preferred travel dates . if it is possible , i would only like to travel in july because i am going to be on holiday in july . 
in your letter , you are going to provid me one of tents and log cabins with accommodation at camp california . i would like to be in tents because i find being in tents more comfortable than being in log cabins . 
i am very happy because i can have a chance to do activities while i am at the camp . i would like to take part in the golf and the sailing . i am not good at either of them . i have been interested in them so i would like to turn up them on this chance . 
finally , i would like to know something about travel . could you let me know whether i need extra money or what sort of clothes i need . i would also like to know whether someone will be at the airport for me because this will be my first time in the u . s . a . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely
dear kim
i was happy to get your letter . i haven't written a letter to you for ages . i'm sorry about that . 
in your letter , you want to hear about my experience at a pop concert . i'll tell you about my experience helping at the pop concert . 
at first , i applied to be a volunteer at the pop concert and then i got responsibility for controlling the audience . i had to make the fans keep in a queue . i also made helped them find their seats . it was very hard work . for example , i always spoke loudly and ran fast . 
however , there was something good for me . i saw a lot of singers and entertainers . i didn't need to pay an entrance fee because i was working there . 
plus , i got an autograph from a popular singer . i'll give you the autograph as a present . it is valuable of keeping on your souvenir . 
i'll tell you more about the experience in my next letter . 
looking forward to hearing from you . 
best wishes 
dear helen ryan
in response to your letter that i received last saturday i am writing to answer your questions . 
i am very happy that i won this competition . i would like to travel as soon as possible because now i am on holiday . my holidays will finish at the beginning of september and it will be good to travel during this period . ( august-september ) . 
the accommodation i would prefer to stay in is a tent because i like adventures and also i will have more contact with nature . 
for the time that i will spend there i would like to choose more than two activities but i know it is not possible so i choose swimming and singing . i usually sing in my spare time and my friends love it when i sing and regarding swimming i was champion last year in my city . so , i am quite good . 
i would like to ask you some questions like what kind of clothes do i have to take with me ? will i need to take how much money how much money will i need to take ? are necessary tablets are tablets necessary ( for headache , insects ) ? can i go with a friend ? 
thank you for your attention . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you soon . 
yours sincerely
introduction
this report is going to give us ideas about which lessons and other activities should be filmed from our daily life at school . 
why film the school ? 
firstly we should film our school to show how important it is for our development . secondly , parts of our life , like breaks , lunch time , spending time with friends , will be good to make the video interesting . 
suggesting places to film . 
a good place to film is our geography class . the students in this class have lots of freedom to speak and we can travel around the world in one hour and fifteen minutes . it is wonderful how technology makes things so easy . also we should film our sports class because with this we will show how important it is to be healthy nowadays . 
conclusion
to conclude we could film our teachers' lives too . that will be great because teachers are part of our life and they have to receive all our attention and friendship because if it wasn't for them we would never grow and learn how to live our lives more confident confidently and with lots of good experiences that we will never forget . 
dear miss helen ryan , 
thank you for informing me that i have won the first prize in your competition . i am writing to give you some of my information and i would like to have some further information on the camp in california . 
firstly , i would like to start my trip in the second week of july because i will have a 3-week holiday in july . i could not travel in june and may because i will have my standard grade exam during these two months . 
as for the accommodation , i would like to stay in a log cabin because i hate sleeping in tents . i stayed in a tent once when i had my duke of edinburgh walk . i felt really uncomfortable in the tent . secondly , i would like to have a chance to do singing and swimming while i am at the camp . i am keen on singing and i have won several singing competitions at school . i have chosen swimming because it is my favourite sport . i enjoy doing it very much . i note that all accommodation and travel costs are paid , but does it include my expenses in california ? lastly , i would like to know what the weather in california is like and what type of clothes i have to bring . 
would it be possible for you to send me a map of california so i know where the campsite is situated ? i would be grateful if you could send me some information . i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely
annabel koh
dear kim , 
hi ! how are you ? how are you getting on with your school work ? do you enjoy your school life ? as you know , i had a wonderful experience last month so i am writing to tell you about it . 
i was chosen to help at a pop concert by chance last month . at that time , i was so nervous because i did not know what to do . however , i was excited to meet lots of people and the pop star , kelly chen . when i first entered the concert hall , i was given a pass for working here . there were five other students , like me , who were waiting to help . we were sitting at the back of the concert hall and chatting with each other . i found that they were all kelly's fans . we were told that we were responsible for decorating the hall . there were lots of decorations and i had to put the decorations in the right place . it was tiring work because i had to run from place to place to hang the decorations . after i had finished my work , i saw kelly chen walking into the concert hall . she smiled at me and said thank you to me . i was very happy at that time and i thought it was the happiest moment that i ever had . at last , the concert started . there were many people at the show and i was sitting in a good seat to watch the concert . 
i had a really good time with this experience because i could meet my favourite singer . could you tell me what your happiest moment is ? 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely 
13th june 2000
dear mrs ryan
regarding your letter dated the 6th of june i'm so happy to receive the first prize . thanks very much . 
i would like to travel in july to california . the reason is that we have long holidays at school at that time . although the accommodation isn't so important for me , i would prefer the log cabin because of the comfort and the better bed . 
i have chosen as my activities surfing and photography . i'm a beginner at both activities . 
i have the following questions :
1 . what kind of clothes are needed ? 
2 . what do i have to pay myself ? 
3 . should i take some money with me ? 
4 . how is the weather in california ? 
i'm looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely , 
a . becker
shopping is not always enjoyable
most of the time shopping is fun and enjoyable . 
there are a lot of reasons why it can be awful to go shopping . even if you run out of money or you have to buy a particular thing which is difficult to find . i once had this problem . i was looking for a special fruit . 
the sales assistants in the stores aren't so nice or helpful . sometimes they give me a bad feeling like , , customer treat with order " . 
last week i was shopping with my younger brother . awful ! he wanted everything that his eyes saw . all the stuff for children is on the same level as their eyes . afterwards , i felt tired and unsatisfied with the store . 
the shops have bad opening times . 
when i feel in the mood for shopping everything is closed or i haven't enough time to look around . 
my conclusion on these points is not so bad . i like shopping only with my best friend . 
thank you for that information . i didn't expect that i could win your competition . i want to travel only in july because now i'm studying at national academy of defense and i don't have time for anything else . when i arrive , i would prefer accommodation in log cabins . i prefer that because i will travel with my wife and she always prefers that kind of accommodation . i tell you in secret that i don't know why she does that . you said that i will have the chance to do two activities , so i choose swimming and sailing . i love all kinds of water sports . in summer i always go to the seaside or some kind of lake to swim . i like to catch fish too . i think that i'm good at swimming . when i was young i had been swim swam in many competitions . 
my personal best is 27 . 66 for fifty meters . i would like to ask you about the weather in california in july . what kind of clothes should i bring with me ? are there any discotheques or something ? i would like to know if my wife can come with me , because without her i can't be there . 
daily life at my school
i'm studying at national academy of defense . there are about two thousand students at my school . there are only men . everybody gets up at six , and the first thing they do is run for about two thousands thousand five hundred metres . then they take a shower and everybody goes for breakfast . usually i have eight lessons . two times a week i have w-f . this is very important , because every soldier should be strong . 
today there was the sport competition in basketball . my group of students won that competition for the second time . i don't play basketball well , but my friends do . after this competition there was mathematics , and two hours of biology . i don't like biology , so i slept on the desk in a classroom . i think that competitions should be filmed because my school is a kind of sports school . on video there should be how we get up . how , how we run , how we eat breakfast . then you should show how our school looks from outside . there should be an interview with students and with professors . daily life at my school is not only school and teachers and mathematics problems . there are military problems too . we spend a lot of time outside the school during the military things . we must know how to use a gun , or how to drive a tank . that kind of things thing should be filmed somehow . 
dear mrs . ryan:
thank you very much for your letter . i am so glad to know i won the first prize . 
regarding your questions , the following are my answers . 
the only time available for me to travel is july . any time during the month suits me . i need to insist on it , because i am not able to take holidays during the rest of the year . 
i would love to stay in a log cabin . they are more comfortable and really match with the environment . 
it is not easy to choose from the list of activities . all of them look interesting . although this is a new experience , i would prefer climbing and photography . the first one sounds like a great adventure , while the second will allow me to capture all the unforgettable views . 
in addition , i would appreciate it if you let me know what is the kind of clothing required for the camp; whether i need some money there and for what; and finally whether the prize is just for me or if i can go with somebody else . 
yours sincerely
dear kim:
finally i'm writing to let you know about the most exciting experience in my life . can you believe that i was helping at the last britney spears concert ? 
during the day i helped prepare her room , then she arrived , and i was there to continue helping . 
she was so kind to all of us . of course i asked her for an autograph . i hope to see you soon . i can't wait to show it to you . 
the concert was a big success , a lot of excitement . everybody sang and danced , and i was there to see everything from the best position . 
each time she came back to the room , she asked for something to drink , just a diet coke , because she's always looking after her figure . then she ate something small and she looked full of energy all night long . 
at the end , she took the time to say good bye goodbye to all of the people helping her . i really think she's the best . 
but now , tell me about you . don't be lazy and write more often . 
dear mrs ryan , 
i received your letter last week and i would like to thank you very much . i was really surprised and happy to hear that i had won the first prize . in your letter you ask me some questions about my preferences :
first of all , i would prefer to travel during the month of july , because i have already booked a holiday with my cousins in august . 
secondly , i would prefer to sleep in a tent because i am a very active person who loves the outdoor life . thirdly , i am keen on sailing and i have been lucky enough to practise do this sport . moreover , i got my licence last year in port camargue in france so that means that i can teach this sport . i also choose golf . i have never tried this sport but i am sure i will enjoy it . would you be kind enough to tell me if i need any special clothes or equipment ? furthermore could you give me an idea about the pocket money i need ? 
please do not hesitate to contact me if you need more information about me . 
looking forward to hearing from you soon . 
yours sincerely , 
brigitte bourgeois
from: brigitte bourgeois
to: mrs darley - teacher
subject: short video about daily life at our school . 
the purpose of this report is to identify which lessons or other activities should be filmed . in order to prepare this report i visited on many occasions the classrooms the classrooms on many occasions and talked to the students and teachers . 
it seems to me that it would be a nice idea to show our library because , according to the librarians , the library has a welcoming atmosphere and is also well used moreover , the range of books and newspapers is very broad and useful . the students mentioned that it would be very interesting to show the english lesson because some foreign students will probably join our college next year and it is the best way for them to find out about our english course . 
to sum up , i would suggest filming our library , because it is a pleasant place that students really like , and the english lesson , which will help foreign students in their future decisions . 
mrs helen ryan , 
i have just received your letter where you stated that i won the first prize in the competition , about which i need more information . 
to begin with , in your letter you asked me when i would like to travel . well , i would only be available in july , because at that time i would be on my winter holidays . also , i prefer sleeping in a tent to sleeping in a log cabin because it is easier to clean . 
you mentioned the chance to choose two activities from your list . i would like to do tennis , because i used to play when i was at school , and swimming because i like water sports and because i am good at it . could you also let me know what kind of clothes and how much money i would have to take . 
thanking you in advance for your help , i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely , 
ka . felipa munoz
to: the teacher
from: ka . felipa munoz
subject: suggest lessons and activities to be filmed . 
introduction
the aim of this report is to suggest which lessons and other activities should be filmed to make a short video about daily life at school . 
history
it is a very interesting lesson where you can learn about the things that happened in your country . also you can compare the different cultures of all the countries and sometimes there are planned visits to historical places . 
french
in this lesson you can learn how to speak , write and read this foreign language with teachers that are well prepared . 
gym
there is a well equipped well-equipped gym where students of all ages can practise any kind of sport in their free time . 
theatre 
this is an extra-curricular activity where you can take part in a play . you can sing , act or just help backstage . 
conclusion
to sum up , it is a big school where you have a lot of interesting lessons and some optional activities to do in your free time . 
dear madame helen ryan
competition organiser
i've just received your letter and i thank you very much indeed for that . i didn't expect to win the first prize in your competition . i am very happy . it has always been my dream to spend two weeks at camp california in the u . s . a . now it's become a reality . 
if i can choose the time , i would like to travel only in july because in other months i have a lot of things to do . 
regarding accommodation at camp california , i would prefer to stay in a log cabin because i think it is safer than a tent . 
i've read that i will have a chance to do two extra activities while i am at camp . 
i think it would be a good idea to practise my photographic technique , because i'm not so good a photographer and i would like to learn how to swim as i can't do it . taking part in these two activities would be very useful for me . 
there is another thing i would like to know . what kind of clothes should i bring with me ? and how much money can i take with me ? 
i'm looking forward to hearing from you . yours sincerely -
shopping is not always enjoyable . this is true . 
a few days ago my class had a big discussion about shopping . 
on that occasion i hadn't the opportunity to give my opinion on this task . 
now , my english teacher has asked me to explain what i think . 
in my opinion , nowadays , shopping is very easy and at the same time very hard . 
it is very easy because there are a lot of things to buy , shops are full of every kind of thing . you can choose the price most suitable for you . choosing from a lot of things and choosing the prices too are very enjoyable for me . 
shopping is not enjoyable when you have not enough money to buy what you want , or when you are not sure about what you would like to buy . 
i remember very well two people who thought very differently about shopping . 
my grandmother thought that shopping was a terrible thing . she hadn't even enough money to buy the bread . 
whereas , my mother was very keen on shopping for everything . 
dear mrs . ryan , 
i am writing to you in order to get further information about my trip to camp california and to make some things a bit clearer for you . 
firstly , since i'll be very busy during the next three months due to my job's demands , i would like to travel in july . although the weather may not be friendly , it is the only time i have to see the beauty of the camp . 
i'll choose to stay in a tent , considering that i want to feel the country in a more raw way . and being a photographer during my spare time and a swimmer since i was a child , these will be the activities i'd like to do while at the camp - i think i am fairly good at doing both things ! 
i would also like to know some more details about what sort of clothes i will have to bring with me and about the amount of money which it will be necessary for me to take . 
i'm looking forward to joining you in july and hoping that this trip is an amazing experience . 
yours sincerely
pablo picasso
shopping can be painful
as a child , i would be taken to the mall and be forced to go through all the shops and establishments just to please my mother , whose desire to buy , without any sort of control , all kinds of clothes and gadgets was something unbelievable . and due to these bizarre experiences i went through as a little boy , everything related to shopping seems like a bitter liquid which i'm forced to drink . 
it is difficult to see any enjoyment in shopping: facing the crowd , having to withstand the rude clerks and shop managers , trying desperately to choose the right thing - these burdens form the dark side of shopping . certainly , buying things can be a pleasant activity , especially if you are acquiring the goods for yourself . but situations in which you do not need to move carefully in order to avoid stepping on someone's feet are quite rare and , when they do happen , time passes by very fast . however , if you are another fool standing amidst the crowd , waiting for the queue to move , time slowly melts . 
believe me , shopping can also be painful . your feet will turn into pancakes after a long day out in the streets and your muscles can get seriously injured after carrying all those bags which contain loads of objects . amazingly , doctors tell people to look after their bodies during christmas time: shopping can cause you a large variety of undesirable pains . 
nonetheless , people still find some obscure pleasure in putting their mental health at risk . they keep claiming that there's nothing better than shopping . in spite of our decadence , some cheap souls still have the courage to say that , by shopping , they're filling their empty spaces . 
dear helen ryan
i am writing to answer the questions you asked me in the last letter you sent me . 
firstly , i can only travel in july because that's when i have vacations from school . secondly , i prefer to stay in a tent . i have stayed in a tent a few times and i have not had any problems . about the activities that i can do at the camp , i chose to play basketball , which is my favourite sport , because i want to do some exercise while i am on vacation . i also chose photography because it is one of my hobbies . i am very good at both activities because i have done them all my life . 
i would like to ask you a couple of things about the prize i have won . firstly , what kind of clothes do i have to take to the camp , clothes for hot or cold weather ? i also wanted to know if i have to take some money to buy souvenirs and food or will that be paid for , too ? 
those are all my questions . i am looking forward to receiving your reply . please write to me soon . 
yours sincerely
eleonora jimenez . 
dear kim
i am writing to tell you about my experience at a pop concert last month . 
as you know , i am a member of a bsb fan club , and last month we had the opportunity to help at a concert they gave in the city where i live . first , i helped sell the tickets . that wasn't difficult because everybody wanted to go . the day of the concert we helped to clean the place where the concert was performed and to get everything in order so the concert could be a success , which it was . 
what i particularly liked about this experience was meeting my favourite pop group and talking with them about their lives as members of a pop group . i also enjoyed being able to work as part of a team with both all the members of the club and the bsb . it was one of the best experiences i have had in all my life
i am looking forward to hearing from you . please write to me soon or call me . my new phone number is ( 958 ) 1217653
yours
eleonora jimenez
dear ms ryan helen , 
thank you for the information . i am glad i've won first prize ! 
i would like to go in july because it's the only month i can choose . in july i'll be on my vacation . as for accommodation i would prefer to stay in tents . in my opinion it's the best way of joining nature and fully enjoying it . i'd be glad to choose painting and singing . and i'm good at both because i used to go to a painting studio when i was at school . i also used to be in the school choir and was one of the best sopranos . so i'd be happy to do the activities for two reasons . first i am good enough at both of them . secondly i truly love painting and singing . 
i would like to know what the weather is like in california in july to know what clothes i should take . another thing i am interested in is general information on prices in the usa . 
i would greatly appreciate your prompt answer . 
yours sincerely
e . sidorov . 
i enjoy shopping like any woman . it is amazing and sometimes amusing how charming and strong the spell of luxurious supermarkets and cosy little shops is . and still even this strong spell can be easily shattered . who can prevent me from having a good , though probably not for my purse , time in the magic world of shopping ? the assistant of evil power which frustrates the long-looked-forward-to spell is a shop assistant . or i would rather say he or she might happen to be such . it's all very nice to be met by a helpful assistant with a radiant smile , ready to help you . but sometimes i really get annoyed at his or her , persistent in nature and polite in structure , questions or suggestions . to say nothing about his or her giving advice ! i always make my own decisions ! like any human being i am not delighted to feel guilty , especially when i am not . but i do feel ill at ease when i see disappointed or angry assistants' faces on leaving the magic world without any souvenirs of it ! 
dear helen ryan
i've just received your letter saying that i have won the first prize in your competition : 2 weeks at camp california in the usa . i am very glad to hear that and would like to tell you all the information you need to know from me . 
i will be able to travel only in july because it is my summer holiday and i assumed that it will be enough time to fit the trip in . also i cannot go during other holidays because for the easter holiday i need to take part in a tennis competition in the name of my school and we need time to practise . in the christmas holiday i would like to go back home and be with my family . also we are going on a ferry trip with my relatives . those are the reasons why i cannot go on your trip at any other time . i do apologize about that . 
i would like to choose these 2 activities , they are tennis and climbing . as i said before , i have to take part in a tennis competition , so i think i am quite good at it . i started playing tennis when i was 9 . now i am 18 years old . i was in the tennis county player when i was 12 . i took part in have taken part in 15 competitions already . i have lost 5 games and won 10 games . my dad encourages me to play tennis and i enjoy it . regarding climbing , i started to be interested in it when i was 14 . my family live near the sea so we get quite a lot of chances to go climbing . i'm not scared of heights and i think it's challenging . my sister loves nature and climbing so she is the one who influences me . 
i would like to ask you a few questions . how hot is it in california in july ? so i know what kind of clothes i need . do i need a lot of money ? will we have time for shopping ? what kind of food do we eat ? this is because i cannot eat pork . if this is an inconvenience , please feel free to tell me . thank you very much . 
yours sincerely
dear kim
how are you ? i am sorry that i didn't write any letters to you during the last month . i really wish you had been with me last month . guess what i've done ! i've been helping at a pop concert that was put on at my school . that's why i have had no time and wanted you to be there with me . i will tell you all about it ! 
as you know i took art for my gcse and fortunately i liked it and got quite good marks for my project about light and sound . so my art teacher came to me and my best friend , who is really good at art too , and asked whether we could would be able and willing to help with the concert in two weeks' time in the concert hall . i immediately said " yes " and so did my friend . i really thought it sounded so interesting . i had never done light and sound for a real pop concert before and i thought it would be a good experience for me . actually i'd just done light and sound for a drama day at my school at the end of last term . but this time it'd be different , i thought . do you know that this concert will be on television ? 
the preparation days came . on the first day we started to work for this concert , the real professionals came . their job is was to prepare for the concert . i had a chance to talk to them about their jobs and it was amazing ! it sounded very interesting to me . then we started to talk about what we had to do for this concert . i have learnt lots of things about preparing a stage , lights , sound and background . i felt like i was one of those professionals too because they always called me and my friend to help them and that made me learn lots of things from doing the practical work . all of them were very nice and friendly . another exciting part was i had to climb to put the lights up . can you imagine the real concert , and how high the lights always are ? it was good fun though ! but my friend didn't like doing that at all . she didn't seem to enjoy it as much as i did . 
at the end of the day , my ambition is to be like one of those professionals . i really do hope i can be like them . my teacher was very proud of me because after the concert , all the staff were saying how helpful i was and so on . do you know , my ambition makes me try to work very hard and this term i got a for my art and design . it encouraged me so much and i think i can be good at it if i keep on working hard . i think the concert has changed me so much . now i have my aim for what i should do in my life . i feel like i have to work harder . 
i hope you will feel like me one day . i will write to you again soon and tell you how i am getting on . 
lots of love
13th june 2000
dear ms ryan
thank you very much for your letter which i have received this morning . 
i am so pleased that i have won the first prize in your competition . 
firstly , i would like to go to camp california in the u . s . a in july because i still have got an examination in my college until june , 20th . so if it's possible could you arrange it for me please . and also , i would prefer the log cabins to the tents , as i have never slept in a sleeping bag before . i imagine i couldn't sleep at all . 
secondly , i would like to play basketball and tennis at the camp . they are my two choices of activities , because i used to play tennis and basketball for ages . 
finally , could you give me your suggestion about money and clothes . what kinds of clothes are suitable to take with me and could i have any benefit from you for my trip or not . could you please send me more information about this . 
i am looking forward to receiving your reply soon . 
yours sincerely , 
yumi nakamura
13th june 2000
dear kim
hi ! how are you ? thank you for your kind letter and i am glad to hear about your news . 
kim , i would like to tell you my wonderful experience last month ! on 5th of may , which was a national holiday in japan , i had a part-time job at a pop concert in the tokyo dome . 
the pop singer was called hikaru utada , she is only seventeen years old but she is the most popular singer now in japan . the concert started at 7 . 00 p . m . at that time i was on the second floor where i had to work . i did a part of gard job . i stood up in front of the audience and i had given an attention to them . i couldn't see 'hikaru' but i still could hear her songs . i thought if you were here i could really enjoy it with you . 
all of her fans were stood up the whole concert and dancing . i was so exciting night . 
some of the fans were not good at all because they shouted and argued , but most of the people were very good . i had enjoyed so much my wonderful experience my wonderful experience so much . 
i am looking
please give my regards to your family
love
13 june 2000
dear mrs ryan:
i am very glad i won the competition to go to camp california . 
i must say though , i would have to travel in july because it's the summer holidays for schools and i would like to spend some of them in california and visit a few friends if that is possible . 
log cabins a log cabins a log cabin would be the ideal accommodation . presumably they are more spacious than tents and it would be easier to keep tidy . it's always nice to have a warm , clean place to go to after sailing , which is one of the activities i would like to do . and i'm quite good at it . climbing would be my second option , but for this i'm afraid i would need some instruction because i've only done it a few times . 
i would like to know how much money people usually take and how much clothing . 
sincerely yours
13 july
dear kim:
well , you want to know what i did at the concert ? help . . 
i know it sounds extremely boring and that is exactly what i thought when i was asked to help , but to my surprise it turned out to be much more fun than expected . 
about 20 people were helping apart from me . we had a kind of rotation system so that all the volunteers could also enjoy some of the concert . 
of course there was the cooking and bar-tending for anyone who was hungry during the breaks . the hard work , though , started when everyone left at the end of the concert . it was in fact more fun than the concert itself; believe it or not , all the pop stars came to help us clean up and we all had a food fight with the leftovers ! 
it was so fun , and i enjoyed it a lot . if you ever know of a concert that needs volunteers tell me , i'm in ! ! ! 
write back soon
dear mrs ryan , 
i am writing to provide you with the information you require . 
first of all , i want to inform you that i would like to travel only in july , because in california at that time of the year it is very hot and i prefer going in summer to going in winter or during it other season , because i can do lots of activities that in winter it would be impossible to do . 
secondly , i would rather be accommodated stay in a log cabin than stay in a tent . in my opinion staying in log cabins is more fun and much cleaner . 
thirdly , i would prefer to swim and play tennis , because i have been doing this since i was i child , and i think i am very good at each activity . 
finally , i would like to ask you if i have to take some money , or if everything is provided by the organisers . furthermore , i would be grateful if you could tell me what type of clothes i have to take . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely , 
dear kim , 
sorry for not writing to you before , but i have been so busy , because last week i went to a pop concert to help the singers . 
first , when i arrived they told me to go to a big room , where the singers try on their clothes and they have their make-up put on . there , in the room i had to help them , i mean the singers , to put on their clothes , and i had to put make-up on them . a few minutes later the show started and the group appeared on the stage . while they were singing a man told me to clean the room where the singers get dressed . later , when the show had finished , i stayed with the group in their room for a few minutes . then , they went to the airport , and my dream finished . 
what i really liked doing was helping them with their clothes and make-up , because i learnt how to do make-up for someone and i spent a few minutes with the most popular group in the world . 
write to me soon . 
love , 
dear mrs . ryan , 
i am writing this letter concerning the information you have asked me to give you . 
first of all , i would like to thank you for giving me the chance to visit camp california . 
as far as i am concerned , my exams at school will have finished by the middle of june . to be honest , i would like to spend a few days with my family , before i go to california . therefore , it would be better to go there in july . july should be the hottest month ! the best season for holidays . 
regarding the accommodation , i would be pleased to stay in a tent , because this reminds me of my holidays with my family . 
according to concerning the table of activities , i choose singing and swimming because i am a very good swimmer and have been a very keen singer from a very young age . i joined my choir when i was eight years old and i have sung solo in two concerts . 
i would be grateful if you would tell me how much money i will need with me . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely , 
dear kim , 
i am really impressed with your interest in my experience at the concert . i thought that you didn't like pop music and things have to deal with that . 
anyway , i enjoyed it very much ! it was the best experience i've ever had in my whole life . i was trying to be with the singers all the time . it was fantastic . i wanted to touch them , as the only way to convince myself that i was with them . 
i didn't really have to do anything special . i just had to take care of them , serving some drinks and food during the rehearsals . 
that's the advantage of being a volunteer . you have good experiences which you'll never forget ! 
you have to try it once in your life and if you don't like it , don't do it again . 
regards , 
dear helen ryan , 
i'm really happy to know that i won your competition . and first of all , before i ask for information about the trip , i want to say thanks a lot . 
i would like to travel in july because it is the best time to take a break from my work . 
regarding the accommodation , if possible i would like to stay in a tent because i think it is a relaxing place to stay . furthermore because i like to live in contact with nature . also it is possible to meet a lot of people , and to chat during the night , perhaps around the fire , playing a clutone and singing . i think it is a nice way to have fun . 
i'm really happy to know that it is possible to play sports . i would like to play tennis and go swimming . i choose tennis because it is a sport that you can play with other people , also because i like competitive sports . the other sport that i would like to do is swimming . swimming is my favourite sport because you can relax your body and your mind . 
i would like to ask you for further information about this trip . 
first of all , what kind of clothes do i have to bring with me ? how much money do i need for this trip ? 
also , if possible i want to know if there is any possibility of organising a trip around the most important cities near the camp ? and if during the nights there are any entertainments ? 
thanks for all the information . i'm looking forward to hearing from you again . 
yours sincerely , 
after the discussion that we had in the english class , i understood that a lot of people sometimes don't enjoy shopping . 
i can't understand these people because this never happens to me . by the way , usually the people who don't like shopping are men or children . i think it is difficult to find a woman who doesn't like shopping . but i have to admit that sometimes i don't really like shopping , above all when i'm tired or when i'm not in the right mood . in fact if i'm not in the right mood i become irritable because i can't find anything . 
for me , the best moments for the shopping are two opposite situations . 
for the first situation happen to me , when i'm angry with somebody really close to me like my boyfriend or a member of my family , so to relax i go shopping and usually i enjoy it a lot . 
the opposite situation is when i pass my exams and i really need to buy something as a present for myself . 
dear madam:
how delighted i was when i received your letter ! 
about the information required , i would like to go in july because it is my half term at university and summertime would be ideal . 
regarding accommodation , i would rather stay in a tent . i want to enjoy the wildlife and admire the landscape . 
as regards leisure activities , my favourite is basketball , which i have been playing for two years , because i have been selected for my university team and i think some time practising with players from different countries will help me develop my skills at an international level . 
secondly , i would like to play tennis , which is my hobby and i think it helps my mind to keep working . 
i would like to ask you how much money i need , how the weather is , in order to pack the necessary clothing , and whether i need anything else . 
yours sincerely . 
dear kim:
what a fantastic experience i had helping my favourite group ! 
you wouldn't believe it ! i was working helping to build and dismantle the stage . sometimes i had to check the sound by saying something into the microphone . that was my chance and i always pretended to be a singer and that i sang in a duet with the vocalist of the group . it was such great fun ! 
but the most exciting part of my job , and the one that i was looking forward to , was the last night of the concert , because all the staff were promised a party with all the members of the band . that night was the best of my entire life . 
i am sending you some pictures , the best ones only because there were some quite embarrassing ones . 
i hope you like them and i am already waiting for your next letter . 
yours faithfully
dear mrs ryan , 
thank you very much for your letter informing me that i have won the competition and that i have got the prize of a two week holiday at camp california in the usa . 
because of my business , i am very busy and this is the best time for my business so i can't organise any time to go on holiday , but i'd be able to travel at anytime in july . i would prefer to stay in a tent as i feel that it would be more exciting than staying in a log cabin . as you offered me two activities , i would like to go swimming . i am not a good swimmer yet but soon i will be . i have been learning to swim for the last eight months and i have been really enjoying it . another sport i play have played is basketball , which i used to play for the school's team when i was at secondary school . i have not been playing it at all recently but only wish i had . this trip will certainly be a good opportunity for me to start playing it again . 
i wonder if you could answer some questions for me . have you any recommendations regarding what type of clothes i should take with me ? do you suggest i take cash , or can i use my credit card ? will there be a tour guide during the trip ? 
i thank you again for your assistance and am looking forwards to hearing from you soon . 
yours sincerely , 
prasert charoenkul
dear kim , 
it has been quite a long time since i last wrote to you . i hope you are well . i have something really exciting to share with you . 
there was a michael jackson concert in my city last month . it was a charity concert , which was organised by the university where i am studying . my classmates and i , we were asked to decorate the stage , and clean the concert area . but guess , kim , what the most exciting thing for us was . we were asked to be the singer's interviewer . it wasn't a spokesperson kim but just asked him a couple of questions behind the stage . i was so nervous that i couldn't remember what to say . if you imagine yourself talking to a famous pop singer such as him , how do you think you would feel ? but what i really enjoyed that evening was when we took our photographs had our photographs taken with him after his concert and he signed them for us on the backside back of each picture . 
we had a wonderful evening . his concert was absolutely brilliant . everyone was screaming , shouting and dancing while he was singing . i wish you had been there with us . 
is there anything happening over there ? please write to me when you have time . i am looking forwards to hearing from you . 
love , 
prasert charoenkul
13 . jun . 2000 dear sir or madam , i am very pleased to hear that i won the first prize in the competition . it would be great for me to go to the u . s . a as the prize and to stay for two weeks . below is the information you requested from me . firstly , i would like to travel in july because i have got a prior plan to teach korean children in brighton about korea and korean history in early august . secondly , i would like to stay in log cabins which would have a good smell of nature in them . also if i have to choose two of the activities , i would like to play tennis and to go surfing because playing tennis is my first choice and i am very good at it . and also the reason why i would like to go surfing is that i am always dreaming of surfing on the coast of california like on tv , but i have never tried to surf yet , which doesn't mean i am bad at swimming . finally , i would like you to let me know which clothes would be suitable for the weather at that time and how much money i should take . i look forward to hearing from you soon . yours faithfully , haneul gay kay . 
when you spend money on goods and services , it gives you satisfaction and happiness but going shopping is not always enjoyable . there are a few reasons . 
firstly , you cannot always get the right thing although you scour all the shops to find something you want . you may only get tired feet . and also you would have to thread your way between the shoppers because there are too many shoppers , especially on special occasions like during a sale . secondly , you cannot exclude that you might get robbed by a pick-pocket which would make you upset and irritated when you think of how you could avoid it and that you could take less money in your wallet . 
in addition to this , even if you buy something you like , you can change your mind at home . sometimes , a moment comes that you would like to buy something you have not wanted because while you are shopping , you might get something beautiful or good to you . so you spend more money than you had expected . 
to sum up , you should spend money according to your plan and you should be cautious and sensible to make it enjoyable . 
13th june 2000
dear edouard , 
firstly , let me thank you for your nice letter of june 10th . i was so surprised but so glad to read that i had won the first prize in your competition . 
in response to your question and if you don't mind , i would prefer to travel in july because i've already booked my holiday and my boss won't give me another one . 
i would be grateful if i could stay in a log cabin . i'm not a young girl anymore and do appreciate a little bit of comfort . 
as you asked me , my favourite activities would be painting and climbing . i like very much the mountains the mountains very much and would particularly enjoy painting them after a walk . would you be so kind as to write to me as soon as possible because i need the precise date of the journey . i've got four children and have to organise their time without their mother . 
furthermore , i would like to know exactly what kind of clothes i have to take with me and how much money i should expect to spend there . i'm really looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely , 
edith-marilyn piaf
shopping is a part of my everyday life . i'm a mother of four and you can easily imagine how many things i have to buy in a week . it starts with food ( monstrous ) and goes on to clothes , pills , games and so on . it never ends ! but contrary to what you might expect , i love shopping . i find it very relaxing . at home , you have to work hard and you're often stressed because your children are always asking you for something . when you're shopping , you can finally relax , just admiring what you see . your only task consists in choosing what suits you or buying what you prefer for dinner , for instance; furthermore you're not disturbed: it's a dream ! 
to be fair , i must say that i've noticed one drawback to shopping: you need money ! 
you'll understand , i'm sure , why i prefer shopping at the beginning of every month . in order to change this situation i would have to win the lottery: another dream ! 
dear mrs . ryan , 
i received your letter last monday . i want to say thank you for making me the lucky person who won that competition . it will be a great opportunity for me to see the united states and i am so happy about that i cannot explain it . 
you want some further information from me . about the date when i want to travel , can i say that it is only possible for me in july because i have to do some exams at school . i would prefer regarding the accommodation at the camp regarding the accommodation at the camp , i would prefer a tent . the reason is that i like to live really naturally and it is more enjoyable to live in a tent than in a cabin . 
regarding activities , i can say that i like every sport , but basketball and tennis would be perfect for me . in basketball i have had more practice than in tennis . i play every weekend in competitions with my local team and about tennis it is that i tried but it is not like my basketball experience . 
also i want to know how many clothes and how much money i will need for these two weeks . please write to me with your answer as quickly as possible . 
i hope i can hear from you soon . 
yours sincerely
dear kim , 
how are you my lovely penfriend ? i hope well well , i hope . you want to know how it was to work and help at a pop concert ? it was marvellous . you see the stars so near and also you can chat with them . on my first day i had to help to bring the stuff for the band , things like guitars , drums and other things . it was hard work for a while but i was so happy to help at a really big pop concert i can't describe it . on the other two days i helped to prepare the breakfast , lunch and dinner for the band . you are always so near to these people and after a while it is normal to stay and chat with brian adams , for example . i really enjoyed that and it was one of the greatest , if not the greatest experience of my life . on the other hand it was a well paid well-paid job at 15 pounds per hour . what can you say ! 
the organizer of the tournament tour spoke with me and asked me if i wanted to do the same work in two months at the rolling stones concert . is that not isn't that fantastic ! i couldn't believe it but he gave me the contract to sign . i hope , kim , you were not too jealous about that , sorry . please write to me soon . i'm waiting . 
love 
thank you very much for the prize . i went crazy when i knew i was the winner of your competition . i am looking forward to going to camp california . i've never been to the states before and having the chance to do so makes me really happy . 
so let's answer the question you asked me to in order to make those two weeks there as much fun as possible . you asked me when i would like to travel to california . definitely , in july . that's my only month for holidays in the whole year . if possible , i'd like to spend my time there in a tent . i hope just the sleeping one . that's the most suitable accommodation for a camping holiday . it keeps you in touch with nature . that's what camping is about , isn't it ? i've found the list of activities you sent me very interesting . if i have to choose two of them i'll take tennis first . i'm an expert on it and i'll have a good time beating everyone there . can't say the same about golf . it will be my first experience on the green . i just hope i don't get injured . one thing you have not told me is whether i have to pay for everything myself in california or not . please , let me know . 
waiting for your answer , 
jos
dear kim , 
as i told you in my previous letter i finally had the opportunity to take part in the sting concert here in segovia . no , not as a singer . not yet . my only role was to carry things from one place to another . very heavy things , those which sting uses to make his show even more spectacular . have you seen the giant screen behind him in every concert ? i was the one who put it there in segovia . well , some others helped me with the task , but that did not make it much easier . 
anyway , it was a great experience and i enjoyed it very much . the part i enjoyed most was the one when they paid me . it wasn't much but that means nothing when you have the chance to take part in an event like that . they also gave me a ticket to watch the concert live . great show . 
next time come with me . i think ernestina is coming to the city very soon . see you then ! 
jos
dear mrs ryan ! 
i'm very happy that i won first prize in your competition . two weeks at california in the usa is the thing i dreamed about a lot . you asked me few questions in your letter . i would like to answer . 
the only time for me to visit you is july . i can come to usa in july because in august i will be working with my father . we are building a new house for our family . what about accommodation ? i prefer tents to log cabins . nights in hol . in july are hot . a tent will be cooler to sleep in than a cabin . 
you offer a great variety of activities . my best sports disciplines are swimming and basketball . i am a life guard and i could work in your camp as a rescuer next summer . basketball is the game which i love . i always watch the nba matches on t . v . it will be great for me to do basketball in the usa . i have questions too . how much money should i take with me and what sort of clothes are required ? 
thank you . 
yours sincerely k . 
shopping is not always enjoyable . 
ten or fifteen years ago we had empty shelves in shops in poland . we could only buy things from russia . people always queued for stuff from the west . if you had wanted something special for example for a gift you had to stay in a line all night . it was the worst side of shopping in poland a couple of years ago . nowadays we have capitalism , free market , lots of private shops , markets and supermarkets . we can buy everything we imagine . polish supermarket supermarkets are not polish-origin shops . they are imported from another western european country . 
i appreciate these shops for lots of products , cheap prices and big spaces . but the problem is when i want to buy only one thing , for example bread . on friday evening and on the weekdays all supermarkets are crowded . they are filled with people who want to buy everything . 
i do not like crowded places . this is the reason why i do not like shopping . 
dear mrs ryan , 
i am really surprised about the free trip to california , because i've never ever won anything before . 
my summer holidays last for two months , but i only have time in july . in august i am going to work in an office , so there is no possibility of travelling that month . 
i would prefer to stay in a log cabin . for one night it would not bother me to sleep in a tent , but for a period of two weeks it would be too uncomfortable . 
at the camp i would like to go sailing a lot . once my family and i went to greece and rented a sailing boat for three weeks . because my parents did most of the work , i don't know exactly how to handle a sailing boat . 
as the second activity i have chosen to take photos . i used to be the photographer on family holidays and i know how a camera works . 
finally i have some questions concerning the clothes i am going to need and how much money i should approximately approximately how much money i should take with me . i just want to know what i will have to pay for myself . 
thank you very much for giving me the chance to discover a new type of landscape ! 
yours
the statement mentioned is perfectly in tune with my opinion . if you want to buy new clothes for summer the biggest difficulty is to find a shop which sells what you are looking for . once you've found it you should take everything you like and go into the fitting room . 
it's a big advantage to go shopping with a friend , because he or she can bring you all the clothes in the right size if the item you took doesn't fit . often it happens that the salesman hasn't got the size you need and that's always a pity . 
after trying on about twenty different tops , dresses or jeans your legs and your back start to hurt terribly . in the end you may have found only two or three things you really like , but they are worth all the work . 
dear miss helen ryan , 
i have received your letter concerning two weeks at camp california in the usa . so i will answer your questions . 
i would like to travel only in july because i think it's the best month for me to enjoy my holidays . 
regarding my accommodation , i would prefer a log cabin because it's more comfortable than a tent and less hot with the sun . however , i hope , there is water and light inside this log cabin . 
from your different activities , i would like to practise :
1 . surfing because i never do it and i would like to learn . 
2 . photography because in my free time i take some pictures of people , countryside , -- - so , i want to have more experience and a better technique to
succeed at a good level to be more successful . 
nowthere , i would like to know if it's possible to change my activities during my stay . can i change some money at the camp or near it ? is it possible to come with another person ? and are there different prices for the same holiday ? 
thank you for answering my different questions . 
yours sincerely , 
shopping is great when you have lots of money and time ; you can buy clothes , shoes , make-up; cds , whatever . but it's not easy for workers , because the shops close their doors about 5 . 30 pm ( half past five ) . when you work in an office , a factory , a company , you have the same hours as them . so you can only go shopping during your lunch break . if not , you can go on saturdays but it's hard , because there are too many customers . you can't walk , or try clothes on , and it's very hot . the saleswomen are too busy and haven't a moment to give you advice . 
in england , there aren't paper for make a present . it's different to the other european countries . 
sometimes the saleswomen aren't friendly , because they are stressed or they aren't the sale feeling . 
finally i think it will be better if the shops stay open until 7 . 30 pm ( half past seven ) . it will provide a good service for their customers and be cooler for them . 
dear mr. ryan , 
i have just received your letter and i am writing to give you further information about myself . 
first of all , july is the only month i can travel in because i will have to start working from august , and i would like to stay in a tent when i am at the camp so that i can enjoy the great atmosphere which tents only can make and i love . 
i would also like to tell you which two activities i am keen to do at the camp . one of them is basketball , which i have been playing for over seven years , and i am the captain of my university basketball team . the other one is tennis , which is also my favourite sport and i have been playing for several years . i go to elementary school to teach children how to play tennis every wednesday and friday . 
i am therefore writing to enquire about some things . what i would like to know is what the weather is like so that i can bring appropriate clothes and also how much money i should bring . lastly , i would like to know how many people are coming to the camp i will go to . 
i should be grateful if you would send me the further information that i asked for and i look forward to hearing from you soon . 
yours faithfully , 
makoto tanaka
for a short video
introduction
the aim of this report is to summarize the results of a survey about lessons and other activities which should be filmed . this report is based on a sample of over 80 students of my school . 
favourite lessons
interestingly , over half of the students who were asked enjoy attending history class , while 30 per cent are keen to take an art and music class , and a small number of the student ( less than 15 per cent ) like to take social studies class . 
favourite activities
not surprisingly , football was well-preferred as an activity which students do after school generally ( over 30 per cent ) and also about 25 per cent preferred baseball . amazingly , over 20 per cent of the students would like to take up handball from next year . 
conclusion
to sum up , it seems that there are so many interesting lessons and activities at our school , 
dear ms ryan , 
thank you very much for informing that i won the prize . i was very pleased to hear that . i am writing to give you the information you asked me for . 
as for the date to travel , i would like to go there in july . owing to the summer course i take starting in august , july is the only month i have free time . 
with regard to the place to stay , i would be most grateful if i could stay in a log cabin . i never could sleep in a tent in my life . 
i was also very pleased to hear that i could do some activities . since i have studied photography for several years , i would like to take some pictures of beautiful sceneries scenery in california . after photography , swimming is my best method of relaxation . it would be great if i could go swimming during the stay . 
finally , i would like to know what kind of clothes i should take there , and how much money i would need . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely , 
although shopping is one of the most popular ways to reduce your stress , this is not always the case . there are some negative points that i would like to make about shopping . 
first of all , if you want to buy nice dresses , the first thing you have to do is look around all the shops and department stores in a city . if you are lucky enough , you might find them within 30 minutes , but if you don't , you might have to keep walking for several hours and still not find any ! ! that would be so exhausting . 
next thing you have to do is try them on . you have to be patient enough to tolerate long queues for fitting rooms . after that what is waiting for you is the struggle with ill-fitting clothes , taking off and putting on . that's hell ! ! 
that's not the end of the story . you need to go home with bulky bags in both of your hands ! ! 
to sum up , although there is certainly a good side to shopping , such as the pleasures of getting new stuff and spending money on something you really wanted for a long time , you also have some unpleasant moments to get through . 
i'm very pleased to received receive this prize . thank you very much . 
the only time i can travel to the u . s . a is in july , because that is the only time i can leave my work . other workers are taking on other months so there is only july that is available for me . 
about the accommodation at camp california , i would like to stay in a tent . i'm a very outdoor person , who likes to go camping and hiking , so a tent is like a second home to me . 
the two activities that i would like to do are tennis and climbing . i'm very good at tennis , and i was a professional tennis player . i won the u . s . open and the french open in 1986 and 1988 . unforgivably , my climbing skill is nowhere nothing like my tennis skill , but i always love climbing . i'm afraid of heights and ever since i always want have always wanted to conquer that fear ! 
at this point , i would like to know which airline i will be travelling on and if it is possible can you send me more information about camp california . also i would like to know how long i will be staying at this camp so i can decide how much money i'm going to need and how many clothes i'm going to take . 
i would like to thank you again for the prize that you have given me . 
filming life at school means filming the students' actions and behaviour . we need to show what students' interests are and which subjects they are interested in . 
i think science is one of the interesting subjects in school . it is very interesting and fun with the experiment . lots and lots of experiments produce quite interesting and amazing results and i think science is very useful in life . we can see a lot of interested faces among the students while we are filming them . also it is not a very easy subject so we can capture other students' faces in confusion and puzzle puzzlement . 
also drama is one of the most fun and interesting subjects . we can see students expressing their feelings , wonderful and exciting story that the student made up or from a well known well-known story . 
another exciting subject which most of the students like very much is p . e . many students like to play sports . ( i'm one of them ) . it would be a good idea to have that in . plus you can use me as the main person because i'm very good at it . 
we can also film life after school . after school activities are one of the main things in school . there are lots of interesting activities doing things such as painting , swimming , football , basketball , reading , drama , and much much more . we can capture bits of each activity and use them as finish clips for our film . 
dear helen ryan , 
i would like to thank you for your letter ! i went in for your competition and i was really anxious about the results . i am surprised that i won the first prize but also very happy about it ! therefore it is my pleasure to reply to your letter . 
firstly , i would like to arrive at the camp in july if that is possible because i am working and i will not have spare time before then . 
secondly , you mention " tents or log cabins " as the accommodation provided . i would rather stay in a tent than a log cabin in order to be close to nature . i adore the sound of the wind , trees , animals and everything which surrounds me . i could feel the environment . 
thirdly , regarding the activities i have to choose , i would prefer swimming and tennis . i have gained some experience in playing tennis due to the tennis court that we used to have at home . i do a lot of sports , so apart from playing tennis i am a member of our local swimming centre . i can reassure assure you that i am gradually improving my sports skills . 
finally , i would like to ask you what kind of clothes i should bring with me . is the weather changeable ? i was also wondering if i will need any money . i would appreciate it if you could let me know as soon as possible . 
i hope the information given will be of use . i have tried to be as helpful as possible . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely , 
dear kim , 
i am writing to you about my recent experience . i know how impatient you are to hear about it and i just want to let you know that it was amazing ! 
as i've told you , last month i went to a pop concert and i really enjoyed helping with the preparation . it took place in a huge stadium which had over 4 , 000 seats for the " spectators " if you can call them that . can you imagine ? 
there was a large stage which we had to sweep clean . that was a little bit odd but funny at the same time . another thing we had to do was help the staff to transfer move some equipment . the musicians brought it in order to achieve a high standard of sound quality . we had to be very careful . have you any idea how much this stuff is worth ? you don't even want to know . 
apart from this , we were mainly helping the singers to prepare for the concert . they had to choose their clothes , and do one last rehearsal before the big night and everything had to be perfect ! 
even if i could use 100 sheets it wouldn't be enough to describe my experience and the things that i gained from it ! i've learned the meaning of the words " reliability " and " responsibility " . anyway the result of the whole preparation is far more enjoyable and relaxing . 
looking forward to hearing from you . 
best wishes
dear sir or madam , 
i am glad to hear that i have won first prize , two weeks at camp california in the u . s . a . 
i would like to travel in july because i will have my holiday in july . i would rather stay in a log cabin than a tent . i think it would be more comfortable than a tent . i want to attend swimming and tennis courses . i have been swimming since i was five years of age and until 1993 i was a member of the school team . i am good at timing on swim . i am also good at playing tennis . i won a prize in a competition in 1999 . 
i would like to ask about money . is everything free ? do i need to bring money for anything extra ? but and also i would like to know about clothes . do i need any special clothes ? will you provide them ? and do i have to pay for clothes ? 
if you could reply to my letter by the 28th of june i'd be grateful because i have to give information about my holiday dates to my company . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely , 
- shopping -
who doesn't like shopping ? everybody likes it , from a child to an old lady in her sixties , but it is not always enjoyable . 
when you get home tired after spending all your morning and afternoon shopping you want to go to bed because you spent the whole day just looking for a suit and you couldn't find the perfect one . 
the only thing is , we need to know what kind of thing we want to buy and where can we we can buy cheaper and better quality stuff . 
we have a few possibilities . we can look in a magazine or a booklet which is delivered with the newspaper weekly . we can order a free catalogue from big shops or companies monthly . we can also watch some special channels on the television . the easiest and latest way is internet shopping so . so you don't need to see long-faced staff in the shops . you won't wait in the queue . you don't need to go out to buy something . you can order everything on the computer . 
i think you won't be tired and bored at the end of your shopping on the computer . think about that way for enjoyable shopping . 
dear mrs . ryan , 
i have just received your letter and i would like to thank you for the two weeks in california i have won in the competition . california has always been in my dreams . 
i will be leaving university in a few months' time but it is in my plans to continue my studies at another university , trying to do a master's of two years two year master's . having decided to take a month off between university and course , it would be great to have my holidays from 1st to 15th july . 
i have always wanted to spend my holidays in a tent but my father has never given me permission , and this would be an ideal opportunity for me to learn about camp life . 
i am a good swimmer and also good at golf ( handicap twelve ) . i took a certificate to become a teacher teacher in both of them six years ago before i went to " croara golf " in milan where i organised the evening's entertainment for the customers . 
i hope that you can let me know , before i live leave , how hot it will be so that i don't make a mistake choosing my clothes and how much approximately i will spend money approximately how much money i will spend . 
i look forward to hearing from you . please do not hesitate to contact me on ( 0297 ) 8245123 in case you should need me . 
yours sincerely , 
bonfilia conti
i do not agree that it is preferable to phone the shop and give them a list of items you need instead of going to the shop and choosing whatever you want . 
first of all , i believe that if someone has time to go to the shops has the possibility . 
dear mrs ryan
i am writing to inquire whether it is possible to have more details about travel and to give my preferences regarding travel . indeed i would rather travel only in july since i'm going to work in august in order to earn money to pay for my studies next year . 
moreover i would prefer to stay in a log cabin because i can't put up with mosquitos and other insects which come into tents . 
i've chosen two activities from the list: tennis ( as i practise do this sport regularly and i'm very good at this activity ) and golf because i don't know anything about this sport and i wish to find out about it . 
i would like some details about the kind of clothes that i should take with me and how much money to take . 
don't hesitate to contact me in order to have further information . 
i hope to hear from you soon 
yours sincerely
dear readers
as you already know , your english class is going to make a short video about daily life at your school . that's why i'm writing a report suggesting which lessons and other activities should be filmed . 
first of all , it seems obvious that we should , at least once , film a lesson with our english teacher who had the idea to make this short video . 
also i would suggest filming lunch in the restaurant at twelve o'clock in order that people are aware of the high level of noise inside the restaurant because of the babbling . 
at the end , in my opinion , it would be interesting to film a lesson of sport sports lesson in order that our parents realise that we improve our bodies bodies' abilities , and not only our mental abilities at school . 
dear helen:
i am very pleased to receive your letter , and read all the questions you have asked me . now , i will answer your questions . 
i would like to go in july , because at that time , is start my summer holiday my summer holiday starts at that time , so i have more free time , and i want to stay in tents more than log cabins , because when we stay in a tent we are usually in the countryside . at that time , i think it should be suitable for me . 
do you know i am amazing when it comes to playing tennis ? i am on the first tennis team in my school , so i can show my high tennis skills during the holidays , and i can play basketball as well , but not very well . you could say i only know how to play . 
do you mind telling me what the weather will be like when i am on holiday , what kind money i should bring with me and what language i should speak there ? 
please write back . take care
from
what do you think about shopping ? 
great fun , very happy , if go with your girlfriend it will feel romantic , you should think something like this , but do you know it is not always like this ? 
when you go shopping with your girlfriend , she wants to look at every item of clothing in the shopping centre , but you are not interested in that , romantic . romantic , no ! i think you will feel bored . 
if you interested in the clothes as well , but you need to remember , one is male , but one is female , they should have difference different fashion , at that moment should be had one is boring or have some bad chat , so in the end you both will feel unhappy or angry with each other . 
if you go out with your same-sex friend that should be fine , same fashion , but if every time you go to the same place , everyone will feel bored . 
shopping can be enjoyable , but not very often , so don't say to everyone that shopping is always enjoyable ! 
dear mrs helen ryan , 
i am very pleased with the prize that i have won and i would like to give you more information about me , because i would really really like to go to california . i have always wanted to go to california . 
first of all , i'm very ill at the moment and i need about a week to get better and i would like to travel within the next few weeks if that is possible ( july 2000 ) . 
in accordance with what you have told me about the accommodation i would prefer to go and stay in tents , because i think they're unusual and that is not something that you do every day . 
you have also asked me to give you two activities ( sports ) which i would like to do while i am at the camp . the kind of activities that i like from the list that you gave me are basketball and swimming . 
i would also like to ask you about the weather to see what kind of clothes should i i should take with me . 
on the other hand i don't know how much money i should take . is the food paid for ? what about all the other expenses like gas , electricity , water and all the others . 
may i ask you to give me some more information about the questions matters that i have asked you about ? 
thank you very much for your letter . 
yours sincerely
dear mrs andersen
i would like to give you and the others in the class my opinion ( concerning the video that you are going to make ) about which lessons and other activities should be filmed and why . 
well , from my point of view the most interesting lessons that we have at school and which are useful in real life are maths because everything we do is all about maths . the other lesson that i think is very important is physics for the same reason that maths is important . on the other hand i think that geography is important as well because we should all know where we live , what the problems are that we have in this world , what problem every different country has and where the petroleum comes from and what are the advantages and disadvantages of using it the advantages and disadvantages of using it are and about the gold as well . there are loads of things about geography that we ought to know . 
in accordance with all that i have written to you above i think that there is something else you must put in the video . you can put in a few activities ( sports ) like basketball , football , and tennis , but only those because they are very popular and people will be interested in them . 
my advice for you is: " do not put in too many subjects . just put in a few subject and make them look interesting . " 
yours sincerely
dear mrs ryan , 
i am very glad to hear that i have won first prize in your competition . here is some further information you need from me:
i would like to travel in july . it is the only time of the year i have two weeks' holiday . i would be grateful if you could give me a log cabin . it is safer and there is no problem if it rains . 
as for the two activities , i would enjoy climbing and playing tennis . i have been climbing for more than 7 years . it should not be a problem . on the other hand , i have never played tennis in my life . but i watch every tournament on television . i like this sport very much . 
i would like to know if i need any special clothes , extra money or any other things . could you please send me more details about that ? 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
charline cholmondeley
shopping is not always enjoyable . 
there are two kinds of shopping; the first one is shopping for fun . you often see young ladies looking for the nicest dress , the most beautiful shoes and so on . . . they are all excited when thinking about the party they have been invited to . it is very nice when you can do your shopping like that . 
the second kind of shopping is not enjoyable . it is when you have to buy what is necessary for you: bread , butter , milk etc . . . it is always the same . you have to find the best article for the best price . you are among thousands of people , but , at the same time , you are alone . besides , when you want to pay for the things you have chosen , you can believe that the ladies behind the cash desks are unable to smile . after that , you have to carry your bag ( of course far too heavy for you ) to your car . when you are at home , there is no reward except that your husband or your children notice that the fridge is full again . 
shopping is annoying but also necessary . it . that is why it is not always enjoyable . 
dear helen ryan , 
my name is agripina t . i just receive received your letter and i would like to answer and ask some questions . i would like to travel only in july because it's the only month when i'm free . in june i have to take some english lessons . i would prefer to stay in log cabins because i think they are more comfortable than tents . i don't really like staying in tents . if it's possible to stay in log cabins i'll be pleased . while i'm at the camp , i would like to do two of my favourite activities , which are basketball and singing . i love to play basketball . i'm not good at it but i try my best . in the past i was in a basketball team and i enjoyed it a lot . also i like singing . in future i would like to be a singer . i like this kind of activity . there is something else i would like to ask . at the camp , is there a free uniform or will we have to wear something special ? also i would like to ask about money . how much money should i take with me ? and is it necessary to bring money , will we need it ? 
this is all that i wanted to ask . thank you for everything . 
yours sincerely
agripina tymoshenko . 
i suggest filming our english lessons and maths lessons . from the activities i suggest filming sports lessons and music lessons . we have very interesting english lessons . they are always funny and nice . we always learn something new . at some lessons students are always working , but as we work , we joke , discuss many topics , tell some stories about our life . students think that we don't do anything and we don't learn anything special . it's not true . we practise our english and i think we have to film our english lessons , so others can see that to study this way is better than to study the way they do . also maths lessons are so interesting . many people don't like maths because they think that it's a boring subject . i think it all depends on the teacher . our maths teacher knows how to teach so we don't get tired of his lessons . i think we should film the maths lessons , so students and some teachers will change their opinion about maths . for activities , we should film sports lessons because we always do something new . we have many competitions with other schools , and we always have fun . our music lessons are special . we try to play many instruments , and sing even if we don't know how . and it's always interesting to watch others while they do something like that . 
report by agripina tymoshenko . 
dear mrs ryan , 
i received your letter this morning . i am very pleased to hear that i have won first prize in your competition . you can find further information from me about camp california in the usa . 
first of all i can go to camp california only in july because i will start working at our local leisure centre as a swimming instructor . 
and i would like to choose swimming as an activity at the camp . my second choice is painting because i love watercolour painting and i am a member of the watercolour painting club in my town . 
i would like to stay in a log cabin because i have had bad experience experiences with tents . i do not like to stay in such a small space . 
lastly , i would like to know how much money i should bring with me , and could you give me an idea about what i must bring in the way of clothes and what i do not need . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely , 
shopping is not enjoyable anymore
we are all customers of the big supermarkets . they have all that we need . they are a bit far from town but they have huge car parks . they give us lots of choice to buy what we need and what we can try for . 
also they have lots of sales special offers on everything , you can even join their clubs for extra discount . it looks seems wonderful doesn't it ? 
but when we think about it seriously , shopping is not enjoyable , for example , if you forget something that you need for a salad . you have to go back to the supermarket and find the nearest parking space , then before someone takes the last fresh lemon for your salad , you must find out where is the lemon section the lemon section is , because they love to change the store around again and again . when you get your lemon you have to go to queue to pay for the lemon . 
as this shows , shopping has become one of our dislikes , because of the huge supermarkets . 
13/6/00
to whom it may concern , 
i have recently received a letter saying i am the first-prize winner in your competition . it was wonderful news and as you have requested , here is some further information and details . 
i would like to travel in july as it is my summer holiday and is the most convenient time for me . 
at camp california , i would preferably like to stay in a tent as i think it would be more enjoyable . 
the two activities i would like to do are photography and sailing . i think they are a good contrast . i have not done sailing for quite a long time so i might find it difficult but i am looking forward to it . as well as getting some good exercise , i would also like to be able to learn something new . i have never done photography before . 
i also have some enquiries concerning the trip . i would like to know what the weather is like at that time of the year so i am able to pack the essential clothing . i would appreciate it if you also advised me on how much money i should take . it is all new for me as i have never been to the usa before . 
please send me additional information soon . 
thank you for your time and your kind efforts . 
yours sincerely , 
when you think of the word 'shopping' a smile always comes onto your face . shopping is thought of as enjoyable . teenagers go shopping for fun and to socialize . 
there is more than one kind of shopping though and one particular kind is window shopping . 
i would say window shopping is the reason why i have no money now . sometime last month , i was just the same as i am now , with no money . my friend wanted to meet up with me so we made plans to meet up on a high street to go shopping . for me , that meant window shopping . when we went into the first shop , i caught sight of a long black dress . as i had nothing better to do , i tried it on . i fell in love with it . i knew though that i couldn't get it - not yet anyway . 
i went back every day just to eye that dress because i just couldn't get over the fact that i had no money . 
when i received my monthly pay , i rushed down to the shop and without thinking , bought that dress . i was back to where i was before - with no money ( and a black dress ) all over again . 
when i think about it now , shopping is not always enjoyable . 
13 , june , 2000
to helen ryan , 
hello , how are you ? i'm fine . thank you for the letter . i got it today and couldn't believe it ! you asked me for some further information . i will write it down . 
i'd like to travel in july and this is the only time i can travel , because i am busy with a school project until the end of june and i am going to work in a hospital for the summer holidays in august and september . 
for accommodation , i prefer log cabins , because i believe i can meet more people if i stay in log cabins and it's a lot of fun to talk with them . 
i'd like to play tennis and basketball while i am there . i have never played basketball , but i have played tennis for 6 years and i am a good player . 
i have never travelled abroad and don't know if i should bring a credit card with me . if you have suggestions , can you write to me again ? 
thank you again and take care , 
yours sincerely , 
13 june , 2000 . 
dear kim , 
hi ! how are you doing ? i'm fine . as you asked me about the concert , i'll write about it today . 
first of all , we cleared all the seats . there were so many seats that it took a long time to finish clearing . before the concert started , we sold some snacks and drinks and after that , we stood in front of the audience to prevent them from moving forward . during the concert , all the fans try to get closer to the singers , jumping , shouting and so on and some of them faint when they get too excited . we move them to a safe place so that they won't be kicked or stepped on by other mad fans . 
by the time it finished , i was exhausted , but i certainly enjoyed this experience as you can meet many people at a time and what i liked most was that you can see famous stars very close and listen to their live music for free ! 
have you had an interesting experience ? please write about it in the next letter . 
i hope to hear from you soon . 
yours
dear helen ryan
i have received your letter . i am very happy to have won the first prize . 
i would like to go in july after taking my examination at college at the end of june . so it is impossible for me to go earlier . 
i would prefer to stay in a tent to staying in a cabin . because it is something i feel more familiar with . i used to go camping with my family every summer . 
i am quite good at swimming . i won the first prize at the regional championship six years ago . but i think i'd rather do other activities which you list in your letter , like tennis . i have been playing this game with my friends and i like it . 
i would be pleased if you could give me some more information about the accommodation , and some advice about the clothing ( shal ) i should wear and how much money i should take with me . 
yours faithfully
shopping is not always enjoyable . it's not even healthy for your pockets . 
i just wonder how much time we spend shopping at the supermarket or how much time we spend buying clothes . 
me , for example , i don't particularly like shopping . when i go on my own , it can be boring . 
my sister loves shopping . she could stay in a shop all day trying on clothes . 
i agree that most people enjoy buying clothes , food , something for the house , presents etc . because it is something that goes with their culture . 
sometimes you can stay out all day just to buy a present for someone . it start starts in the morning , and of course you have breakfast somewhere , and it gets later and you are still looking for it , so you have lunch , and finally you spend more money than you thought you would . 
dear mrs ryan , 
i am writing in reply to your letter in which you tell told me i have won first prize in your competition . i am glad . thank you very much . now i am answering your questions and then i would like to know some further information about travel and accommodation . 
i would like to travel in july because in june i am going to take some exams at university and at the moment i do not know the exact date . i can tell you i am only free in july . 
i would prefer an accommodation to stay in a log cabin because i am not keen on tents and i think that a log cabin is more comfortable than a tent . 
as regards the chance to do two activities while i am at the camp i would like to do painting and photography . i paint in oils from life and my subjects are landscapes , people , animals . i also like taking photographs , for example during my journeys or trips . so when i go back home i can use my best pictures to reproduce them as a painting . 
would you give me some information about me clothes to wear there ? i would also like to know how much money i can bring . looking forward to hearing from you
yours sincerely , 
billy esposito
there is somebody who says that 'shopping is not always enjoyable , ' and who is happy only when he can go shopping . 
first i do not think that shopping is enjoyable when you must do it in a hurry or as a duty . if you have to run from one shop to another , always looking at your watch , going shopping is a terrible activity . 
on the other hand if you can walk around without any time problem with a good friend i think that shopping is very enjoyable . for instance , it is fun to enter a clothes shop and try on a skirt or a t-shirt although you do not buy anything . 
to sum up i enjoy wasting money whether buying useful things or not . i often like buying gifts for my relatives and friends . in my opinion , shopping is relaxing , above all on saturdays when you have finished a working week and you are expecting a wonderful sunday . 
dear mrs h . ryan
i am writing with reference to your letter and i would like to give you some information which i have been asked for . 
because my course finishes at the end of june and i am going to work for a hotel in august and september , i would like to travel in july . that is the best time for me . 
as far as accommodation is concerned , i would like to say that i prefer to stay in tents . i like staying in tents because when we go on holiday with my friends , we always stay in tents , so i am used to staying in tents . 
moreover , i have also been asked to choose some activities . i would like to choose basketball and swimming . when i was at school , i played for the school team and i am good at swimming . 
finally , could you let me know what sort of clothes would be best to bring . it would also be useful to know how much money to bring . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely , 
to: mr. j . y
head teacher
from:
re: short video about daily life at i . s . o . school . 
findings
i have discussed with my friends and schoolteachers about this subject discussed this subject with my friends and schoolteachers . here is some information about daily life at i . s . o . 
morning lessons: although there are a lot of classes , there is a special fce class in which students are being prepared for the fce exam . there are special methods and materials for students . 
afternoon lessons: the aim of the afternoon lessons is to be able to give ability in speaking . there are some discussion groups , so students may have a discussion on any subject . 
break time: we have a lot of facilities for break time . these are computer , video , and sports . 
recommendations 
in my opinion we should choose break time activities . because there are a lot of activities which students take part in , it would be much better for video . 
dear mrs ryan , 
i have just received your letter informing me that i won a two week holiday at camp california , so i am writing to you to tell you my preferences for the travel and the accommodation . 
i have no particular needs but one: it will be necessary for me to travel in july because my work will keep me very busy in all the other months . 
about the accommodation , i have no problems , but i would prefer staying in a tent , so that the holiday may be more adventurous . 
during the holiday , i would like to play tennis and golf . i can play tennis quite well , but i have never played golf , so , if it is possible , i would like to take lessons with a teacher . 
i would like to know also what i will have to pay for with my money and how the weather is at camp california , because i have to decide which clothes to bring . i look forward to your reply . 
yours sincerely , 
clara mancini
people often have very different opinions about shopping . most women and girls like it , especially when they want to buy clothes and shoes . a man is usually less interested in shopping , maybe because he frequently has to pay for what his wife has bought . 
in my opinion , shopping can be interesting in big stores , where you can find everything , or in shops which sell something special or strange . on the other hand , i don't like going to shops where you see only common things , and i hate it when it is crowded . in this case , you have to stay in long queues , you can't walk without being pulled or pushed , and you often have to spend an hour buying some soap or a packet of biscuits . even if you are with a friend , you can't talk , because of the noise and the confusion , and you may find it difficult also to walk close to each other . 
the best thing to do to avoid queues and crowds is not to go shopping on saturdays , but it is not always possible . 
dear helen ryan , 
i received your letter and i'm very happy because i didn't expect it , so first of all i want you to know that i really fancy going to camp california in the u . s . a . for two weeks , especially because i've never been to this country . 
on the one hand i would like to travel in july because i'm working in a school and the lessons finish at the end of june so if i could take this extraordinary opportunity in july it would be better for me because in august i will have to be ready to begin preparing the exams for september . if it is any problem let me know as soon as possible because i'll try to sort it out . 
on the other hand i think i would rather not sleep in a tent because i had a bad experience once and i would like to try log cabins . although it wouldn't be a problem if i finally had to sleep in a tent . 
another point is that i have already chosen two activities that you asked me while i am at the camp and they are basketball and golf . they are the best activities for me because i think i am good at both and i used to play them before . 
finally i want to find out if there is a supermarket near the campsite and if there are any facilities for washing my clothes on the camp . 
i look forward to receiving a reply from you . 
dear kim , 
last month i had the most exciting experience in my life . as you know , i was helping at the pop concert and it was amazing ! 
the concert was in the university in the middle of the field and at the beginning when we arrived there weren't many people , only those who had to prepare the stage and the sound system and of course us , who had the job of serving drinks during the concert . 
we arrived quite early because we had to work out how we were going to serve people did with which order , so we started putting all the stuff in the appropriate place . 
i was very nervous because i'd never been to a concert before and an hour before everything started the singer and the musicians were there and i couldn't help it and i started crying - you can imagine , they were so handsome that i couldn't believe it - i tried to calm down because i had to work , and later i began to feel more comfortable and when the concert started everything was so exciting that the time went very fast - although i was working - and it was like a dream . 
well i think i'm going to remember it all my life and i'm sure that if you had been there you would have enjoyed it very much . 
see you soon . 
best wishes . 
dear mr. ryan , 
in reference to your letter dated 28 may i would like to thank you for informing me about the competition result . i am very glad to hear that i am the winner of the competition organised by your company last month . it is very pleasing to know that i have a chance to spend two weeks at camp california in the usa , where i have never been before . 
according to your requirements i would like to answer your questions regarding travel time , accommodation preferences and activities which i like to do . answering the first question - i would like to travel in july . the reason is i am working for the telecommunication company as a marketing specialist and we are preparing for the biggest telecommunication fair in the world which is taking place in september . we will be working on this for the whole of august so the only one vacation month i can go is july . 
concerning the accommodation - please be informed that i would prefer the log cabin as in the meantime i should work on my laptop , preparing some financial reports so electricity will be needed . i think that the log cabin will be more comfortable over all . regarding two activities - i have chosen tennis and photography . i just started to play tennis . that is why i think it would be a possibility to practise and check my skills . photography is my hobby . 
shopping is not always enjoyable . 
people like doing shopping ( especially in poland , where many new and modern supermarkets have been opened ) ladies prefer to visit underwear shops or departments in huge hypermarkets and men are happy when they can buy something new for their cars , motorbikes or computers . people all over the world like going to do shopping with friends of family ( it's easier to choose the really needed things for kitchen or bathroom , to get something tasty for dinner , lunch or breakfast ) . 
but some people don't like doing shopping at all . the reasons are; distance , lack of car , crowded streets , traffic on the way to the shop . they can say , , shopping is not enjoyable'' because they prefer to order clothes and food from catalogues or in the pizza hut restaurant situated on the corner . they are too lazy for walking and looking for something nice for a birthday present or flowers for girlfriends . on the other hand - it's very comfortable to sit at home , call and wait for the order . people who don't like shopping have their own reasons for this situation ( maybe they had an accident with a rude shop assistant , bought not fresh food one day and do not want to do that any more , had a bad experience with other people in shops ) . they don't like shopping either because of the weather ( sometimes it's too hot or too cold for going outside ) . 
anyway everybody should do shopping as people need to eat , need clothes and many other important things to live . even if the shopping is not always enjoyable people have to buy things ( and spend money ) . 
but every individual can choose the way to do it . it absolutely depends on lifestyle , personality and needs . 
dear helen ryan
thank you for your letter . i'd like to go on holiday for two weeks at camp california in the u . s . a . i can go only in july because i'm a student . it's summer holiday at that time . i want to know if it is available at that time . 
first of all , i would be pleased if the accommodation was in a log cabin because i'm afraid of insects and it's wet in the tent . it'll make me like the village . 
i like painting , and once i won first prize in the university competition . i think i'll have a chance to draw some pictures , and i'll show them to my friends who have never been there before . the other activity i would prefer is sailing . my father was a sailor when i was child . i was dragged into learning sailing . i'm good at it . it would be exciting . 
furthermore , i would like to ask you which kind of clothes i need to take and how much money i'll spend . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely
recently we had a class discussion about shopping . all of the students agree that shopping is not always enjoyable . 
women always enjoy shopping . but a lot of inconveniences annoy them . so they said they do not always enjoy shopping . first of all the parking is not convenient and is expensive . sometimes you can't find a place to park your car . sometimes you have to park your car in a further place then walk to the supermarket . 
furthermore , when you look around the supermarket , you can't easily find the goods which you want to buy . it's very confusing without the right signs . sometimes you get lost in the supermarket . 
additionally , men never like shopping . while their wives are doing the shopping they sit in the car or read a newspaper . they would be happy if there were sports and leisure facilities in the supermarket . then they'll then they'd change their mind . instead of hating shopping they would enjoy shopping . 
in my opinion , nowadays , shopping is not always enjoyable . 
i have just received your letter and , firstly , i would like to thank you for this good news . i will give you the information which you asked me for in your letter and also i will ask you some questions . 
as i understand , it is very important to confirm the date of my trip . i would rather choose july because it is the only month when i have got holiday long enough to spend it travelling abroad . 
now about accommodation . if it is possible i would prefer to stay in a tent . as i am young i would like to be a romantic person and to be closer to nature . i think it will be the best way to understand what california means . 
answering to answer your question about activities , i am going to choose tennis and swimming . i am quite good at tennis , especially playing doubles . also i like swimming and i've got two years years' experience of teaching swimming at a leisure centre . 
could i ask you some questions about clothes and money ? should i take some clothes for the cold weather ? the last question - could you give me some idea about how much money will i i will need . 
yours sincerely
shopping is not always enjoyable . 
as a woman , as a mother and , finally , as an ordinary person , i am going go shopping quite often . do i enjoy it ? if i told you " yes " or " no " , i'd tell you nothing . 
shopping is part of my life . sometimes i hate it . i can't concentrate in a shop , and i can't relax either . i am looking on the shelves but i'm not able to find anything from my shopping list . everybody is pushing me and i think that i came to the wrong place . 
on the other hand , i understand very well that it is really necessary . i also understand that nobody will do that in my place . however , everybody in my family will open their mouths and won't just ask to eat , they will ask me for something special and tasty . 
to be honest , sometimes i like shopping . i think it is an opportunity to meet different people ( even if they are pushing you ) , to understand what they like and what they don't , because even some kinds of food can be in fashion . when i am with my children i can learn teach them to read , to count only if they don't run away from me to educate themselves in the huge world , the name of which is " shopping " . 
dear competition organiser:
i'm so happy and excited to receive this letter about the fact that i've won the first prize in your competition . 
i've been dreaming of travelling to the u . s . a for so many years . the dream is happening to me now . so i shall think about it carefully and make everything ready ! 
i would like to travel in july because i have to go back to my country in august . and i'm sure that the weather in july will be lovely ! 
i prefer staying in tents to staying in log cabins . i think staying in tents is more comfortable for sleeping . also i am not very keen on sleeping with too many people in the same place . 
basketball is my favourite sport . it's one of the most popular sports in the u . s . a as well in my opinion . and i was school-team player when i was in high school . so i am good at it . the other thing i would like to do is sailing . but i have never tried it before . i just think it will be exciting and interesting for me . maybe i can't manage it ! 
also i have two questions to ask you . the first one is , should i take a lot of money or just a little ? and the last one is , do i need pillow or blanket or something else ? i hope that i will enjoy my journey ! 
yours sincerely
shopping is not always enjoyable
more and more people like shopping now . you can see so many people walk along the business street every day and any time , especially in oxford street . sometimes shopping can relax people and increase people's working speed . but is it always enjoyable ? 
of course not . the most obvious example is that when you're shopping in the shop you're not sure which one you are going to buy , you turn to the people who sell them , but they sometimes ignore you . so you like them but you don't want them any more . it makes you angry ! 
also , for example , you really like some shoes or clothes , when you want to buy them , someone tells you " i'm sorry , this one is sold out " ! what a pity ! you become unhappy immediately . 
and sometimes , for example , you just bought something last week , but when you go shopping this week , you see the same items but different prices , maybe from 50 down to 20 , and then you'll regret wasting money , although you like it very much . if you are a rich man it doesn't mater , but if you are a poor man , you will be sad ! how can shopping be enjoyable in this situation ! 
so i think shopping is not always enjoyable ! 
dear helen , 
thank you very much for your recent letter . i cannot believe that i won the first prize ( it's great ! ) and , of course , i am very happy . 
as for your questions , i am free to travel only in july because i will have my holiday after finishing the exams . and , i have to return to my university by august . 
i prefer to stay in a log cabin rather than in a tent because i am not used to narrow spaces and feel more comfortable with a place like a bedroom . 
furthermore , i prefer to do painting and photography as my hobbies and my fascination for art and enjoy taking photographs of wildlife . 
finally , please could you give me an idea what sort of clothes to bring ? and how much will i spend there ? also , please advise me regarding any things it is necessary to prepare and bring . 
i look forward to hearing from you soon . 
yours sincerely , 
dear kim , 
sorry i haven't written to you for such a long time , but i've got a good excuse ! 
last month , i was partly in the concert teams . it was a big one that i never thought and i couldn't have imagined how amazing it was . 
i didn't know what was my responsibility until they called me to be trained . what a surprise ! and unbelievable unbelievably , i was responsible for looking after the pop stars . you might understand how excited i was . but , i got through it . i had to take care of them during the break , serving drinks , clothes , i even brought them some cigarette cigarettes and anything they wanted . i think they are so hospitable and warm with people around them . you know , because of this have changed all my opinions about the self-important behaviour of superstars all my opinions about the self-important behaviour of superstars have changed . 
what i most appreciated was that they gave me their latest cd with their signatures . marvellous thing ! and of course , as you have seen , i've given one to you . 
i hope you're well and enjoyed the cd and don't forget to write back all about your news from during your summer holiday job . 
love , 
13 of june , 2000
dear helen
i am really happy to receive a letter about camp california from you . i am excited and looking forward to camping there . 
i would like to travel in july because i have an important exam in september . plus , it may be lovely weather at that time in the u . s . a . 
i would prefer log cabins . to tell the truth , i want to stay in both , but i have never stayed in log cabins before , so i want to try a new style for me ! 
i would like to choose singing and tennis . i used to go to karaoke with my mates friends in japan as i really like to do that , anytime . on the other hand , i have played tennis for nearly 7 years and it is also one of my hobbies . 
if possible , could you please let me know information about the way of getting there , e . g . airport information ? ? 
thank you very much . 
yours sincerely
dear kim
hello , kim ! it's been ages to write letters to you . how was your exam ? i believe it went well ! 
by the way , last month i was in that pop concert which you mentioned in your last letters . can you believe it ? actually , i helped to sell tickets at the reception . i've sold tickets before but not in that kind of big pop concert . before it was packed into by the audience , we had to clean around the reception , but totally it was really exciting although i was just a member of staff in the small reception , because i felt great excitement ( especially girls ! ) from people queueing . 
i liked that especially . i don't like to tidy up , you know ! ! i like to face people whom i don't even know . foremost , after finishing my work , i could meet singers by chance ! ! 
that night was brilliant and class ! 
i keep that in my mind , for ever ! 
anyway , hope to hear from you shortly . 
see you . 
love
from
dear helen ryan , 
i'm writing to you with regard to the letter i've just received as i wish to give you some further information about myself . 
i would rather travel in july because i'm not as busy as in june or august and because in my opinion during july there's excellent weather . 
regarding the accommodation , i would prefer a log cabin because in my opinion tents are very uncomfortable to sleep in and they aren't very cosy . 
regarding the activities , i've chosen swimming as i'm very keen on it and i'm fairly good at it , and i expect the water to be crystal clear . i've also chosen singing . i'm an awful singer , but i would like to learn . 
i would like to ask you for vegetarian food for me as i am a very strict vegan , and to suggest what kind of clothes to bring . 
i'm really looking forward to my stay at camp california and to your reply . 
yours sincerely , 
nuria
valverde . 
have you ever asked yourself which lessons or activities should be filmed in the school video ? well , i've just polled some students and here are their responses . 
70% of students think we should film the speech and drama lesson because it is one of the lessons they enjoy the most . 
the vast majority say maths and history should be filmed too , because they love these subjects and think they are very interesting and are also great fun . 
60% of students say breaks should be filmed too , because they want to show in the video that they can also have fun at school . 
most of them said science , english and literature shouldn't be filmed because they are not very interesting and are very boring . 
in my opinion i think basketball should be filmed too because it is one of the activities the students are very keen on doing and they usually enjoy it . 
but i don't think we should film breaks , because in my opinion everyone knows what breaks are like and what students do during them . 
in a nutshell i think maths , basketball , speech and drama , and history should be filmed . 
nuria valverde . 
dear madam , 
i have just received your letter and i am glad to be the winner . firstly , i would like to thank you warmly for this great prize . here is some of the information and details you requested:
concerning the dates of the stay , i will only be able to come during the first two weeks of july , because i am starting a new job on july 15th . 
since i have some serious back problems , i would prefer a cabin to sleep in to sleep in a cabin . 
regarding your activities , i have picked basketball , because i love it: i play in a local club and i have been playing for twelve years , so i guess i am a " good " player . i have also chosen photography from your list . that part of california must be beautiful and i would love to bring home some " well-taken " photos of the area . 
lastly i need to know if all meals are included in your package . 
i am looking forward to joining you at camp california . 
yours faithfully , 
zacharie gibson
we decided to make a short film about our school as it would be seen through the eyes of an imaginary student . it will be called " a day in the life of the mysterious student x . " it will be shot just as if the viewers were student x , not seeing him but being him . he will have breakfast , take a shower , get dressed , etc - so the viewers will will the viewers . 
student x will meet friends on his way to school and start talking with them . actually one of us will hold the camera while another will stand next to him , as the " voice " of x . 
at school we want to show " sights and sounds " from all the lessons ( about 5 minutes each ) . student x will answer questions , speak with his classmates , even cheat at an exam ! during the chemistry and biology classes , " we " will carry out experiments . of course we will also show other activities , such as pe , the lunch break and the theatre workshop . 
the main purpose is to show the " real " life of an unreal student . therefore we want this film to be informative and funny as well . 
we expect to show our finished product during the graduation party . 
dr mrs ryan , 
in reply to your letter , i would like to say that i was really pleased with the first prize . it was a real surprise for me . 
i would like to travel only in july , because i am going to study at my university until the end of june . i hope it will not be any problem for you . 
i am glad that all accommodation and travel costs have been paid . i would prefer to stay in a cabin , i think it is more comfortable . 
i see people who run the camp are very good at organizing the social life of their guests . i have a lot of possibilities for spending my spare time . the climbing and the painting are preferred by me the most . generally i paint some landscapes by using watercolours , but sometimes i try to paint like during the impressionist era by using blobs , oil paint and canvases . 
finally i would like to ask what kind of clothes i have to take with me and how much money i will need for the normal life at the camp . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you soon . 
yours sincerely
report on making an interesting video film
the aim of this report is to suggest which lessons and other activities should be shown in the video film about daily life at our school . 
in order to prepare it i visited some classrooms during the lessons and i interviewed a number of students from our school . 
some of the teachers are very good professionals . their lessons are valuable , rich in knowledge and funny . for example , the teacher of history and polish language is able to interest students in the subject in different ways . 
according to students' opinions , the most popular activities are basketball , tennis , swimming and also the photography group and the painting team . it is surprising that 45 per cent of the students questioned frequent one of these sports groups and 30 per cent of people go to the photography group . 
on the whole our school has a lot of different possibilities for the students that we can show in our film . it could make the video more interesting . i recommend showing our history teacher . it will show that during every day we have great fun and we received receive good , important knowledge . 
if we take under an attention these things our film is going to be very interesting
dear sir/madam , 
i have received your letter and i would like to reply to it . 
to begin with , i can join the camp only in july . my school starts a summer holiday from 1st july and i am going to take a summer course from august . therefore , i would like to travel in the middle of july . i also would prefer log cabins for accommodation . it seems more comfortable than tents . 
secondly , i would like to choose swimming and tennis as activities . i belonged to a swimming club and i got second prize in a competition last summer . i am good at tennis as well as swimming . 
finally , i would like to ask you about clothes and money . what sort of clothes should i pack ? according to your letter , all travel costs are included in your service , however , how much pocket money do i need ? 
i would be grateful if you would give me more information . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours faithfully , 
rie tanizaki
shopping is not always enjoyable . 
most people like shopping . it is one of the hobbies for women especially . basically , shopping is fun , but is it always enjoyable ? 
there are some advantages when people go shopping . they can relax , reduce their stress and they are happy when they find the thing which they wanted . moreover , if they buy some nice things at a sale , they must be very satisfied . 
however , shopping sometimes makes them stressful stressed . people often waste money on worthless things . then , they really regret it . on the other hand , after they buy something , they find a better one . in addition , a shop assistant gives them wrong advice . 
to sum up , there are many disadvantages as well as advantages . if people want to enjoy shopping , they must consider before buying something - do i really want it ? i also recommend window shopping . it is the best way to enjoy shopping . you do not have to waste money at all . 
dear sir or madam , 
i am writing to say how happy i am to be able to take part in " camp california in the usa " . i would like to inform you that i am able to go there only in july . i am finishing my studies in june , then i have a month off ( july ) and on august 1st i am starting a new job . 
i would prefer to stay in a tent during your camp . i have always dreamt about sleeping in a tent , in sleeping bags , but my parents always took me to expensive hotels , so it would be a nice adventure for me . 
during the camp i would like to practise my swimming ( i have attended swimming lessons for 3 years ) and also i would like to learn how to take some good photos . ( i have no experience ! ) 
i would be really glad if you could tell me something about clothes i should bring with me . ( do i need any special garments ? ) and could you tell me please , if i need some extra money to pay for anything like trips or photo-paper . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you
yours faithfully , 
shopping could be fun ! sometimes i like doing it during long sundays . i like going between colourful shelves and picking some nice things for dinner or for decorating our house with . i love talking with my mum during shopping , meeting new people or old friends . 
sometimes , unfortunately shopping can be very annoying , especially at christmas or easter time . then , all shops and supermarkets are crowded . people are trying to buy as many things as they can , and everyone wants to be first to the check-out - you have to wait ages to get there ! people are pushing each other , they are not as kind as usual . you have to be more careful and hold your bag tightly because this is a good period for all thieves ( they know they can steal something without having been seen ! ) at christmas or easter time all shops usually have an unpleasant smell ( because of the crowd ) and are very noisy ! 
another period when i don't like doing shopping is when there is a huge sale ! i always go absolutely crazy when i have to do shopping then ! you cannot breathe , you cannot see anything apart from a bulk of shouting women and men who want to get something cheaper ! 
next , another not very enjoyable thing about shopping is spending money ! when i go to the big supermarkets i always spend more than i was going to . you just cannot resist buying another bottle of body lotion or another box of soap because they smell so nice can you ? ! i always become very angry with myself afterwards , but i cannot help it . 
in my opinion , shopping could be really enjoyable ! the only advice would be: " do not do your shopping at christmas or easter time " - but it will not make any sense , will it ? so you just have to get used to it , and enjoy your shopping for the rest of the year ! 
dear helen ryan , 
thank you for the amazing information about the competition . i am really glad to be able to win the first prize and travel to the u . s . a . , which i used to dream of . 
now , i would like to reply to some questions you ask , willingly . firstly , i would like to travel only in july because i study at university at the moment . however , they will give me such a long holiday , enough to travel for two weeks in june . 
i would prefer staying in tents to log cabins , as i'd like to observe nature and stay outdoors as much time as i can . 
i'm very happy with the activities you organised . i am good at playing basketball , swimming , tennis , surfing , as they have been my hobbies for donkey's years . i would rather play golf and go sailing , than the others , so as to find new hobbies in my life . 
finally , what i would like to ask is what sort of clothes are suitable for travelling , and also , how much money should i prepare for the trip , approximately . 
i would be grateful if you could reply to my letter with some further information soon . 
yours faithfully 
takashi oshima . 
dear kim , 
how are you doing these days ? 
i'm fine as usual . 
anyway , i joined the team which helps at a pop concert last month , as you know . 
in my view , it was extremely interesting and satisfying for me all the concert long . 
talking of my work , i mostly had two prepare the concert stage with some fellows . if you chose the post , you would be exhausted thoroughly thoroughly exhausted at the end of the concert . however , there was a particular thing i really liked during the concert . as i could take a rest beside the concert stage while someone was singing a song , i saw a number of famous musicians nearby . 
although i cannot explain any more about the thing i felt during the concert in this letter , i'd like to recommend you to help at a pop concert . it must be a good experience and a special memory for you . 
see you and write to me soon . 
best wishes
13th june 2000
dear mrs ryan , 
i am pleased to have received your letter that informed me that i have won the first prize in your competition . 
i am very happy to spend two weeks at camp california , because i have never been to the u . s . a . i would prefer to travel only in july , because i don't have to work and because i would prefer to have accommodation stay in a tent and so i think that july is the best time to spend two weeks in a tent . i have just been staying in a tent and i think it is always a beautiful and interesting adventure . 
during the holiday i would do surfing and photography . i like very much to be alone with nature and when i was a girl , i went on a surfing course for five years and i won a lot of prizes . i also like photography because they can be memories in my future . 
i would like to receive further information about what kind of clothes i should wear during my holiday and i would like to know if i should bring with me a lot of money . 
looking forward to spending my holiday in the usa , i wait for your letter . 
yours sincerely 
guillelmina farina . 
dear kim , 
i am afraid that i couldn't write to you immediately , but last month i enjoyed helping at a pop concert and so i was very busy . 
even if the job was very hard , it was an amusing experience . i woke up at six a . m . and i worked until nine p . m . but it wasn't a problem for me , because i like spending my time with other people . 
i particularly liked to meet meeting people from different countries and some pop-stars , who were friendly towards us . i was surprised at the co-operation that there was during the job , because it was like a big family , where each member helps the others . 
there was a lot of work to do but we were happy to do it with happy people and at the end we had the opportunity to take part in the pop concert . it was wonderful ! 
looking forward to seeing you as soon as possible . i greet you . 
best wishes
guillelmina
dear mrs helen ryan
yesterday , i received your letter . it made me happy and i would like to thank you for the opportunity you are offering me . 
first of all i would like to travel in july . i think that this is the ideal month for a trip to california . during this period the days are sunny and the weather won't prevent me from doing a lot of activities . regarding the accommodation i would prefer to stay in a cabin . i think that the cabins are safer than the tents and they can protect you better in case the weather changes . the two activities i have chosen are swimming and climbing . i selected swimming because this is one of my hobbies and i'm good enough at this activity . in addition i would like to swim in a sea like california's because it is clean and beautiful . i chose climbing because i'm interested in this sport even though i'm not experienced . i like it because it offers you a lot of adventure and action . 
as a conclusion i would like to ask you about the money and the clothes i must take with me . please drop me a line
yours sincerely 
dear kim
yesterday i received your letter and it made me happy that you and your family are healthy . 
as you asked me i will write to you about the experience i had helping at the pop concert . all the children helped as much as they could and that's why the result was beautiful . before the concert i helped with carrying and putting in order some chairs on which would sit some special people some special people would sit . it was very hard and at the end i was very tired . at the concert , what i had to do was to give out refreshments and drinking drinks to the audience . i also helped to clear up the place after the concert . 
it was really a very beautiful experience . it offered me more pocket money and besides this i had the chance to make a lot of friends because there were many children who wanted to help too . in addition i had the opportunity to talk to the singers and get a lot of autographs by them . i will never forget these days and definitely i i definitely will take part in activities like this in the future . 
yours sincerely alexander 
dear ryan , 
i have received your letter and i am so happy because i have won the holiday in california . it will be a pleasure for me to give you the information that you need . 
first of all i would like to travel in july because i am going to ibiza with my parents in june and in august i start to work part-time , so i am afraid that i can go only in july . 
with reference to the accommodation , i would prefer a log cabin to a tent . i think log cabins are more comfortable and i have never slept in a tent . 
i am very good at playing basketball . when i was a child i used to play daily with my classmates and now i play at least every weekend . i have taken a photography course and i enjoy taking photos of animals . 
i would like to know how much money i need and what type of clothes i should take ? could you tell me about the weather , please ? 
i look forward to hearing from you soon . 
yours sincerely
dear kim , 
i hope you are very well . i am writing about my exciting experience at a pop concert . 
first of all , i was too busy but it did not matter because i enjoyed a lot this experience this experience a lot . i was doing different activities , from designing fliers to selling tickets . 
i had to search the internet for pictures that could be used for the flier . we booked the accommodation for the group . i was responsible for checking the light and sound . in addition i checked the e-mail daily and answered the phone . as you know , i sold tickets in some schools and pubs , too . 
anyway , it has been one of the most wonderful experiences of my life , but the day of the concert was really amazing . i think this was the best of all . i feel really happy that i participated in this event . 
if you have the opportunity of getting involved in something like this do not hesitate . 
yours sincerely
dear mr. ryan , 
it was a wonderful surprise when i received your letter . thank you very much for this great opportunity . now , i am writing this letter to reply to your questions . 
firstly , i would like to inform you that i will be able to travel only in july , which is the only month i can take holiday from my work . 
secondly , for accommodation , i prefer to say in log cabins , as i have no experience staying in a tent , i hesitate to try . 
regarding the activities , i would rather choose singing and painting , as unfortunately , i am not good at sports . however , i enjoy singing . i used to belong to the singing club when i was a high school student and once we won the contest , moreover , painting is one of my favourite hobbies . 
i normally take brushes , paints and paper instead of a camera when i travel . 
finally , i would like to ask you whether there is anything i should bring on this trip such as specific clothes , extra money etc . 
i look forward to receiving your reply . 
yours faithfully 
dear kim , 
thanks for your letter . yes ! it was a privilege to help at a pop concert . i really wished you were there with me . believe it or not , it was a concert of " the rolling stones " ! i did various things for them . 
at first , i helped stage setting , as you know they use lots of unique tricks in their concert . so it was very interesting to know how they are made . 
then , i helped tuning the instruments for the back band . actually , as i know nothing about instruments , the only thing i could do was just turn the volume up and down following the musician's instruction . 
my dear friend , if i tell you this , i am sure you will get jealous . this was the best experience . i could give the members " shiatsu massage " just before the concert to make them relax ! ! can you imagine how much i appreciated that i am qualified in massage ? 
well , kim , i have to go now . hope to hear from you soon . 
love , 
june . 13 . 2000
competition organization . 
dear sir or madam , 
i'd appreciate for giving me the first prize in the competition . it's my pleasure to give you some information and i'd like to ask you about the camp california . 
first of all , i'd like to travel only in july because i'm supposed to be a volunteer at the music festival , held in august . 
additionally , i'd rather stay in tents as i've never slept in tents before . therefore it'll be a great experience for me . 
i'd like to choose swimming and photography as activities . i go swimming three times a week so i have no problem with swimming . i'm also a member of the photography club at my university and really keen on taking a picture of nature . 
by the way , i'm wondering what kinds of clothes i should pack and how much much i should bring with me . i'll look forward to hearing answers from you . 
yours faithfully , 
yeun-ja . hong
the suggestion about making a short video . 
introduction
the aim of this report is to summarize the results of the survey , which is about making a short video . 
the survey was carried out to 300 students , who are between 18-28 , at our school . 
preferred lessons . 
70% of students said that the acting lesson should be filmed as the students attending this lesson , are not only excited but also very active . additionally , 15% of students answered that they want the presentation lesson to be filmed . the reason why they choose this lesson is that every student in their turn at presentation does his or her best . 
preferred activities . 
the soccer game , played every monday , was ranked as the most favourite popular activity by 45% of students . they said the soccer game enables them to get together and have fun . however , the girls would rather play table tennis or badminton . hicking activity was chosen by 20% of students , followed by the soccer . 
conclusion . 
to sum up , according to the survey , it's obvious that more than half of the students want the acting lesson to be filmed . moreover , it seems that the students prefer the soccer game to be filmed . 
dear mrs . helen ryan , 
it was so great to hear that i had won first prize . it would be meaningful in my life to take part in your camp . i am writing to reply to your questions . 
i am wondering that i will only be able to travel in july , because i have to finish my first year at the university . it finishes 29th of june . in addition to this , i have already resistered on another course which starts from 2nd of august . 
secondly , i would prefer to live to stay in tents , i have always admired outdoor life . finally , i would like to do surfing and golf . in the case of surfing , i have never had any experience , i am an absolute beginner . on the other hand , i used to play golf with my father . when i was 14 , i won a competition . 
i would like to ask about camp california . let me know which kind of clothes i have to take and how much money i need . it would be very helpful . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely
hi . how are you ? i am fine . thanks for your letter . i want to let you know about my experience as you wanted . 
well , last month , i worked at a pop concert . it was fantastic because i could see madonna . my main job was to tidy up her dressing room . can you imagine ? you are working with your ideal woman , i still can't believe that i spoke with her . 
anyway , the most important thing was that i had a good experience . if we had worked together we would have had a good time . it's a pity , isn't it ? now , i know how difficult it is to sing in front of an audience and behind the stage there are a lot of people who help the performance . 
next time , i hope that we'll work together . let's find some information to get a job . shall we ? 
i have to go now . i am fed up with studying , but i have to . i hope that you'll be alright . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
with lots of love , 
i'm so happy that i've won 2 weeks at camp california in the u . s . a . at first i couldn't believe that i was a winner 
i would like to travel to the camp in july , if possible . this is just one month which i have free . 
i'm a student . my school starts in september and it finishes in june . july is the month when i'm having a rest and i'm doing nothing . in august i'm working in a shop which is my sister's . if i could go in july that would be grate . 
i can sleep in a tent , it would remind me of a good time which i had with my friends a few years ago . i'm not scared of darkness , rain , cold or hot weather . i'm sure it would be good fun; sleeping next to each other telling scary stories . it is good for making friends , you can know them better doing everything together . 
also i know that i have the chance to do two activities while i'm at the camp . i would like to choose basketball . this is a sport which i , , love " . i have been playing basketball since i was 12 . some of my friends say that i'm a very good player , but i don't think so . 
another sport which i'd like to do is swimming . at swimming i'm not as good i'm not as good at swimming as i am at basketball , but i'd like to practise more and maybe learn something new about it . 
i would like to ask you , what sort of clothes should i take with me ? i don't want to take too much; jeans , jumper , swimming costume , t-shirt , sports shoes i think should be o . k . 
now , i can hardly wait for july
hi kim ! 
how are you ? i'm fine . i'm so excited . last month i was helping at a pop concert with a few friends of mine . it was a tina turner concert ! at this moment when i think of it i want to shout . 
at first i was helping to sell the tickets - it wasn't difficult . anyway , four hours before the concert had started , i was helping with the lights . we had to check every plug , switch , light . i couldn't believe how big a lamp can be . that's why singers are hot . when the concert had started and tina came out i forget about lights , i was just looking at her . fortunately fortunately nothing had happened . everything was o . k
after the concert we were invited backstage . then i could see her very , very clearly . 
only people who were helping and organizing this concert could meet her . some of them were speaking with her , i wasn't this lucky person , but still i'm happy , that i could be there . 
dear madam
i am writing to provide the information that you need from me . 
first i would like to thank you for organising this competition and i would also like to thank you for the prize . 
answering your questions , i would like to travel only in july because this is the month of my vacation . in july i will be free to travel anywhere i please . 
according to your letter , i have two options regarding accommodation , either in tents or log cabins . i would prefer a tent because i think that is something more exciting and new for me . i have never stayed in a tent in the middle of nowhere in my life so i would prefer something more realistic and new . log cabins may be more comfortable . on the other hand i think that i will be able to " survive " in a tent . looking at your letter , i can see many options for activities and i realize that i like most of them . i think i would prefer climbing and painting . the reason for choosing these two activities is that they contrast with themselves each other . i want one that is more exciting and that asks for more agility and another that is calmer and relaxing , that asks only for my ability to paint . climbing is something new for me and i am not so good at it , however , i hope that i can learn about it at the camp . painting is something that i love and i am very good at it . 
i have some worries about my prize and travel . is there any possibility that you could send me a list of equipment and clothes that i have to take ? 
is everything on the trip already paid for , including food and meals , or do i have to bring some money ? 
do i have to bring something special for the tent and camping ? 
please answer my letter as soon as possible . 
yours faithfully , 
gustav soares . 
dear kim , 
how are you ? is everything good in the usa ? 
i'm writing to you because i had a wonderful experience last month . 
there was a concert with a famous band here in my city . i wish you had been here with me . so , i went with my friend to the concert with a lot of fans . we bought tickets to the show and also to the fans' bus . yes , there is a bus that takes you to the concert and brings you back . 
the concert was going to start at 22:00 and the bus arrived at my house at 18:00 . when we got inside it , we saw a lot of fans wearing t-shirts , caps and shouting , " almendegos , almendegos . . . " ( that is the name of the band ) . 
at 20:00 , we stopped at a coffee house to eat . they shouted: " 20:30 you all have to be back because the bus will leave . " 
we sat and started to eat and talk . suddenly a man came and started to tell us his adventures . they were very interesting and we liked him very much . after a few minutes ( i thought they were a few ) i realized that the coffee house was empty . i looked at my watch: 20:45 . the bus had left about fifteen minutes before . the man offered us a ride . we accepted . you cannot imagine how disappointed i was with myself . 
when we arrived the concert had already begun . when we were running to enter a man called us . he was helping to put the equipment of the concert concert equipment ( microphone . . . ) on the stage . he asked if we could help . we answered: " yes ! " 
we started to put everything on the stage and after this we realized that the band was coming onto the stage near us . 
by my side the vocalist of the almendegos was the vocalist of the almendegos was by my side and he touched my arm . i will never wash my arm again . after all of this we saw the show from the best place , near the stage and afterwards , the thing that i most liked , we were invited to see the group and got their signatures . 
that was the best night of my life . 
i hope that you liked my experience . 
kisses , 
gustav . 
dear mr. ryan , 
i received your letter and i am very glad i have won a two-week trip to camp california . i will give you some information which will help you to know me better . 
i would like to travel to the camp in july because this is the best time for me and i hope for you . i will be very busy in june so let me tell you some details about my trip . regarding accommodation , i think tents would be great . 
basketball and swimming i think are the best for the children . basketball will help the children to build team spirit and leadership skills . and swimming is very good for their health . i swim really well and i am a professional basketball player . i count on my experience . 
and there are a few questions i would like to ask . first , what clothes should i take with me ? secondly , how much money and should i pay by cash or by travel cards ? thanks ! 
i am looking forward to our meeting . 
yours sincerely , 
vasiliy alekseyev . 
dear kim , 
last month i enjoyed helping at the concert of " modern talking'' and now i want to share with you my experience . 
it all started when one of the organizers asked me to help him at a concert of my favourite band . and what do you think i answered ? of course , yes ! 
i had taken on very demanding work . i had to bring food for peter bolen and tomas anders . can you imagine ? i went into their room and gave hot cheeseburgers , coca-cola and ice-cream to peter . it was the happiest moment of my life . he asked me whether the cheeseburger was hot and i answered that it was . i was very nervous talking with him . he told me about a concert programme and gave me his photo with an autograph . 
i will never forget that summer day . it was my day , i am sure about it . 
well , i think that is all . see you . 
yours sincerely all the best , 
vasiliy . 
dear ms helen ryan , 
i have just received a letter from you and i am really happy to hear the news that i have won first prize in the competition . i would like to tell you something about what you asked me in the letter . 
firstly , i can only travel in july because i have no time except in july as i am a postgraduate student . i would very much like to stay in a log cabin . i think it is a wonderful idea to stay in a tent only for a few days but not over 3 days . it will be more comfortable to stay in a log cabin . 
regarding two activities , i will choose swimming and photography . i am not good at swimming but i would very much like to learn how to swim this year . on the other hand , i am very good at photography as i was a photographer in a club while i was in college . 
lastly i would particularly like to know about clothes and money . isn't it cold at night in the camp california ? i like ice cream , sweets and beverages very much , especially in the summer . are these expensive ? could you please tell me about these ? i am looking forward to your reply . 
yours sincerely , 
shin parade
do you think shopping is always enjoyable ? well , it might be true but i think it depends on the situation . 
when you go shopping , you can see various products and even very extraordinary things . you can also see more graceful and fine things . you usually visit many shops and compare the quality and the price and select the best one which suits you . 
on the other hand , it usually takes a lot of time to get exactly what you want , because you have to visit many shops and see many things . if the shopping mall is not collected , it is physically hard to get what you want . it's not easy to shop with someone who is not interested in shopping . 
in conclusion , shopping is not always enjoyable as many people think . it depends on the situation . it even varies depending on the people whom you shop with . 
dear ms ryan , 
i am writing to you regarding the letter you sent me about the two weeks at camp california that i won . 
firstly , i would like to travel in july because i have 2 weeks off at the beginning of the month . 
for the accommodation , i would prefer a tent because i like adventure and simplicity . 
concerning the available activities , firstly , i would choose climbing because i have done it for many years . secondly , i am interested in trying something that i have never done , so i would like to do sailing . 
finally , i was wondering if any special clothes are required and how much pocket money i need for this trip ? 
i thank you in advance and look forward to your reply . 
yours sincerely
dear kim , 
i'm writing to you to tell you about my experience helping at a pop concert last month . 
first of all , i would like to tell you that i've never had such a good time in my life ! 
the first day consisted in surrounding the site with fences . 
the second day's objective was to install the stage lights , loudspeakers and all the other stuff . this job was quite hard , but we took our time to be not exhausted ! 
the last day , which was day of the concert , was absolutely fantastic . the audience was so excited to see the concert that we had to place some bouncers in front of the stage to stop people coming on the concert floor . finally , the concert was exactly what the people were expecting . 
i hope that the next time you will come with me ! 
i'm looking forward to hearing what you think about this ! 
see you soon . 
dear mrs . ryan
thank you for your letter , which i have just received this morning . i am really pleased to hear that i have won first prize in the competition - two weeks at camp california in the u . s . a . i am writing this letter to give you more information about myself . 
i would like to travel only in july because i will have a summer holiday for 2 months at that time . i would prefer to stay at camp california in tents because it would be nice to spend the time living in tents with a nice environment and fresh air . also i would like to do two activities while i am at the camp , which are swimming and photography . photography is quite interesting for me ; i like to take photographs in a place where i have never been to before . swimming is quite a nice way to relax and work out . it is really enjoyable to keep my body fit and healthy by swimming . 
anyway , i would like to know how many people are going to this camp . could you please tell me about the clothes i should take ? 
i am looking forward to hearing from you as soon as possible . 
yours sincerely
boonsri thanasukolwit . 
dear kim
thanks for your last letter . i'm really sorry it's taken me so long to reply . how are you doing ? i hope that you can get on well with your roommate . 
anyway , i enjoyed helping at a pop concert last month . i and my friend emma helped to paint the scenery on the stage . as you know , i like drawing and painting when i have some free time so that is why i chose to paint the scenery . i really enjoyed painting it and it looked very nice . and i particularly liked the experience of helping to screen and paint a picture of " bon jovi " on every t-shirt which was given to the audience . i felt that it was a great time in my life . 
however , i told my teacher that i am willing to lend a hand next time . are you willing to lend a hand next time ? if you are , i'll tell you about it in advance . i must stop writing now as i have a lot of homework to do . 
best wishes
dear ms ryan , 
thank you for your letter . i was pleasantly surprised that i have won the first prize in your competition . 
firstly , i would like to answer your questions . as i am doing my a-level exams at the moment and they continue until the 30th of june and my further studies start in august , i can only travel in july . i would prefer to stay in a tent . it will give me a feeling of adventure and i have always preferred tents to log cabins . i enjoy basketball very much and i am quite good at it . i would like to play this game at your camp . i have never tried climbing , but i have always wanted to do it one day . would it be possible to do this activity at your camp as a beginner ? 
secondly , i would like to ask you for some information . would you be kind enough to tell me what kind of clothes i should bring with me ? could you possibly tell me how much money i might spend at california camp ? would you recommend me bringing some equipment , like a rope , sticks , with me ? 
thank you in advance for your help . i look forward to receiving your prompt reply . 
yours sincerely , 
dear kim , 
hi , how are you ? i'm actually fine at the moment , but have to study a lot because of my exams in english . 
you asked me to write about the experience which i had helping at the pop-concert . and i can say it was terrific ! my job was actually to listen to tim and do whatever he said . this included cleaning up the rooms which were used by the singers and putting some equipment on the stage . tim was in charge of organising this concert . i had never been behind the stage before and you know the rooms , in which singers dress and apply make-up , are actually small . can you imagine , i could be at this concert without paying anything ! and i managed to speak to ricky martin backstage . o . k . , i actually asked him only: 'how are you ? ' and he gave me his autograph . he was fantastic . you know that he is my favourite singer . i think this was my best job as a student in cambridge . probably it wasn't so nice to do jobs which you were told to do , but you saw many stars backstage . and you had a chance to speak to some pop-stars . beside this , i earned some money - not a lot but enough for me . 
well i'll have to close now . give my regards to your parents . looking forward to hearing from you soon . 
with love , 
dear mrs ryan , 
i have just received your letter and i am writing to answer your questions . 
i can travel only in july because it is the only month this year that i will be available , because i finish school in june , so i will be very busy then , and in august i start to study at university , so july is the best month for me to travel . 
accommodation for me is not a problem . i am very easy going and i will be satisfied wherever i am . but if i have to choose , i prefer to sleep in tents , because when i travel i usually sleep in that kind of accommodation so , for me they seem very comfortable . 
i would like to do the following activities:
- tennis because it is my favourite sport and i enjoy playing it . 
i have played tennis since i was a child and i have won some competitions in my town so i think i play very well . 
- climbing because i have never climbed in my life and it is a dream for me to do that . 
i am a terrible climber but with a little bit of help i think i can enjoy the activity and have a good time that will be unforgettable . 
i want to know what kind of clothes i have to wear because i don't know how the weather is in the u . s . a . also i would like to know how much money i have to bring on the trip . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you as soon as possible . 
yours sincerely
hello kim:
thank you for your letter . it was great to hear from you . 
sorry , but i haven't written to you because i've been very busy . 
last month i helped at a pop concert . it was marvellous . i have a friend and she knows that i speak english , so she offered me work with an english singer and i said , " yes , of course " . but you can't imagine who the singer was . it was sting . can you imagine ? you know , he is my favourite singer . 
my job was very easy . i had to help sting with everything , for example , if he wanted water , i had to give him water . it was marvellous . he was very kind to me . we talked about many things and after the concert he invited all the team to have dinner . yes , i know what you're thinking , " dinner and sting " . yes , my friend , it was the best thing to happen to me in my life . i understood everything he said and sting said to me that i spoke english very well . the best thing was i spoke in english because i was forgetting it and i met my favourite singer . 
i hope my friend calls me again to work for him because i had a wonderful time and it was a great and unforgettable experience . 
i hope you are o . k . and write soon . 
lots of love
p . d . i have sent you an autograph that sting wrote for you . 
dear helen ryan , 
i was really glad to receive your letter and find out that i won the competition . i am writing this letter to give you all the necessary details . 
first of all , you have asked me when i would like to travel . actually , i could only travel in july , when i have my school vacation and i will be totally free . 
as you have asked me about the accommodation , i would be grateful if i could stay in a tent - as it seems to be more practical and comfortable . 
from the activities , i would choose painting - which i am keen on and i have done several courses - and photography - about which i know just the basic skills . 
i would like to know if i should take any winter clothes , and i would be grateful if you could tell me how much money is necessary for the trip . 
thank you for your attention . i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely
natalia lopes
shopping is not always enjoyable
with the increase in violence , more and more people are leaving the streets to spend their free time shopping - usually in shopping centres . 
in fact , shopping may be very enjoyable , as people get in contact with new products , take a look at shops , buy somethings something or just walk around . but it can also be dangerous . 
first , most parts areas in shopping centres use artificial illumination and refrigeration air conditioning , which are bad for our health . queues and lots of people going round can be stressful and tiring . 
besides , it was confirmed by scientists that consumerism may develop into a compulsion . there are cases of people that cannot spend one day without buying anything . 
after all that , we can notice that shopping can be a good option as long as we can choose other enjoyable activities for our free time . 
dear mrs ryan
it was a great pleasure to hear from you that i have won first prize in your competition . 
i am very glad that all accommodation and travel costs are paid , but still i would like to know how much money i have to take with me . i would be glad to travel only in july for family reasons . another point is accommodation . i would be more than happy if you could provide me with a tent . the reasons are the following : a tent promotes a better relationship with nature , and is a great opportunity to improve my health . 
also i would like to tell you which activities i would like to choose and why . i like swimming and photography because it will be very interesting to improve my skills at both activities . 
the last thing i would like to know is what clothes i have to take , even though the weather in july will be good . 
yours sincerely . 
shopping is not always enjoyable . 
almost all of us like shopping ! going in and out of the shops , buying clothes , food and presents , but few of us are very happy to spend money . 
money is a very important thing for shopping . if you have money , it is not a problem , but if you don't ? so , let's imagine that your credit card is not working , or some one stole your cash from your pocket . we will say you're unlucky , but no one will help you in that situation . also it is very difficult to shop if you are handicapped . 
staying in a queue or crowd is also unpleasant . all the people are shouting , stepping on your feet and it is very likely that you won't get the product you need . 
afterwards you are tired and have no energy to do things . 
after all the things that i have mentioned it is clear that shopping is not enjoyable . 
dear miss ryan , 
i have received the letter you have sent me . i am writing to let you know my answers to the questions you asked me in the letter . 
first , i would like to travel in july , because i am a university student and i have only one month of summer vacation , that is in july . i appreciate would appreciate it if it was the first two weeks of the month . next , i would prefer to stay in a log cabin , because i need to have a time to relax when i travel . therefore , i would prefer a log cabin . 
for activities , my first choice is basketball . i have been playing it since i was nine years old . in high school , i was in a school team and i enjoyed playing it with my team mate , even though we were not a strong team . my second choice is golf . i had never played it until last month . however , i could enjoy it , even though i was a beginner , so i would like to practise and have fun at the camp . 
lastly , i would like to know whether i should bring some money and what kind of clothes i should bring . 
thank you for giving me this great opportunity . i will be expecting to hear from you . 
yours faithfully , 
hideo kojima
dear kim , 
i got your letter yesterday . i enjoyed reading how you spent time with your family and had fun at the park . thank you . 
as i have told you , i had a chance to help at a concert of majesty , a local band in which one of my friends played guitar . he knew that i'd wanted to work at a concert hall , possibly as a lighting technician . so he suggested me to help at their concert so that i could know behind the scenes . 
when i arrived there , the staff were already busy . at first i just helped setting up the stage; setting microphones , and tuning guitars . when i was doing it , one of the staff called me and took me to a room . he explained to me that it was to control the light . it was fun practising how to move the lights and change the lights . however , when it came to the real concert , it was very hard . 
when the concert was finished , i was exhausted but happy . 
i'll write you back . 
friend , 
thank you for your answer . i'm happy i can join you at camp california in the u . s . a . 
i'm sorry to say that i can attend your camp only in july because i just started my new job and i have one month of holiday , which is in july . 
you wrote to me that i can choose my accommodation . i would prefer to stay in log cabins because i have a problem with my back . it is the reason that i can't lie on the ground . beside that , i'm allergic , and that cause causes me problems when i'm close to nature . 
you wrote to me that i have a chance to do two activities , which i can choose . i'm quite good at painting and i play tennis . i'll be very happy if you can give me a chance to use the camp's art studio and you'll be able to prepare some painting's painting materials like oil paints , canvas and brushes for me . the size of the canvas isn't so important . 
i have my own sports equipment to play tennis . i hope i'll have a possibility to improve my ability in it . i'm champion of my town , so i think i can find a suitable person who can play with me . 
could you write to me , because i don't know how much money i need and what type of weather you have at this time of the year . 
yours sincerely 
dear kim ! 
last month we had the pop concert of our favourite polish group " the cult " in warshaw . i had the chance to help at the concert . you can't imagine how happy i was . i got money for that job and i enjoyed the work a lot . you know i'm good at make-up and i have done scenography many times . they were pleased that i can do two of these jobs , that's why i got the job . i was working like crazy but i enjoyed it a lot . i didn't sleep two nights because i was preparing the stage where they gave the concert . 
could you imagine that they asked me to make the summer scenography . i heard , the atmosphere of their concerts is very hot but i didn't know they like to create this even by scenography . 
could you believe that two nights i was cutting paper flowers , grass , the sun and thousands of birds . i didn't have many people who were helping me , that's why i was working 48 hours without stopping . 
i think the result of that action was marvellous . everybody was very surprise surprised that you can create such amazing things , using scissors and paper . i liked the mountains which i made a lot . from a distance they looked very real . i just rulled paper and i painted a little white colours on the top . in front of the stage i put the grass and a lot of flowers . the light on the stage was very bright and very warm which made the scenery very pleasant . 
after that i prepared the group . i did their make-up for them . i was very happy because during this time i had a chance to talk to them and to find out more about them . they are very nice people . even audrey who seems very stupid . she is very intelligent . i really don't know why she behaves so badly during her interview . i got their address so we can visit them one day . 
i told them about you and they said we are very welcome any time . i told them you are full of life and they are your favourite polish group . they would like to know you a lot . we'll speak about it when i come to see you . 
i hope to see you soon . 
a lot of kisses . 
dear helen ryan , 
i am writing with reference to your letter , which i have just received . i am very happy to hear that i have won the first prize in your competition . 
i am really excited to travel to camp california in the usa because i like to get to know people from other countries . 
as i only have holidays in july i would like to travel in this month . 
i would prefer to stay in a log cabin because i like to be comfortable and i don't like to be lain lie down on the floor inside a tent . 
i would like to play basketball because i love this game . i used to play when i was at high school . i think that i am a very competitive player , as well as a good technical player . also i would like to do swimming . i think that i am a very fast swimmer but i don't have good style or technique . 
i would be grateful if you could send me more information about what clothes and money i must take . 
i look forward to hearing from you as soon as possible . 
yours sincerely , 
rael medinah
dear kim , 
i have been helping to organise a pop concert in dublin . as you know i love irish music so i was very happy when the organisers of the concert phoned me to help them . 
the organisers paid for my accommodation and flight to ireland . 
i arrived in ireland on 2nd july . on my first day i didn't work . on the next day i helped them to build the scenery and i had enough time to visit a museum in dublin in the evening . on my third day i helped them to install the sound system . while we were installing the sound system we listened to irish music and suddenly we saw u2 , which is my favourite group , going inside the stadium and they played music for us . 
i could speak to my favourite singer 'bono' . i could meet him and i helped him to repair his guitar because it didn't sound very good . 
for the remaining days i wasn't doing anything special , i just helped to organise the rehearsals of the different groups who were going to play in the concert . 
best wishes , 
dear sirs:
i would like to travel in july , before is not possible for me , i'll have to finish my exams . the last of them will be on the 30th of juny . 
about my accommodation , i prefer tents . i like them . every year i go 15 days out with my tent and some friends . i like to sleep outside on the grass . the weather won't be cold , will it ? 
i'd like to play golf and tennis . i practise play have played both since i was young , and i like them , but i don't have enough time to play , and my level isn't as good as i'd like . 
in order to know what sort of clothes i have to take , please can you tell me about the normal weather for this period ? i'm not used to high temperatures . i don't like the hot weather so much . 
how expensive living is is living there ? i have a master card ; is it possible to use it in your country or is it better to take american express or visa ? i am waiting for your answer
yours faithfully 
one of the most important thing things we have to film is our bicycle classes . our school is now the best in the country in all ages . we are prest with this . we can show what we do in order to be the best . if it should be is possible we can conduct an interview with the last winner . 
would it would be good to show the swimming pool , the gym , etc . 
and on the other hand we also have a very important museum , and a very beautiful building in the school grounds , bowls them ! ! 
we can also show one of the youngest classes and at the end one of the oldest , this way . this way , the people who see the video will see the progress of our students . 
at the end of the video we can show in front of the main building all the students and all the teachers all the students and all the teachers in front of the main building like an old photo . 
dear miss ryan , 
i am very glad to have received your letter , and very happy to have won first prize in your competition . i am writing to answer your question and ask for further information . 
first of all , i am a high school student , so i only have four weeks' vacation in july . i would like to travel in july . secondly , for me , the best way to live in the outdoors is in tents , because that is a good chance to acquire a lot of knowledge about the planets and the animals as well . 
moreover , i am good at playing basketball . in fact , i am the captain in the basketball team , which is one of the best teenage teams in my city , and i also like singing . i play piano very well . two of my friends and i have a band . we sometimes perform in my school club . 
could you tell me something about the clothes and money which i need to take with me . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely
suitable lessons and activities
to: mrs oliviar
from: hua tang
date: 13th june
introduction: the aim of this report is to summarize the right lessons and activities to be filmed . 
lessons: 1 music
music is a traditional subject in our school . everyone in our school can play at least one instrument , so music lessons should be filmed to show music is part of our school's daily lifestyle life . 
2 . maths
according to a survey which has been conducted by other students , every student in our school has one maths class every day . so , maths lessons should be filmed . 
activities . basketball
our school basketball team is one of the best teenage teams in our city , and every afternoon students are all playing basketball in the playground . so , basketball should be filmed . 
conclusion 
to sum up , the daily life in our school should film music class , maths class and students playing basketball . 
dear ms ryan
i am writing to find out further information and give you some details about myself and the trip that i have won in your competition . 
first of all , i would like to inform you that i am able to travel only in july because i am a student and in june , i will still have school . also , in august i will be studying a summer course in english . 
in addition , i would prefer to stay in a tent because i would like to stay somewhere which differs from my home and everyday comforts , during these two weeks . 
however , in your letter you mentioned some activities . i would choose basketball and tennis . i have been playing basketball in a team in my town for ten years . also tennis is my favourite hobby and i play twice a week with my friends . 
finally , i would be grateful to you if you would tell me about clothes and money . will we need any special clothes and how much would you suggest i carry bring for these two weeks ? 
i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely 
dear kim
how are you ? i am very well . i'm writing to tell you about my experience with the pop concert last month . 
first of all , i think that i helped them . every day of that month i was trying to advertise this concert . i was going to markets and to schools and i was giving out information about when and where the group was going to appear as well as where could people people could buy or book a ticket for this concert . i know it was difficult and tiring but i enjoyed it a lot . firstly , it was a good break from the usual routine because i was doing it for the first time . also , i felt wonderful when i saw that the concert was a success and every day it was crowded because i believed that this was a result which came about with my help . i would like to do it again in the future . it was a fantastic experience . 
i'm looking forward to hearing from you . 
best wishes
dear mrs ryan , 
thank you for your letter and congratulations ! i have always been interested in visiting other countries . in fact i didn't want to ask my parents for money , and going on holiday with you is an ideal solution . 
i will be having my exams during this month , so i can't travel before july . also i'm going to meet a director of smith'th travel agency for an interview concerning possible work with english-speaking tourists . as you can see , i will be available only in july . 
as regards accommodation , i would like to stay in tents , because i used to go on holiday with my friends and stay in tents . it is just wonderful . 
in my spare time i like to play basketball for a local team of which i have recently been made captain . i would now like to learn how to play tennis and golf , if it is possible . 
could you please let me know what kind of weather there will be in july , what sorts of clothing i'd better take with me . is there an extra charge for some trips , which might put them beyond my means ? 
i look forward to hearing from you soon . 
yours faithfully , 
raisa sharapova
to: dinara safina
from: raisa
re: daily life at our school . 
as requested , i have collected some information about the school . below is a summary of the most important relevant points with some recommendations . 
1 . the fully equipped computer centre in the main building is extremely good . lessons are very interesting and full of fun . our teacher is friendly and he encourages us to study well . however , there are not enough computers and sometimes we have to study in pairs . i suggest increasing the number of them , because it will be more exciting to film . 
2 . the school arranges an amazing range of activities , such as excursions , sports and different kinds of trips . although there is plenty for us to do during the day , the funniest events happen while we are playing basketball and football . i must say , i think this is the best time for making a short video . 
conclusion . 
our school is an ideal place for making a short video . there are many interesting lessons and other activities . i do recommend , however , making a short video about
a ) lessons in the computer centre
b ) basketball and football games . 
dear helen ryan , 
i have just received your letter where you inform me i have won the first prize in the competition and now i'd like to express my opinion about the questions you have written in it . 
first of all , i would like to travel only in the month of july , because during the month of june i'm going to work and in september i have to study a lot , because school will start . regarding accommodation , between tents and log cabins , i would prefer a tent , because i love adventure and also because i can be freer . 
i know i will have the chance to do two activities , so i have chosen two from your list: basketball , because i have been playing it since i was eight and i have been part of a strong team for three years . 
the other one i have chosen is swimming; for the same reason why i chose basketball . but , what about clothes , money , food ? 
i hope you will take my answers into consideration . thank you for now . 
yours faithfully sincerely 
simone pausini
many people " see " shopping as an amusement , but i think it's not always a good translation to give it . in my opinion shopping is often fun , above all when you can enter without difficulties a shop a shop without difficulties . for example , if the shop is full of people , it is not enjoyable , because they will create too much confusion , too much noise with the risk of wasting time . shopping is a fun thing to do , not when you are in a hurry , but when you have some free time and when you can relax . another thing that regards occurs to me , is that i enjoy myself more when i know i have to go shopping for myself than when it's for my parents or for somebody else ! ! ! 
dear ms ryan , 
i was so surprised and delighted as well to receive from you such wonderful news ! thank god , you made me really happy . 
from your letter i was pleased to learn that all accommodation and travel costs are paid for . but could you , please , let me have more details about my prize . what kind of people will be invited to your camp this summer ? i would like to know with whom i'll share such wonderful days with the sports activities . 
about sport . . . i must be honest: i'm not very keen on sport . but i will be glad to go swimming and sailing for a few weeks . i have been learning to paint . and i would prefer to have a nice audience for my poetry as well . i'm a poet , yeas . 
i would choose the month of july , because i'm free at this time from family duties . 
about the other camp conditions - it does not matter for me . i can stay in tents or log cabins , whatever you wish . 
send me , please , news about july . 
yours sincerely
fu-su harp
dear kim , 
i hope that you are still ok and now are preparing for me a nice new letter ! i hope so ! 
i have been writing to you that my life in london has been a little bit boring for me . it was true . but now everything absolutely completely changed has completely changed ! 
i found the kind of activity that i have been looking for for ages . my russian friend invited me to set up an exiting new business . we established a firm which has a deal with musicians and contemporary pop stars . can you imagine ! 
first of all , in order to our firm purpose i wrote an invitation to my favourite idol - the poet and singer boris grebenchekoff . we rented for him a special hall near piccadilly circus . the hall was crowded . his one-week concert programme was so successful that we decided to invite him else , as soon as the tickets were all sold . i had a nice experience as manager too . i would like to be a professional in this area , yeas . do you share my ambition , kim ? isn't it a brilliant idea ? 
you know , kim , i'm always looking for an aim in life . not only - to live , but to have something to live for . now i made have made my choice . 
good luck to you as well ! 
p . s . your present , a small toy , a white hose - i always keep with me , it helps me to pass my exams . 
with love -
dear helen ryan
i am writing about the letter that i recently received from you , which is about a competition in which i have won the first prize . 
i would like to know if it is possible for me to go in july , because i have school in the other months , and it is impossible for me to go in december or january . 
about the accommodation , i would prefer a log cabin instead of a tent , because it is safer and more comfortable . 
the two activities that i prefer are basketball , because i played in my school's team for almost a year , and photography , which is a hobby that i am good at and i practise have practised have done since i was ten . 
on top of everything , i would like to ask how much money i should take , and what type of clothes are the best to wear in the competition . 
yours sincerely
elisa f . 
shopping is not always enjoyable
if you are used to going shopping very often , maybe it is because you don't know about all the other good things you can do on your weekend . 
people are used to going to the shopping centre because it is easy and familiar . it is one place where you can have lunch or dinner , watch a movie after that , and , if you want , buy something at the shops . 
on the other hand , everything at the shopping centre is more expensive , because the people that shop there usually don't compare prices or look for cheaper shops , because all they need is already at this place . 
instead of going to the theatre , which is more cultural , or even have having a picnic at ikurapiura park , people prefer spending all their money at shopping centres . 
so , why don't we try to change our habits and start to do new things to enjoy ourselves . 
dear mrs helen ryan , 
thank you very much for your letter . i am glad to be informed that i have won first prize in your competition . i am now writing this letter to give you further information about myself with pleasure . 
firstly , the date i would like to travel on would only be in july . since i am a full-time student , i will not have finished my lessons until the end of june . in addition , i will be busy with my course work in august . 
regarding the accommodation , i would prefer to stay in tents because i think it will be closer to nature . i am sure i will have a lot of fun and release myself from the busy study totally . 
i am pretty good at painting . i have won several prizes in the competitions which were held by my college . on the other hand , i started to play tennis at the age of six . tennis is my favourite event sport . so i would like to do these two activities while i am at the camp . 
lastly , i have some questions to ask you . since i have never been to the u . s . a , i know nothing about it . would you like to tell me how much i should take with me as pocket money and what should i wear at that time of year ? 
i will be grateful for your help . i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
best wishes . 
yours sincerely 
shopping is not always enjoyable
shopping is becoming a popular way of killing time nowadays . in some people's opinion , shopping and spending money is a kind of amusement and they can even get satisfaction from it . 
however , more and more people are now asking , " is shopping always so enjoyable ? " in my view , the answer is , no . 
firstly , since more and more people go shopping , shops are always so crowded , especially the popular ones . try to imagine the scene : twenty or thirty or even more people are in a queue outside the fitting room . would you say that shopping is enjoyable ? would you be patient enough to wait for half an hour or more just because you want to buy a t-shirt ? 
secondly , the cost is also a problem . it is a really annoying thing when you are keen on something but you can't afford it . one of my friends , emma , happened to see a fantastic jacket which costs 105 . then she spent all her spare time doing part-time jobs to earn money . after a week , she had got enough money and rushed to that shop . but it was just not there ! she felt really bad after that . so , would you still say that shopping is enjoyable ? 
more and more people find that there are a lot of nicer things they can do rather than shopping . shopping is not always enjoyable . sometimes it can be a waste of time . so , let's have a new lifestyle in this new generation ! 
tito torres vargas
elizabeth gaskell college
manchester , uk
helen ryan
competition organizer
dear madam , 
thank you for this great opportunity to travel with you for free ! i entered the competition you organized but never expected to be the lucky winner . 
i could only travel in the first week of july because i have to join my parents on their trip to italy , due to start on the 20th . 
the accommodation that best suits me is the log cabin , as the space in tents is very limited and i am not used to having all my belongings in order and packed at all times . 
with regard to the activities you offer , it is difficult to choose from such a huge variety , but i prefer to do those i know better such as climbing . i've been studying photography on my own , and i am looking forward to practising new techniques and taking pictures of new landscapes . 
please send me a list of the items i may need there , including the most appropriate clothes for the american weather . i would also like to know in advance the amount of money i need to bring for expenses that will not be included . 
yours sincerely
shopping is not always enjoyable
most of us would agree on that . who has never had a bad experience related to an unsatisfactory product ? moreover , who has the freedom to buy on an unlimited budget whatever they need whatever they need on an unlimited budget ? and finally who has all the time needed to do so ? 
there are many things that can go wrong in the process of acquiring a product or service . and whenever money is involved , some problems are likely to arise . thieves will try to put their hands in our wallets and purses , and even the so-called 'plastic money' is not always safe . 
hunting on the high street , or the shopping malls for the desired bargain - because we can't afford otherwise to buy anything to buy anything otherwise - often becomes a desperate attempt to attain a lifestyle promoted by the new consumerist society . and nobody can say they would rather go back to the stone age when money was not even invented . 
with more free time and more money to spend than ever , shopping is a great activity , but when this creates bad habits such as overspending , it could lead to serious problems . 
in the end everything depends on our attitude to life , including shopping . i particularly enjoy making lists of the products before going shopping . but even without money to spend it is fun to rush from time to time through the sales that seasonally appear , or simply look at the superb displays that shops have in their showrooms . 
shopping may be enjoyable or not at all ! 
dear helen ryan , 
i have seen your letter about camp california in the u . s . a and i would like to travel in july because i am pretty busy with my studies and i am working with my dad in his office now . 
first of all , you state in the letter that the accommodation at camp california is in tents or log cabins . i would prefer to stay in a tent because i like being in contact with nature . 
secondly , from the list of activities that you provide in the letter i would prefer swimming because when i was a child i did this sport for 8 years . in addition , i would prefer photography too because i love taking photos . 
finally , i would be grateful if you could clarify what kind of clothes i must take and how much i will spend during the stay at the camp . 
i look forward to hearing from you
yours sincerely 
dear kim , 
many thanks for your last letter . i'm sorry i haven't written for so long but as you can imagine i've been pretty busy with my studies . 
anyway , the reason i'm writing is that you asked me about my experience with the most famous pop group in america: " mana " 
jane's grandfather was the organiser of the pop concert and jane had invited me to help at the event . first i didn't accept but finally she convinced me . it was the most exciting experience i have ever had ! i helped with the lights and i was in charge of the food and drink . i did hamburgers and hot dogs and i prepared orange juices . 
it was great because i got to know a lot of people and the most important person was alex , the drummer of the group . you know he is my love ! he's good looking . 
i enjoyed very much . 
give my love to your family
write soon
love , 
dear mrs . ryan:
having won the trip to california delights me and i am providing you with the further information you asked for:
i only have two months of vacation in july and august and since i must visit my grandparents in august , the only time possible is july . 
i would prefer a tent rather than a log cabin because i have been told that the californian summer is hot and dry so , because a tent's wind circulation is better , it would create a comfortable coolness . the two activities i would like to do are basketball and surfing . i have played basketball for 5 years in an amateur team and still play on a playground regularly so my skills are good . on the other hand , i am a complete beginner at surfing . this sport has always attracted me due to its contact with the sea and the great sensations it provides and i believe this is the perfect opportunity to introduce myself to this exciting sport . i still have some questions to ask you:
do i need to bring any particular clothing , like a wet suit , for instance ? is any " pocket money " required in case there is something i need to pay for ? and finally , is somebody going to meet me at the airport or am i supposed to get to the camp on my own and get refunded afterwards ? 
best regards
chi chen
shopping seems to be a true pleasure at first: spending money on yourself or people you like is very satisfying and enjoyable , but it can also be a real nightmare . 
you often enter a shop and see people everywhere so you have to squeeze yourself through the aisles to take a look at a product . after long hours of hesitation , you decide to buy a product but discover that it is overpriced . frustrated , you nevertheless pick something cheaper and advance towards the cashiers . there , you find an enormous queue waiting for you but you still have to stand up even though your tired legs demand a seat . it is finally your turn and you reluctantly hand the money over to the hypocritical cashier . 
then , you can rest a little and examine the product a little closer but , unfortunately , it does not provide the satisfaction you may have wished for . instead , you keep thinking about the initial product you could not afford , resulting in more frustration and tiredness . 
so there are several plausible reasons why shopping is not always enjoyable . 
dear mrs ryan , 
i am writing to enquire about the competition that i won and give some details to you about myself and my interests . 
in the first place , i prefer to travel in july because my school will not be closed before this date . secondly , a camping holiday has always attracted me so i would like to stay in a tent rather than in a log cabin . 
in my spare time , i enjoy playing basketball with my friends and i also like swimming . when i was in primary school , i was one of the members of the swimming school school swimming team . i am not really good at basketball but i think it is good fun . for these reasons , i choose basketball and swimming from the list which i was given . 
i would like to know what types of clothes i need and beside this , how much money i need during my vacation . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely , 
dear kim , 
it's ages since i've heard from you . i hope you and your family are well . 
last month , i had a great time at the concert of " dragon " , which is the most popular hard rock group in the world . they had a concert in my home town , that's why the organisers were looking for young people who could speak english . i applied and they took me on . i worked in the security department . the staff in that department were really friendly and helpful and they were also huge , like giants . basically , i helped them connect liaise with the local police and get some electronic equipment that they needed . they treated me as if i was the private secretary of the department , because of this sometimes i felt that the power was in my hands . by the way , i have already been invited to their next concert . they gave me two free tickets . would you like to come with me ? 
looking forward to hearing from you soon . 
love
13rd of june
dear helen ryan , 
i was really happy when your letter arrived and i knew learned that i won the first prize in your competition . 
i have never been to the u . s . a . 
now i will give you the information which you asked for . it is only possible for me to travel in july . that is the only month when i have time because after july i have to start at university . 
i would prefer to sleep in a tent because i am used to it . when i was a child my parents and i spent a lot of time at camps . 
you wrote that i should choose two activities . i have chosen golf because i have been playing golf since 1998 and i want to improve and then i decided to start a new kind of sport and i would like to start climbing . i could play golf in the first week and in the second i could start climbing . 
what about money and clothes ? you know what kind of clothes i need and could you give some advice on how much money i will need ? 
yours sincerely 
shopping is not always enjoyable
i think it depends if you are a man or a woman and now i have to say i am a woman and i enjoy it . 
honestly i never had a shopping trip which i didn't enjoy alone alone which i didn't enjoy . 
i can remember one shopping trip which i went on with a man and it was a nightmare . 
it was a fantastic sunny day and we went to frankfurt and i really needed shoes and it is not easy to buy shoes . you have to choose carefully . 
i tried ten pairs of shoes and with every shoe his mood got worse and worse and in the end we had a big fight about everything . 
we left the shop without any shoes , in a horrible mood and we went home . now he is my ex-boyfriend ! two days later i went back to the shop and i bought the shoes , which i still wear . this was for me the only shopping trip which was not enjoyable . 
to sum up , my advice is that women should go alone or with a female friend . 
dear helen ryan , 
i have received your letter today and i would like to thank you for the first prize . 
the best dates for me to travel would be in july because actually i work in the communications industry and i must ask my employer when i can take holidays . but i think it will be from the 7 july 2000 to the 21 july 2000 . regarding the accommodation at camp , i prefer the log cabins , because a few years go , i went camping with some friends and every night it rained and in the tent it was impossible to sleep because the ground was so wet . so for this reason , i choose the log cabins . 
for the two activites that i chose are at first swimming . i am in the swimming team and i must go two times per week to train because i have a competition every weekend . my second choice is basketball . i have played basketball at school and i was one of the best players . after that , i decided to coach a team but i should stop because i have started entering swimming competitions . 
for these two weeks , what kind of clothes must i take ? it is including the transport and travel , but for the food and extra activities i must take some money . could you tell me approximately how much ? 
yours sincerely
m . bruni
dear kim , 
how are you ? i'm fine . 
you know last month i helped at a pop concert as part of the security . it was a very good experience . 
the concert sarted at 6:00 pm until 2:00 am , and i started to work at 12:00 pm to prepare the stage with the musicians . 
after that , at 2:00 pm , when people arrived , i was at the entrance to take the tickets and , you know , it was incredible because some people slept all night in front of the stadium to be in the front row . there were maybe 50 , 000 spectators for this show . it was amazing . when the concert started i had to look round if anybody threw bottles or anything else on the stage . i also helped to serve people who would like to drink . i was like a barman . i saw old people , children . . . . and for me it was very strange and it was very interesting , because i met a lot of people and the best thing was that i knew the pop group who sang . it was fantastic . if i have another opportunity to do that i think that i will do . 
write to me as soon as possible . 
dear mrs ryan , 
i am writing to give you further information about the two weeks at camp california . 
first of all , i would like to express my joy at having won this prize . i am very happy . secondly , you would like to know when i will be able to go there . actually , i have asked my boss and he has given me two weeks off in july . we have a lot to do at work so it is not easy to get weeks off . thirdly , i prefer staying in a tent to staying in a log cabin . i think it is more fun . concerning the activities , i would choose tennis and sailing . i am very good at tennis . last year , i took part in a competition and i did well . i also have a sailing licence but i have not done it for a long time . i need to know what kind of clothes i should take with me . i do not know if things are expensive there . therefore , could you give me an idea of how much money i should bring with me . 
i am looking forward to receiving more information . 
yours sincerely , 
sofia jordana
it is saturday . the the supermarket car park is full . there are no more shopping trolleys . all the shops are crowded . some people are in a hurry , others are aggressive and most of the others are very stressed . 
it is not always like that but we often see such a scene , even though shopping is becoming an entertainment not only for teenagers but also for adults . 
we have more and more shops everywhere and they sell everything . because of that , people's needs have increased a lot nowadays . that is also the reason why we have all these new supermarkets . on the one hand , it is very enjoyable to go shopping because we can find a lot of things . sometimes we need them and sometimes we don't but it is fun to buy new clothes , furniture and so on . on the other hand , the quality of service in the shops and supermarkets has decreased deteriorated a lot these last few years . the shop assistants are not always nice and sometimes they don't even know anything about what they sell . 
in my opinion , shopping is not always enjoyable , especially when there are too many people in the shops . 
cambridge , 13th june 2000 . 
dear miss helen ryan;
thanks for your letter . i am very happy about the news . also to know about the all accommodation and travel costs that are included in the first prize . 
i am going to give you all the information that you need . 
i would like to travel only in july because i am free from college and also it is a very good time for me . regarding the accommodation at camp california , i would prefer to stay in a tent , because i have had a very nice experience in a tent and i love to share with other people . in addition i would like to choose singing and photography because i am good at singing and taking photographs . 
please could you let me know if i need any special clothes and also how much money i need to bring ? 
finally is it possible to have a map of the area ? 
yours sincerely
elena paner ( mrs ) . 
cambridge , 13th june 2000
dear kim , 
i hope you and your family are fine . i am going to answer your letter just now . 
last month i enjoyed a lot helping at a pop concert helping at a pop concert a lot . really it was a very interesting experience , particularly when i had to deal with a young group of children from latin america . it was incredible , because i learnt some spanish words such as hello , how are you ? goodbye , what is your name , house , dog , cat , boy , girls etc . i am very happy that i promised myself that i would learn spanish this summer at huntingdon college . also another interesting thing was knowing learning about their culture , because all of them come from peru , bolivia , ecuador , chile or uruguay . at the concert they were very successful because they were very confident and i helped with the sound system and our equipment was extraordinary and the audience were fantastic . i hope one day you and i can travel to south america because i would like to introduce you to my new friends . 
now i have to end this letter , so please call me if you want to see me next week . 
take care ! ! 
love
june 5 , 2000
dear mr. helen ryan:
i am writing this letter because i would like to express my happiness . this is the first time i won a prize in this kind of competition so i would like to answer your questions . 
first of all , i would like to travel in july because i have a lot of work to do and my parents wish to see me this month , so if it is possible to arrange the dates that would be very nice . 
second , i used to go to camps where they only used log cabins so i prefer , if it is possible , to be in a tent , because it would be a new experience for me . 
third , i love playing basketball . i am a great player and i play for my university and i like to be playing all the time so this activity i will not miss i will not miss this activity . the other activity would be surfing . i think it is very cool and i want to learn . 
finally , i want to know what kind of clothing i will need and if have to take any money to spend at the shops or markets . 
looking forward to hearing from you soon . 
yours sincerely , 
jason andre . 
shopping is not always enjoyable . you have to be walking all the time , so your legs will feel painful , hurt at the end of the day . you will be very tired and you will want to rest for two months . 
if i go alone it is very fast and i enjoy it but if i went with my mother it would be horrible , i would have to make a sacrifice . i would have to wait until my mother decided which is the best place to buy her dress . 
she would see if it is pretty or not , if it is on sale at another store , we would not buy the dress and we would have to go to the other store to see the other dress , but after seeing all the stores and looking at all the dresses she would decide on the first one we saw . it would be horrible . 
it is like a nightmare . 
dear helen ryan , 
i am very pleased to hear that i have won first prize in your competition and am writing to you to offer additional information , as requested . 
first of all , i would like to travel in july because i am planning to visit my mum in korea in august . i also prefer staying in log cabins to tents . i have once experienced having been soaked while i was sleeping in a tent due to heavy rain several years ago . one more reason is that i do not want to miss the chance to stay in a log cabin , which i have been dreaming of for a long time . how romantic it will be ! as for my activities , as i took up playing golf when i was a child and now , i am a single-handicapped player , so i want to have a chance to play golf at camp . moreover , i am very good at singing as well as playing the piano . in fact i have been playing the piano for a children's choir for 5 years . 
additionally , i would like to know which kind of clothes i should pack . what's the weather like in california ? how much money should i bring with me for the two-week stay ? 
i would be really grateful if you could send me some information or any relevant brochure . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely , 
dear kim , 
how are things these days ? sorry not to write to you for a long time . i've been busy preparing for english exams . 
you remember i helped people at a pop concert as a nurse last month ? you can't imagine how happy i am to have had such a wonderful opportunity . 
as you know , i've not been keen on pop music - i've always thought it was not only noisy but also even rubbish . it was not until the concert that i became a pop maniac . it was really great to have talked with famous pop singers , bands , and tv stars . when a member of venga boys came to the emergency center for the treatment of an electric shock to his finger , i felt i was short of breath . we usually are apt to think famous stars to be arrogant and nasty , but they weren't at all . it was absolutely our prejudice . they were very kind , soft , well-behaved , even modest . their attitudes towards people , their costumes , their songs - everything was really fantastic . fortunately there were few emergency accidents so i could enjoy the concert without a hurry . i was definitely over the moon ! 
i hope you can go to the next concert with me . longing to hear from you . 
love , 
dear ms ryan
i am writing in reply to your letter of the 15th of may . i would like to provide some further information you are asking me for . 
first , i am only able to come in july , because my examination session is due from the 24 june till 26 june . 
i would prefer to be accommodated in a log cabin as i do not like sleeping on a mattress and i get an allergy to rubber . 
from the listed activities i would like to choose singing , because it is my hobby and i also sing in a local choir . photography is my second favourite subject . i won third prize in a competition organized by our college . 
could you , please send me some extra information regarding the amount of money i should take to cover any other expenses , and also , what kind of clothes i should take . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you
yours sincerely
is shopping not always enjoyable ? there are different opinions and points of view . 
i like shopping very much . firstly , you have a wide variety of shops you can buy food from . for example , large supermarkets with dishes ready to eat . even if you do not have any cooking skills you can enjoy exotic meals . on the other hand , some people complain that there are a lot of artificial products , which are quite unhealthy , but very expensive . 
the second thing i like about shopping is the possibility to find your own style by buying clothes in the small boutiques . you can always ask for good advice from the experienced shop assistants , which does not necessarily cost you extra money . however , someone else may say , it takes too much time . 
the third reason i enjoy shopping is that i never go alone just to buy a thing i need . i always take my friend with me so we can chat or have coffee in the shop's cafe . although my brother thinks the better way to have fun is to watch tv than to be pushed in crowded shops , i do not agree . 
to sum up , i agree that shopping is not always enjoyable , but for me it is and i like it . 
june 13th , 2000
dear mrs ryan , 
i am very glad to receive such a wonderful surprise as to learn that i have won first prize . what a lovely opportunity to go to america ! 
about the information you asked me for , the most suitable month for me to travel would be july , since it is when i am free travelling to travel because i won't have classes at school by that time . as to the matter of accommodation i'd prefer a log cabin , because i consider them better for resting and getting to know people . 
i also want to mention that it's great you have so many activities . the ones i consider i'm good at are painting and photography . i love nature and i'd like to record the californian landscapes . 
i have something i'd like to ask you . do i have to take any special clothes with me ? how warm is california in that month ? another thing , should i take my camera with me for the activity at the camp ? i'd appreciate any further information you can give me . 
looking forward to your reply . 
yours sincerely , 
june 13th , 2000 dear kim , it was quite nice to hear from you and your family in the last letter you sent me . hope everybody is well . and , yes ! i helped my friend jane at the concert ! it was such a wonderful experience ! when jane asked me to help her with the publicity and specially with the interviews , i just couldn't believe it . you know that i love going to concerts , but being at the beginning of the show and a member of the staff was something i was always interested in . i never imagined how many people are involved in the organization of a concert ! in the area of publicity we were about 50 guys , all of us investigating , calling radio stations , organizing the reporters , specifying where the press would be for the interview that took place afterwards . . . yet , it was incredibly satisfaction satisfying when everything turned out just fine ! wish you were there ! but , i heard you went on vacation to bermuda . cool ! how was it ? you have to tell me everything ! looking forward to hearing from you . love , 
xxx
dear mrs . ryan , 
thank you for the letter which i have received with great delight and excitement . i am writing in order to let you know about the further necessary information you have requested . 
first of all , i would like to travel in july as it is my summer holiday and i believe the weather would be best for camping in july . and if it is possible i would like to stay in a log cabin rather than in a tent because i find tents uncomfortable to sleep in . 
the two activities i would like to do at the camp are tennis and surfing . i have been playing tennis for many years and it is my favourite sport . however , i have never done surfing before but i have always wanted to learn how to do it and i believe this would be my best chance to do so . 
before i go to the camp , i would like to know what type of clothes i need to take and whether there is anything i should take in case of any emergencies . also the amount of money i need to bring ( are there any shops ) . and finally , i would like to ask you to send me some pictures of the place as i am dying to know what it is like . thank you . 
yours sincerely
dear kim , 
i was one of the luckiest people from my school to be picked to help at the pop concert which took place in my town . the organiser of the concert asked my school for about 15 people , who do art , to help decorate the stage . me and my friends were very excited , not because of the stage decoration but because of the pop singers and bands whom we would be able to see ! everyone was so jealous in the school . 
when we got there , there were very many people . people were carrying big boxes around which contained electrical equipment for the concert . we were all given different sorts of jobs to do . some of us had to paint and some of us had to cut some materials and fabrics out into special shapes . it was very interesting and we enjoyed doing it very much . however the best part was watching and listening to the singers and bands practising on the stage . at the end we were given free concert tickets and got autographs from our favourite pop singers . 
it was the best day of my life and certainly for others , too . i wish you had been there . it was fantastic . i will be looking forward to your reply . 
love from
dear mr ryan , 
thanks for your letter . i am so excited that i have won the first prize . i will give you all the information you need and ask some questions . 
i can only travel in july . as you know , i am a student and the nearest holiday is the summer holiday . but i have booked a flight home at the beginning of august . and also i would like to go in summer . 
concerning the accommodation , i would like to stay in tents , because i never stay have never stayed in a tent before . i think it will be great and i want to try it . 
i like doing sports . i would like to play basketball and golf when i am at the camp . i play basketball a lot and i am a member of our college team . but i am not very good at golf . 
and also i want to ask some questions . what clothes should i take ? how much money should i take ? and how can we meet at the airport ? i am looking forward to your reply . 
yours sincerely . 
as our class is going to make a short video about daily life at college , i am writing this report to suggest some lessons and activities which should be filmed . 
1 . english lesson . because students in the english class are from all over the world , we can talk about everybody's feelings about living and studying in a foreign country . 
2 . computing lesson and computer room . nowadays the internet brings us closer and closer . we can get all we want on the internet . it's one of the most important things in our life now . 
3 . library . we not only borrow books from a library but also study at a library . the library is very important in our daily life . 
4 . canteen . every day we go to the canteen to have lunch , no matter whether you buy food from there or you take your own food . 
5 . football . what do you do after class ? jogging or some sports ? you can't forget football . 
this is what i think should be filmed . if any of you have other suggestions , we can discuss this again . but i think these five lessons or activities are the most common in our daily life at college . 
dear mrs helen ryan , 
i am writing to you about the first prize i won in your competition . i am very pleased and i include the information you asked for . 
i prefer to travel in july because i am taking some important exams in september and i have planned to study in august . with reference to the accommodation i would rather stay in a tent because i think it is the best way to socialize . 
for what concerns concerning the activities , i think that swimming and climbing are the most suitable for me . i have been swimming since i was three and i did a lot of courses . on the other hand i have never taken a course in climbing even though i would like to take up this hobby . 
i would like to ask you something about the weather and clothes i should bring so as not to have to buy anything there . in addition i need to know whether meals are included or not with the accommodation so that i can decide how much i must have with me . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely , 
mafalda d'accatino
dear kim , 
i bet you want to know everything about my great experience at luna pop's concert last month . before that i had never thought i would play with a famous group . but maybe you want to hear the story from the beginning . 
as you know , luna pop is not my favourite group and i went to their concert only because ake needed to be accompanied . when we arrived she persuaded me to go backstage because her boyfriend was the band's electrician . it didn't sound very exciting to me but i accepted anyway because i was curious . unfortunately what i found wasn't what i expected . everyone was upset , worried or angry and lucre , ake's boyfriend , explained that it was because their pianist had broken his arm and couldn't play . just then ake exclaimed that i could play the piano . after that i tried to tell them i had just begun to learn but within five minutes i was on the stage and i was playing that , luckily , easy tune . 
i don't think you can believe what i've told you but i won't forget this experience . this has been the first time i have realized that , maybe , playing the piano could be my future and , even though i was really frightened , i enjoyed being on the stage with all those eyes on me . 
i wish you had been with me but i'm sure you understand what i felt . 
love
mafalda
dear mrs ryan:
i am so happy to know that i have won first prize in your competition . 
as you asked me to send you further information about three points , i am sending you my preferences as follows:
1 . - i would prefer a log cabins log cabin rather than a tent , because it is much more comfortable . 
2 . - i have chosen singing and painting as activities , because i love painting , moreover , i am very good at it , and singing because it is one of my talents . 
3 . - i would prefer to travel only in july because at the moment i am alone at home and i have to take care of my little sister . 
i would like to know what kind of clothes i have to take with me and how much money will i need ? 
thanks in advance for your advice . 
yours sincerely 
bety
dear kim:
i am writing to you to tell you what an impressive experience i have had helping at a pop concert . 
i will start by telling you how crowded it was , people were so excited that they were screaming from the beginning to the end . i couldn't even hear my own voice . 
i cleared the stage before the concert , but you can't imagine what it looked like after it ? ! ! ! full of flowers , t-shirts , hats , underwear , etc etc etc . i couldn't feel my feet the next day , i was very tired . ! ! anyway , i also laughed a lot , the music was fantastic , and the stars were really nice to everyone . 
i tried to take a photo of everyone , but sometimes it was not possible . i will send you a copy of the best pictures the next time . 
bye-bye . 
bety
dear ms helen:
i hope you are well . thank you for this prize , i'm really excited and emotional . to answer your request question , i would like to travel only in july because i'll be on vacation until august and i think that is the best month to travel . according to my great experience on climbing , i prefer to stay in log cabins because in tents we can't sleep or cope well with the cold ! never the less , in summer we can't resist such heat ! 
in reference to your activities option , i would say that climbing is one of my first options , as i've mentioned , and i really think that photography will help me in my other adventures . 
i would like to ask if we need any money to pay for or buying buy anything because you didn't specify what is included in the trip , such as food . 
i really appreciate this kind of trip and i'm really grateful for your attention . 
yours sincerely , 
camila playhouse . 
the truth about shopping
shopping . . . a great and emotional statement , don't you think ? everyone thinks that shopping is the best way to get rid of your problems and , in fact a big solution to many problems or estrs , boring , or only for distraction . 
but the question is: why is shopping not always enjoyable ? for many people , shopping has always been only for one kind of elite , or social class; not all people can go shopping and buy hundreds and thousands of things in those big malls as a distraction . let's talk about women; nightmare ! women can't resist the temptation of shopping and they are disappointed when they don't have the desire to shop . 
shopmania is really unstoppable . i know women who do everything they can to buy only a dress , or even worse , women who buy things they have no use for , for example , snap , sculptures , kitchen tissues , or everything sold by telemarketing that really is useless , but the fact of it " being there " they can not resist they cannot resist the fact of it " being there . " 
there are many facts to prove that shopping is not " pretty and harmonious " , so believe me , it is not always enjoyable . 
dear miss helen ryan , 
i am writing to reply to your letter and communicate my acceptance of the first prize in your competition . 
this summer , i am available in july because in august my family and i are going to go to canada and in september i will go back to university . if there is no chance to go to california in july , i could wait until next summer . 
about accommodation , i would like to have a log cabin because last year i had an accident and my back was injured , so sleeping in a tent would be painful for me . 
i play basketball at university and my standard is quite good but what i am really enjoying is being a referee . due to my back injury , this year i could not train and play with my team , so i am not fit . it would be a good idea to be a referee . i would like to swim everyday if it is possible . although swimming is so boring , it would be a good thing to help cure my back . 
could you please let me know where i will eat ? if there will be a vegetarian menu ? and how much is it ? how much money do you think i will need for those two weeks ? and please could you give me some details about what the weather is like there and what type of clothes i will have to bring ? 
looking forwards to hearing from you
yours sincerely 
dear kim , 
it was brilliant ! i had the best month of my life . it was a hard month because my job was very hard . i worked 12 hours per day but always with fun people . my job was cleaning the floor after the concert; " it was very dirty " . it wasn't a nice job but i had all night for drinking and dancing of course . i didn't have to pay to get in . 
i fell in love with a beautiful girl " calen " . she is from spain and was selling " hot dogs " . she will come to liverpool next week and i'll put her up . probably she'll come with a friend and if you want you can join us . 
helping at the pop concert has been a great experience because i've met new friends and i know that at the concert there aren't any drunks just fun , wonderful people . 
i am looking forward to next summer because i'd like to go to spain to help with " doctor meesee " , which is the best concert in the world . i hope you will come there . you have to save up some money because spain is too expensive ( beach , beer , discos . . ) . 
love
dear helen ryan , 
first of all , i'd like to thank you for the prize i won . i'd like to get to know the usa . this prize came at a good time . 
i'd like to travel in july because i've got an examination at usp in roo cohelo in july . for this the only month that i can travel is july . and i'd like to stay in a log cabin because i can't bear sleeping in a tent . i hate that kind of accommodation . but i love sports . i'd like to play tennis and go swimming . these are my favourite sports . i can play tennis better you i can swim , because since i was a child i've been playing it . i've already won three prizes in it . 
and i'd like to know what kind of clothes to take and how much money to take too . i've never been to the usa before . 
i hope i will have a good journey . 
yours sincerely , 
albito . 
shopping is not always enjoyable . 
we had a class discussion about shopping , because of it i'm writing to explain about my opinion . 
i love shopping mainly when i am alone or when i am angry because i think it can help me to relax . when i have got plenty of money sometimes i like to spend a bit of it with some friends or buying a good present for my girlfriend . 
but if i haven't got enough money to spend or if i am sad shopping is not always enjoyable , because without money and being sad it is not a good idea to go shopping . 
normally i spend money buying some new clothes that i like and shoes . i love new shoes . 
one good idea is to go shopping when you have got plenty of money . 
albito
dear helen ryan , the competition organiser , 
i have recently received your letter saying that i have won the first prize in the competition . it was very fortunate for me . 
i would like to go to camp california in the usa only in july as it is my summer holidays then . it will be convenient for me then because i have two months' holiday . 
i would like to do tennis and photography . i am in the tennis team at school and i have played against various other schools before . i also enjoy photography . i am doing this subject for my g . c . s . e . s so it would be very helpful for me to practise . 
about the accommodation at the camp , i would like to stay in tents because i love to be outside and i like dangerous adventures . i can also then wake up in the morning and take photographs of the wonderful scenery . 
i would like to ask you about what kind of clothes i have to bring and how much money i have to bring . will there be any shops ? please could you send me an itinerary of the trip ? thank you very much . 
yours sincerely
i think that shopping can be both enjoyable and unenjoyable because sometimes the shops are full of people , especially at the weekends , which normally is the only appropriate time ! not only are shops crowded with people , the changing rooms have enormous queues . the clothes are quite expensive and they are never your size . these things can be very annoying but there is a good side to 'shopping' . 
i , personally , enjoy shopping very much . i like to look at the beautiful clothes and i dream of wearing them . i find that shopping is very good exercise as well ! by the time you have completed the whole high street , you will be out of breath . 
i do agree that shopping is not always enjoyable because of crowded shops and the price of clothes but i am sure that the majority of people do like shopping and i am sure that in the future there will be no more crowded streets because of the ' internet , ' on which you can order online . maybe we will have robots to do the shopping for us in the future ! 
we all just have to wait and see . . . 
dear
mrs . helen ryan:
i've received your letter and i'm very happy to know that i won the competition and the first prize . 
in answer to your question , i will have to say that i only can can only go to the camp in july because of my job ; they only gave me that month off . 
in the camp i would like to stay in a log cabin because i hate to sleep uncomfortably badly and i will if i stay in a tent . according to in your letter , you asked me to choose two of your activities . i would prefer to do some climbing because that's what i do in my spare time and i do it quite well . apart from that , if you give surfing classes i would love to take them; surfing is one of my chilhood dreams that never came true . 
i have a few questions that you might be able to answer . i don't know what type of clothes i have to take or the amount of money that i'm going to spend , so if you , please , could help me by giving me this information i would be very pleased . i'm looking forward to going to the camp and hearing from you soon
yours sincerely
carmen garcia . 
shopping is not always enjoyable . 
we have all been shopping once in our lives and sometimes it probably has not been very enjoyable , why ? we had a class discussion and we all agree on some points . 
for example , if we go to a big mall we will probably never find what we are looking for , and instead of buying what we came for we will leave with lots of things that we liked but we will never use . and that will be a waste of time . 
sometimes we have to take our little brothers with us , because our mother isn't home , and that is when the problems begin . most of the time he gets lost , or they start playing around , making noise , bothering people , etc . . . and when this happens you get in a bad mood and you'll have a bad shopping day day shopping . 
so if you want to have a good , relaxing shopping day day shopping , we recommend you don't go with your little brothers and to go with enough time to look around for what you really want . 
dear mrs ryan
thank you for your information . i am very happy to win this prize but also i have some questions about the camp . 
i would like to know if it is possible to travel to this camp in july because for me it is the best time and i cannot travel before or after , according to my employer . during these two weeks i would like to stay in a tent because you can be nearer to nature than you are in a log cabin . i like to go camping . from the activities , i choose basketball and golf . at basketball i am very good i am very good at basketball , because i have played in a basketball team for ten years . but at golf i am a beginner . 
i would like to know if it is necessary for me to take some clothes with me for the sports activities ? also i would like to know how much money i should take with me . if you could tell me the answers it would be very nice . 
yours sincerely
aydo ackermann
shopping is not always enjoyable
i think shopping is not always an enjoyable thing because there are a lot of things which are not good about it . for example: you need a lot of money each month for shopping , and a part of this money is only for buying the most necessary things like bread and other things to eat . i enjoy shopping when i can buy some clothes . 
also a problem with shopping is that most of the time there are too many people and a lot of traffic in all the shopping centres . all the people are there mostly on the same day because there are not a lot of other opportunities for shopping during the week for workers . 
i think one alternative is to buy your things on the internet , because then you don't have to invest a lot of time buying all these things , and they bring you the things to your home . in the end i think it is best if you have the chance to shop when there are not so many people because then you have enough time and you are not stressed . 
13 june . 2000
dear ryan , 
i am so amazed about winning the competition . i am answering what you would like to know some information from me . 
firstly , i am able to travel only in july because i will be on holiday in july , furthermore i have an important exam in november . secondly i would prefer to stay in a tent as it will be natural life while i am at the camp . thirdly i am keen on playing tennis and taking some photographs . 
in spite of the fact that the weather is bad , i play tennis . i collect strange photographs by myself . finally , i am wondering how much money i need for myself and what kind of clothes i need . 
i look forward to hearing from you as soon as possible . 
yours sincerely
bae ki seul
title: speaking activity
i like speaking activity while i am in the class . during that time i can talk about some secret or private things with classmates . after that we know each other better than before . in addition speaking activity includes everything for learning english such as listening , speaking , and grammar as well . in other lessons , the teacher teaches lots of things which are grammar , english culture . . . etc . it might be good . however , all the students are passive . so it can be boring . give a topic and then discuss it . i know what my friends think and like . it is real life who we are . also the film must be funny . if a film is boring , nobody will watch it . during speaking , there are lots of things happening such as , some students can't understand what the other students say and their culture . having fun and acquiring new knowledge . it makes us laugh . 
so i think that speaking activity should be filmed as you can see and know the real us and it would be funny as well . 
dear mrs ryan , 
i am writing in reply to your letter that i have just received . i am very happy to win first prize in your competition - two weeks at camp california in the u . s . a . i am also very excited about it . 
if it is possible , i would like to travel in july . this is the only month that i will be free because i am studying management and finance at university and it will finish at the end of june . i will be in italy in august because i need to improve my italian as i am taking a very important exam next year . 
i would appreciate it if i could stay in a tent at the camp because i usually go on camping site camping holidays with my friends . it is great fun . i really like sleeping in tents . 
you also said in your letter that we will have the chance to do two activities . i am really good at playing tennis and singing . i have been playing tennis for five years and i love it . i play the classical guitar and i also sing . i have been playing the classical guitar for three years . it is quite difficult but i like difficult things . 
i wonder if you could tell me about the weather and what kind of clothes i ought to bring with me . i would also like to know how much money i need . 
i look forward to receiving your reply . 
yours sincerely , 
the right time for shopping
why do people like shopping ? the first answer is that they need to go shopping . the second answer is that shopping makes everyone happy . if i get bored i can't stay at home and i feel like going shopping . when i go shopping i don't think about any problems i have . it's very relaxing for me but only if it is possible to do the shopping . sometimes it can be nightmare if you can't find something that you are looking for . 
i think the weekends are not the right time to go shopping . i went shopping last week with my friend , she needed to buy a nightdress . we spent three hours and we couldn't buy anything . it was incredibly crowded . we couldn't even move and most people were just looking and wasting their time . 
if you are in a hurry , don't go shopping ! it is not really a good idea to go shopping if you don't have enough time . 
imagine you have three children and you are going shopping with them . i can tell you how bad a situation you are in because when i was a child i always had arguments with my mother about shopping . i can remember how upset i was if my mother didn't buy what i wanted and how much i cried . it was very shameful for my mum . she was also very angry because she never managed to get me out of the toy shop . 
as you see , shopping is not always enjoyable . always make sure that it is the right time to go shopping . 
dear mrs ryan , 
thank you for your letter . it was a wonderful surprise ! i'm writing to give you the information you requested . 
firstly , you asked me when i'd prefer to travel . for me , the only option is july , because i've already something planned in august . 
concerning the accommodation , i'd prefer to spend my nights in a log cabin , because i've great difficulty sleeping in a tent . 
you also mentioned the activities i'll be able to do . i chose tennis and golf . although i've been playing tennis for five years , i can't say i'm a very good player . and i'm even worse at golf , because i've never played it before . but i enjoy finding out about new activities ! in addition to this , i would be grateful if you could send me some information on these few subjects : what kind of clothes are required ? what is the weather like at that time of the year ? and should i take some money with me ? how much ? 
i hope you will be able to answer my questions . 
i look forward to hearing from you as soon as possible . 
yours sincerely
hermine damien
" cry freedom " 
if you are used to reading a lot , you know there are only a few books about which you can say: 'this is such a marvellous book i will want to read it again' . " cry freedom " , by john briley , is one of these books . but why should we read this book twice ? 
firstly , the story takes place in south africa , during the period of apartheid apartheid . the political and historical background is very interesting , but also complicated . i think that you can't understand all the links between the events without reading the book more than once . and by understanding the book , you'll also be able to better understand what happens nowadays in a lot of countries . 
however , i think that the main reason why someone has to read this book twice is the strength and depth of the two main characters: donald woods and steve biko . both of them symbolize courage , the love of justice , the fight for freedom , which makes them look like heroes . just like the greeks and the romans , our modern society has myths legends , and " cry freedom " is one of them . 
to sum up , i think it's worth reading this book twice , both for a better understanding of our world , and for the symbolical meaning of the story . 
dear helen ryan , 
i am writing to reply to your letter . i'm very glad to hear that i have won first prize in your competition . here is the information you require . 
first of all , i'm available to travel only in july because in august i'm going to attend a language course in france . 
as far as accommodation is concerned , i would prefer to stay in a log cabin because i think it is more comfortable , and , therefore , i have never stayed in a tent . 
the two activities i have chosen are basketball and tennis . 
i play basketball very well , although i have never taken part in important competitions; however , i am not very good at tennis , and i would like to improve . 
moreover i would be grateful if you could tell me how much money i have to take , and what clothes are best wear to wear during the holiday . 
yours sincerely
rita pizzi
this report shows which lessons and activities are best to film in order to make a short video about daily life at our school . it is based on interviews taken from over 80% of my classmates . 
first of all , according to the majority of them , latin and greek lessons should be filmed . in fact they find it difficult to take them in and , in their opinion , these lessons are the most important so as to show their daily life at school . 
on the other hand , about 3% of students suggest that chemistry lessons should also be filmed , because they often take place in the laboratory that the school has recently built; in fact some experiments might be filmed . 
furthermore , some students would like to film the school football team , because football is the most practised activity among the students . 
to sum up , it is clear that not only should the film be about the subjects they study , but it should concern their sports activities as well . 
dear sir/madam , 
firstly , i would like to say that i am surprised to receive a letter from you . i read the information you gave to me . it is very interesting . it is very good due . 
regarding camp california in the u . s . a . , i expect to travelling travel in july because i will have a long holiday at that time and my children have to go to france with school in july as well . i think it will be a very good time to travelling travel without worries . 
what about accommodation ? i prefer to stay in tents because i feel very natural . can you imagine how exciting it is when we are in the dark and very quiet and we can hear the sound of the animals . how amazing is that ? 
when i arrive there , i would like to do painting and take a photography course because both of these were are my hobbies . i have been doing a lot of them when i have had some free time and when i feel impressed with where i have been . i think i can do these things very well . 
finally i would like to ask you about i have to spent any money over there without my shopping and how the weather is over there in july because i will pack the clothes as useful . 
by the way i have to say thank you very much for everything that you are offering me and i look forward to further information from you . 
yours sincerely
zita zalai
dear kim , 
how are you ? it has been a very long time since i wrote a letter to you . i hope you will feel better when you have finished my letter . 
today i am going to write about the experience of helping at a pop concert i went to last month , i . i have got a lot of things to talk about . 
firstly it is about the hall which they used for the concert . it was a very big hall , including a sound system and the light at the steat . it was brilliant . 
secondly it is the superstar superstars that came to perform at the concert . they were very cool . 
by the way , i did a lot of things at that concert . i had to connect with people who were responsible for ticket . they had to check when people came in the hall and i was checking the tickets as well . you know , you have to very strongly when you have to do that because when people came in they couldn't wait to get to the front and they try to go through very quickly . so you have to explain a lot of times to make people calm down and stood stand in a row . it was very hard for me and i won't do it again . 
in the furthermore if you want to go there . 
miss you , 
dear helen , 
thanks a lot for giving me the prize . i am so happy because of that . thank you very much for treating me in that way . 
apart from that , here is the replies information that you asked me for:
- concerning the date: i can go in july because it's my holiday month . that was what my boss told me . 
- about the accommodation , as i read , you can offer me a log cabin or a tent . from my point of view , i think tents are better than log cabins , so please , could you accommodate me put me up in a tent ? 
- activities: i am very keen on surfing because , where i live , i can practise do it every day . i also want to " book in " singing because i love singing very much and i am always singing in my house . 
thank you so much for your concern . 
yours sincerely 
javi fernndez
why don't you buy the green one ? oh , no ! that's horrible , mum ! this is a normal scene when a mother and her daughter are shopping and getting clothes from the shelves . that is what most women love . they love going to a shopping centre and putting lots of clothes on . that's so good when you have the money to enjoy it but , apart from that , there are many problems . 
first of all , a big problem is the children . when they go shopping with their mothers , they want to buy all the things that they see : doors , little cars , films . . . but , when their mothers see a good thing that they want to buy , then the children are crying because they are tired from shopping all day . 
also there is a big problem: the money . people buy and buy unnecessary things but , when they arrive in their houses get home , they can see an empty wallet . 
so , do you believe that a shopping trip like this one is an enjoyable day's shopping ? 
dear helen , 
i would like to thank you for the letter i have just received . first of all i would like to point out that it is a great pleasure for me to take part in your competition . 
i would like to assure you that i will do my best to be one of the winners in your competition . now , i would like to provide some of the information that you may need . 
firstly , i have to say that i can only travel in july this year . this is mostly because i have a job and i have made further arrangements for the other summer months . 
secondly , i would be very grateful if you could accommodate me in tents rather than log cabins . it is mostly because i like fresh air at night . from the list of activities in which i will have a chance to compete i have chosen basketball and swimming . i am very good at those kinds of sports and think that i could be the winner . 
finally , i would like to ask you how many clothes and how much money i should take with me . i will wait to hear from you , soon . 
yours sincerely , 
piotr kaczmarski
i do agree with the opinion that shopping is not always enjoyable . nowadays many young people like to do their shopping . but , isn't it a kind of entertainment ? 
in the first place , i would like to point out that to go shopping does not always mean to buy something . a lot of people , especially women , go to do their shopping only for fun . in such a situation they are looking for something that they might buy . 
but , what about real shopping ? i mean shopping with a real purpose . 
for example , imagine that you are a bride and you have to buy an appropriate outfit . it's a real nightmare when you try to match everything: from the size , the colour to the sawings of the suit that is acceptable for everyone . 
on the other hand it is a great achievement for you when you buy the suit that is perfect for everyone . 
to sum up , i would like to say that shopping is enjoyable when you are going only for fun . but , when you want to buy something special it's a real nightmare . 
dear sir/madam , 
thank you for your letter and your congratulations . i never thought that i would win the competition . it is really wonderful . i can stay at camp california in the u . s . a . for two weeks . 
i am a student at portsmouth college and the end of this term is 23 june , so i can only travel in july . i wonder if it is all right to come at that time . and concerning my accommodation , i would prefer stay to stay in a log cabin , because it is more comfortable . i would like to relax there and enjoy the atmosphere in which i will be living . 
i like to do some activities in water and my favourite activity is swimming . before i came to england , i swam every weekend in my country , even in winter , so i choose to do some swimming and sailing while i am at the camp . 
actually , my mind has already gone there . i can't wait even for a minute . i want to go there now . 
by the way , i would like to know about the shopping , especially for clothes . i want to buy some for myself . and do you think i need to exchange money before i go there ? 
i look forward to your letter . 
yours faithfully , 
to: mr ted
from: meng
subject: about daily life at our school
introduction
this report is aim to research the students about their daily life at school and give some suggestion about it . 
what do students do now ? 
lots of students normally have classes in the morning . and sometimes they do something in the library by themselves in the afternoon . for instance , reading , looking for some information or using the computer . 
what do they think about it ? 
the arts students want to learn another foreign language . moreover , some foreign students hope there will be some english classes that focus on the examination . 
most of them want to do more activities in the afternoon . 
recommendations
start some part-time foreign language classes for the students who are interested in them . 
let foreign students do more exercises about english to help them pass the exam . 
use the equipment and space that we have to organise some activities . 
dear mrs . ryan
thank you for your informative letter and your congratulations . i was really delighted to hear about my success in your competition and me winning the prize . i'm really looking forward to it as i've never been to the u . s . a . before . 
unfortunately , the only month i can travel is july because i'm doing my final exams at university in june and then starting a job in august . any two weeks during july will suit me perfectly . the best time would be from 17th july till 30th july . as for accommodation at camp california , i prefer a tent . i'm used to sleeping in a tent from my previous holidays and i always enjoyed it . i'd just like to know if the tents at the camp are based on sharing and how many people are there in one tent . 
i really appreciate the choice of activities at the camp . it was hard to choose only two . i've chosen tennis and sailing . i've played tennis since i was eight years old and i'm very good at it . i'm also good at swimming and surfing but i'd like to try sailing . i have always been attracted to it but never had an opportunity to try . is it possible to start to learn it at camp california ? 
i'd also like to know how far it is to the nearest village and how much cash i need for a two-week stay at the camp ? do i need to bring with me some special gear or equipment ? 
i'm looking forward to hearing from you again . 
yours sincerely
dear kim
in my last letter i promised to write to you about my experience working at a pop-concert . the job came unexpectedly as my friend , who was supposed to work there , broke her leg just two days before the event . so she asked me to fill her position . even though i had planned something else to do i agreed because she's my very good friend . 
the concert was due to start at 7 o'clock but we had to be there two hours before the beginning . first i was supposed to help at the refreshment spot for the fans but some 15 minutes before beginning i was told to go backstage and help with the refreshments for the musicians , technicians and others who worked there . it was very hectic there as everyone was a bit nervous but i saw the main stars and even managed to talk to them . 
when they started to play i was told to change my post again . this time i was helping the medical workers who had their hands full with teenage girls who had fainted . first , it seemed to me odd because i didn't understand why they fainted , but as the concert went on , the heat in the air was increasing and so was the number of the unconscious . it wasn't funny anymore and i didn't know what to do first . i was really shocked by the sight of crying and shaking but completely happy girls sitting or lying on the floor . 
however , i managed to listen to the music and i must admit that i liked it . i actually enjoyed it working there and i wouldn't hesitate to work there again . as i know you like this
tuesday , 13nd june 2000
dear ms ryan , 
i've just received the letter telling me that i've won first prize in your competition . i guess you can imagine how happy and excited i am right now . 
here is the few information about my stay at camp california that you asked me to provide :
regarding the best dates for my visit , i wonder if it would be possible to come in july because i'm going to sit a very important exam at the end of june . two weeks in the usa would be a great opportunity for me to relax after that . 
you asked me to choose my accommodation from either tents or cabins . i prefer sleeping in a log cabin ( i had a very bad experience with tents while i was camping with friends last year ) 
the activities listed in your letter seemed to be all interesting all seemed to be interesting . i chose to play basketball ( i play in a club , i am quite good ) and to do photography ( there must be beautiful pictures to take in california ) . 
talking about california , i suppose that the weather is hot there in summer . could you please tell me if i have to take any special clothes with me ? if it's not too much to ask , could you also tell me how much money i should take with me for food or evening activities at the camp ? 
looking for you to receive those information , 
dominique
last week i had planned to change my old basketball shoes . so i took the train to lausanne ( i live in lavaux and it's impossible to find a correct the right pair of sneakers in this whole damned city ! ) to buy a new pair to play outdoors in this summer . 
after having looked around the shops for 10 hours and tried at least 2 , 000 shoes , i finally found what i was looking for - the shoes of my dreams ( well designed and not too expensive ) . so i went back to the station , very proud of myself with my sneakers in a white plastic bag and a great smile on my face . 
i stayed happy during the journey , thinking of how cool i would look in the playground with my brand-new shoes on . 
as i jumped off the train , i met a friend of mine . i immediately wanted to show him what i had bought to make him jealous . i took the white plastic bag and . . . oh my god ! there was no more plastic bag . i had left it on the train ! 
how stupid i am ! it seems like i will have to play in old shoes for one more summer . . . 
13th june 2000
helen ryan
competition organiser
dear madam , 
i am writing in response to your letter , in which you told me i am the winner in your competition , and my intention is to try to give you all the information you may need . 
i would like to travel in july because i have another trip , to spain , in august , which is the perfect month for me , otherwise i would not travel to spain . 
about accommodation , i would prefer a tent instead of a log cabin and the reason is i have never used tents and this could be a very exciting experience for me . 
the two activities which i think would be best for me are swimming and sailing . i love the sea , which is why i became interested in those activities when i was ten . therefore i have a lot of experience in both . 
could you give me some advice about the weather in california ? 
thank you very much for everything . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours faithfully , 
ion gayarre
13th june 2000
dear kim , 
thank you for asking about my latest good experience . i will let you know what the important details are . 
as you know , i helped at a pop concert last month . i did things as unusual for me as cleaning instruments , organising people , and also looking after the artists' clothes . in fact everything was very easy , the instruments were already clean , and with the clothes my job was only to wait there and give them what they asked for . organising people involved just a couple of things , saying to telling people how to do the same as me and when . 
the most exciting things were to be able to speak to the singers , the whole environment , and of course to listen to the concert from the very first row . 
all that i can say now is that i would do it again . i will never forget that day . 
looking forward to seeing you , 
best wishes
dear mrs helen ryan , 
i received your letter last week and was surprised to see that i had won a competition . it is the first time it has happened to me . 
unfortunately i'm free only in july . i will be busy working abroad until the end of june and will be on holiday with my family in august . 
you asked me which accommodation i would prefer . it's ages since i have slept in a tent and i would be happy to experience it again . it will remind me of some wonderful experiences . 
regarding the activities , i would like to do some painting , which i am quite good at . the second activity i chose is sailing . i have been on a sailing ship two times without doing anything , therefore i have got no experience at all . 
may i ask you , how much money do i need and what sort of clothes do you advise me to take ? 
i look forward to your answer and to the camp , naturally . 
yours sincerely
dear kim , 
thank you very much for your last letter . as you asked me in your letter , i will try to explain my wonderful experience at the pop concert . 
first of all , you have to know that it wasn't an ordinary pop concert , but a real open-air festival . this isn't the first year that i have worked there . however , this year wasn't like last year . 
my job was simply selling ice-creams . you might say that it was quite boring , but it was such fun . everybody was so relaxed; we were singing and dancing while selling ice-creams in our little van . byran adams himself bought me an ice-cream . 
it was an amazing experience . what i particularly liked about it was that the staff was like a big family . everybody was ready to help each other . i was really impressed by this solidarity and friendship which is quite rare in switzerland . 
i look forward to hearing from you and wish you all the best . 
love from
dear helen ryan
i am writing to provide you with the information that you require to arrange my two-week holiday at camp california in the u . s . a . 
i would like to travel in july because , as i am working , this is the only time that i have to go on holiday . 
about the accommodation , i would prefer to stay in a log cabin rather than in a tent because i have a bad back and i think that sleeping in a tent could be not just uncomfortable but also painful for me . 
you also told me that i would have the chance of doing two activities . i would like to go climbing , because it is something that i have been doing since i was a child , so i could consider myself an expert in it . and i would like to try golf because this is a sport that i have never done but i have always wanted to try . 
finally , i would like to enquire about how much money i should take with me and also what kind of clothes would be most suitable to wear . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely . 
it is said that shopping is becoming a new way of life for more and more people in the developed countries . many people forget so many other activities for the pleasure of buying as many things as they can afford . let us then ask: 'is this activity always enjoyable ? '
nobody can deny that the main advantage of going shopping is the fact that , to do so , you do not need to make any effort . far from the strength that doing a sport or even going to work requires , going shopping is something you can do either on your own or with all your family and it could not be easier; you only need a good pair of shoes and a wallet full of money . 
however , this apparently quiet and relaxed activity can sometimes turn into a living hell; you may only be able to go shopping at the weekend and then , if you do go , you will find yourself in the middle of a huge crowd of people , unable to get to any product or even shop and feeling dizzy with the mixture of smells that come from the people . nevertheless the worst will come when you lose the youngest member of your family and you have to spend the whole day looking for him/her . 
on balance i would say that although it is true that shopping is not a difficult activity , it is also true that it is definitely not an enjoyable one . 
dear sir/madam , 
i received your letter this morning and i was very surprised by it . it was an absolutely fantastic prize . 
i am writing to you about your questions . first , i can come there only in july because of my examination , i have to take it in june , and my new term will also start in september . i would like to stay in log cabins because i have stayed in tents many times in my childhood . the most exciting offer is your activities . i have been interested in painting but i have not had a chance , so i would like to do it , and i would like to do climbing . my grandfather used to do it when he was a student . after he got a job , he became busy . however , he retired from his job last year so he has had his own time . if i know how to climb , i will enjoy it with my grandfather . 
i would like to ask about my clothes and money . how much do i need to bring ? 
i wish i could see you soon . 
yours faithfully , 
dear kim , 
how are you ? you want to know about my experience at a pop concert , don't you ? it was so exciting ! 
my main work was to take people to their seats because of a concert hall , which was the millennium dome . 
do you know it ? it's the hottest place in england . most of the people were first time to come there , so they were lost . i had also never been there before . it's a huge building . i also sold a pamphlet of that concert , cd and t-shirts . 
the most exciting experience was that i could meet a lot of people . i told you before elton john performed at that concert , so there were a lot of famous people . when i saw jullia roberts , i was shocked . she was absolutely beautiful . i have never seen that kind of long legs in my life ! 
did you enjoy my letter ? i can't explain to you very well . anyway , it was a wonderful time . 
lots of love , 
so rafael , 13/06/00
dear helen
i'm pleased to receive your letter and really happy that i won the first prize . 
i would prefer to travel only in july because it's when my vacations start . i could even think about skipping school . july is also good because the weather is warm and i could enjoy more the time that i will spend in the camp the time i will spend in the camp more . i would prefer a tents tent because i'll be in touch with nature and i could listen to the sounds of the night . the two activities that i've chosen are climbing and photography . i've already climbed for four months on walls , indoor climbing . i think i can handle it very well . i've chosen photography because i love to take pictures ! i've never chosen taken any classes or training but i think i can take very good pictures . i would like to learn more about developing films . 
i have some questions myself . i would like to know:
. if i have to take any special equipment for the activities that i've chosen
. if i have to take lots of clothes or is there a service to wash them . 
. what kind of chosen do i have to take
. whether there is a phone , a fax or e-mail so i can be in touch with my family . 
. if i have to take any money . if so how much ? 
i hope i've answered all your questions and i would be pleased if mine could also be answered . 
yours sincerely , 
sabrina rodriguez
so rafael , 13th june 2000
dear kim , 
how are you ? what have you been doing there in new york ? did you find a girlfriend ? yesterday was valentine's day here in portugal . in particularly in particular i had to spend it alone . . . again . 
i'm writing to you to tell you about a pop concert that happened here in so rafael . red hot chilli peppers came here for a short time and they played at the " chedicard hall " . it was really cool because i did some backstage work . i helped with the clothing , with some paperwork , with the microphones , with the computers . i was everywhere . i was kind of a " handy girl " . i did a little bit of everything . . the best part was when the band arrived . i took lots of pictures , asked for autographs and i even gave them my cell phone number ! they promised me that they would call me someday , which i particularly doubt . something that was also great was to watch the show from backstage . it's a unique experience . i wished you could have been there with me . 
i hope you answer this letter as quick quickly as possible with lots of thing to tell me . 
lots of kisses and hugs
your pen friend
sabrina rodriguez
dear madam , 
i have just received your letter which informs me that i have won two weeks at camp california in the usa . 
in this letter you ask me for some further information for my convenience for this trip . firstly , i can take my holiday only in the first two weeks of july because of my work . 
secondly , i would prefer to sleep in a tent . i go camping every year in the countryside of france . the activities that i have chosen are sailing and climbing . i have never sailed but i am a good swimmer . last summer i took a course for one week in switzerland climbing climbing course for one week in switzerland so i know a lot about this sport . 
finally could you please tell me which what kind of clothes should i take with me and if the camping furniture equipment is provided ? i was also wondering how much money i need and if there is a safe place where i can put my money and passport . 
i look forward to hearing from you soon and if you could send me a brochure of this holiday i would be grateful . 
yours sincerely
laura demoriane
shopping is not always enjoyable
a lot of people like shopping and everybody goes on saturday because lots of people don't go to work then and it is the only day off for the majority of people . if you don't get up early enough you can't find a parking space in the town centre . all of them are full by 11 am . the street is so crowded that you can't walk like you usually do and if you go with some friends you can be sure that you will lose them . 
in the shops is worth , if you are lucky and you find some clothes which are the right size you will wait 20 minutes at the fitting room and after that 20 minutes more at the cash desk . in the supermarket it is the same . when you buy food or drink they give you a plastic bag to carry it in and these bags break every time . 
at the end of the month when your husband will receive the bill from your visa card your visa card bill he will have a heart attack ! 
why not shop over the internet or if you have a nice mother at home enjoy this time because shopping is like going into the jungle . 
dear mrs ryan , 
i received your letter , which says i won the first prize in your competition - two weeks at camp california in the u . s . a . i appreciate that and i thank you sincerely for having chosen me as a winner . i accepted accept and i want to inform you that i can travel only in july because i have booked my annual leave for that period . also , i prefer to stay in tents because i have memories from my childhood . every year my parents used to send me to camps in the mountains so i would like to stay for a while in the same type of accommodation and environment . also , i prefer swimming and painting . i started to learn how to swim when i was 7 years old . my parents took me to the seaside every weekend so i got used to being in the water all seasons . i have taken part in races twice in my life , where i was successful . also , i have liked painting from an early age , and i have taken part in a public exhibition , where i won first prize . i would like to ask how much money i should have with me and where can i keep it ? what about the clothes ? you don't mention anything about them . do i need something special or can i wear ordinary clothes ? 
yours sincerely 
dear kim , 
i would like to write about the experience that i had when i enjoyed helping at a pop concert in my neighbourhood . 
i am a member of the council team so i decided to help them at a pop concert that was organized last month . i helped them to prepare the room for the bands and i decorated the place for the singers . also , i helped them to choose the right instruments and to test them . it took a long time to test the speakers and the microphones . apart from this preparation , i also helped out during the concert . i helped them to the music and the songs . it was quite a difficult assignment job but i got some very good experience . i realised it when the concert had finished . the audience was excited and i cannot describe my happiness . it was something that i didn't expect . also , it happened was the first time in my life . i still have the sound of the music in my ears and the voices of the young people who were accompanying our songs . i enjoyed it very much and i want to transfer convey my pleasure to you through this letter . 
yours sincerely
dear ms ryan , 
i am writing to you to give you some required information . first of all , i am glad to hear that i won the first prize in your competition . i am happy to visit the united states with your organisation . 
actually , i would like to go to camp california next july because i have got two weeks' holiday then . i also will be pleased to stay in a log cabin . my experience of camping is not so huge as to encourage me to stay in a tent for 2 weeks . 
you asked me what activities i would like to join in with . surfing is something that i have always wanted to try . as you can see , i have absolutely no experience in it . will it be possible to join a surfing school ? for the second activity i have chosen photography . i enjoy taking pictures of landscapes . i have also attended a photography course . so my standard is not a beginner's anymore . 
moreover , could you please tell me what kind of clothes i should take with me ? what kind of money is used ? 
i am looking forward to going on holiday . 
yours sincerely , 
mr oliver herre
brighton , 13th june 2000
dear kim , 
forgive me for not writing to you sooner . as you know , i was fairly busy with studying for my first certificate . 
the concert was absolutely marvellous ! so many happy people in the crowds , that the atmosphere was infectious . anyway , what you wanted to know was what my job was . actually my job was not really stressful , but i had contact with and access to all the famous pop stars . i had to bring them refreshments . that has been my dream since my childhood . 
i was a little bit disappointed with their attitude . they didn't really appreciate the service . some of them were quite rude . apart from that , it was an amazing experience . if you ever have the opportunity to do something like this then do it without hesitating . i liked seeing their way of life . 
i hope you will write to me very soon and i hope to tell you more about my concert experience in the backstage area . 
lots of love , 
dear mrs . ryan , 
thank you for your letter letting me know that i've won first prize in your competition . it came as a nice surprise . 
i would like to let you know that i can only travel in july because that is the only time i can take off from work . i would prefer to stay in the log cabins as i would be afraid of insects or any crawling animals if i had to stay in the tent . 
for activities , i would like to choose tennis and swimming . i used to play tennis at tournament level and now i play it for enjoyment instead . swimming is my favourite way of exercise exercising and keeping fit . 
i've a few questions to ask . since all accommodation and travel costs are paid for , are there any other expenses that i have to meet ? how much money should i have with me in order to cover all other expenses ? furthermore , what type of clothes should i bring ? 
i would be grateful if you could let me have the above information as soon as possible . thank you once again for giving me this good news ! 
yours sincerely , 
i find shopping is very time consuming . if i want to buy a nice pair of shoes , i have to go into a city centre and browse around from shop to shop until i find the shoes i like . if i'm not lucky enough to find them , then i have to take a train to a larger shopping place such as london . 
whilst in london , i'll be facing crowds and people will be rushing everywhere . to walk around london streets looking for a pair of shoes can definitely be a tiring task . as i'm a compulsive buyer , i'd probably end up buying other things as well . 
at the end of the day , i would not only be carrying a pile of shopping bags but also trying to squeeze in between other passengers on the train on my way home . 
by the time i got home , i would be completely exhausted . as you can see , shopping is not always enjoyable . 
dear helen , 
i have just received the letter from you . i would like to thank you for choosing me . 
in the letter you ask when i would like to go . the most suitable month is july , because my pen friend is going to visit me in june . also i prefer the camp california because i have just finished my military service and i got used to stay staying on the camp . 
there are two activities . i am good at basketball and tennis . i played basketball at university . at university i attend attended for two years tennis lessons tennis lessons for two years . finally i would like to ask you if i need to bring money and clothes with me . 
i look forward to hearing from you ! 
yours sincerely
dear kim , 
last month i had a great time in derby . i went with big brothers , which is the name of the band . 
as i told you two months ago , i saw the advertisement in the newspaper . this group was looking for a manager . i went for the interview and i got the job . they did not knew know each other . they just met each other a month ago . 
just before the concert i had to check that everyone was present . also i had to look for a dry place in case it was raining . i really liked that . i had to run all the time . this was my job and i liked what i was doing . the concert was brilliant . 
i am looking forward to hearing the news about your group . i wish you all the best ! 
with love
dear mrs helen ryan , 
i received your letter congratulating me on having won the first prize in your competition . i am extremely excited about the opportunity to go to your camp in the usa . 
firstly , i have to say that i am studying at university and i wonder if i could travel in july because of the exams i have in may . also i would not be able to travel there until the end of june . 
it does not matter to me whether i stay in a tent or a log cabin , but i would prefer a tent so as to be in closer contact with the wildlife and nature . 
the activities i'd like to do most are playing basketball and climbing . the first one because i have been playing basketball since the age of twelve and the second one because there are not many places to go climbing in my city . 
finally , i would like to ask you if i have to take my own clothes with me or if you will provide me with some , and about the amount of money needed . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you soon . 
yours sincerely , 
dear kim , 
i received your letter last week in which you told me that you want to hear about my experience at the pop concert . 
it was terrible ! we had a lot of problems from the beginning . the first one was the security . the people in charge of security didn't arrive when they were supposed to . if it hadn't been a calm and quiet crowd , we would have had trouble . another problem was the band . they didn't want to play until the venue was crowded . so the concert started an hour and a half later late . 
everything was all right during the performance of the band band's performance , but at the end some spectators came up on the stage and did some damage to the band's instruments . the singer and the guitarist were so angry that they left immediately , leaving the public without the last part of the show . 
as you can see , hardly anything went well , but the lights and the sound - for both of which i helped carry things - were appropriate for the concert . although despite all these things , i gained a lot of experience and i could be near one of my favourite pop stars , which was the best experience i've ever had . 
looking forward to hearing from you soon . 
love , 
dear helen ryan , 
thank you for your letter . i'm pleased that i've won the first prize : at camp california in the u . s . a two weeks two weeks at camp california in the u . s . a . 
first of all , 
i would like to travel in july because i am going to finish college at the end of june and i will work from the first of august . 
secondly , 
regarding the accommodation , i would prefer a log cabin . i think that will be safer for all my things . 
i'm very keen to have the chance to take part in some activities . i'm very interested in the golf . i will be a beginner because i've never done this sport before but i will have a try . also , i choose surfing . i love this sport . i've been practising doing this sport for 5 years , so i'm quite good . 
finally i would like to know if i need a lot of money for this trip and if we are going to visit some buildings . i've no idea what the weather is like in the usa . could you let me know what type of clothes i should bring with me ? 
yours sincerely sincerely , 
dear kim , 
thank you for your last letter . i really envy you your holiday in the sun . 
last month was amazing for me . i was helping at a pop concert . all right , i wasn't able to do all the stuff like the lights , the stereo , the sound but i helped to build the stage and the installation of micros . the stage was gigantic . the crowd could be all around . 
i really enjoyed being next to the pop stars . i got a lot of autographs . that was the first time i've seen someone like jagger . a lot of well known well-known pop stars were there . 
i mean , it's still unbelievable . can you imagine how like a dream it was to be shaking their hands . 
i have very good memory memories of this experience . i think i will go back next year . 
do you want to join me ? 
i look forward to hearing from you as soon as possible
love
dear mrs ryan , 
i'm writing to give you the information you requested in your letter dated march 31st , in which you informed me that i have won first prize in your competition . 
i can only travel in july , because the hospital i work for has allowed me to take my holidays in that month . i don't mind if i travel during the first fortnight or during the second one , although i would prefer travelling during the second fortnight , if it is possible . 
regarding the accommodation , i would prefer staying in a log cabin . i have never liked staying in tents because i think they are uncomfortable , especially if the stay is going to last more than two or three days . 
it's difficult for me to choose two activities from your list , but i think i would like to play basketball . i have never been good at team sports , but i really like basketball and i think it can be very interesting to meet other people by means of this team sport . i like swimming too , because i think it is one of the best sports to keep you fit and healthy . 
i would be very grateful if you could give me some additional information . what type of clothes must i take ? is it necessary to take formal dress for any formal events ? must i take cash or can i use credit cards ? thank you in advance for your help . 
i'm looking forward to hearing from you soon . 
yours sincerely , 
dear kim , 
thanks for your last letter . i can understand why you are impatient to hear about my experience at the concert last month . i have met our favourite singer , celine dion ! she is wonderful . but , first of all , let me explain to you what i did during the concert . 
we arrived at the stadium the evening before . the team of volunteers was a great one , and all of us were willing to help with anything they needed done . firstly , we were asked to clean the stadium , especially the seats and surroundings . when we finished cleaning , some of us offered to help to bring the sound equipment into the stadium . they said that it wasn't necessary and we sat down on the grass and observed how the scenery stage was being prepared for the concert . 
and then , when everything was ready , celine appeared on the scenery stage to do a sound check . i was astonished . it was incredible ! i was so near her ! when she finished the sound check , i went to meet her . i told her i was very happy to stay to be there and to have helped at the concert , and i asked her for an autograph . she gave it to me with a great smile and gave permission to take a photograph of both of us . and she dedicated the photograph to me ! 
i still believe it has only been a dream ! i am willing to show you the autograph and the photograph . 
please , make sure you can come next weekend . we will be able to talk about the concert and we will listen together to celine dion's last cd . 
let me know if you are going to come so that i can prepare the bedroom to put you up in . 
please , come ! 
best wishes , 
dear ms , ryan , 
thank you for your letter informing me about the prize i had won . 
i would like to answer your questions . please note that i can travel only in july because only then can i take holidays from my work , after the busy time in the months of may and june . 
i prefer to stay in a cabin because never before i went have been on holiday in a tent i have never been on holiday in a tent before , so i think it is more comfortable to sleep in a bed instead of outside in a tent . 
the activities i would like to do during these two weeks is are basketball and swimming . 
basketball i think i can play i think i can play basketball well , because a few years ago i was a member of the school team . swimming is not my favourite sport but i prefer swimming to golf or tennis . please could you inform me what you mean when you say all the accommodation is paid for : is that including food and drinks , so that i know how much money i have to bring with me , and what kind of weather it is during this period of the year so that i know what kind of clothes i have to take . 
i am looking forward to this holiday . 
best regards 
dear kim , 
i would like to tell you about my experience at the last pop concert . it was very nice for me to help because i saw so many people and i have gotten got got a lot of experience of things that i had never done before . 
i was the assistant of the person responsible for the clothes and make-up of the pop group , really . really i was very nervous about that because it was my first time with such famous people , but i am very happy that all the things went very well . kim , what i really particularly liked was when i was asked to do the make-up on my own really . really i was very nervous but at the same time very happy , but everything went well and everybody was very happy with my work . 
really i think you have to try to do the same thing next summer , i really enjoyed it . 
best regards 
dear mrs ryan , 
i am writing to thank you for your letter confirming that i won the first prize in your competition . i would also like to give you some information about me in order to arrange the details for the trip . 
first of all , i would like to inform you that i will be able to travel only during july because in june i am going to sit examinations for the first certificate in english . furthermore , in august i will be preparing for my course at the university where i am starting next september . 
secondly , i would be grateful if you could arrange for me accommodation accommodation for me in log cabins as i am not used to staying in the countryside and especially not in tents . 
in addition , i would like to inform you that i would prefer to do surfing and sailing while i am at the camp , as i am an active member of the sailing and surfing club of manchester and it will be a great chance for me to practise my techniques and skills . 
i would also be grateful if you could send me information about the average cost of living in california , as i have to work out the amount of money that i am going to spend , and some advice about the clothes that i need . i would also like you to specify if the food is included in the prize . 
please let me know if you need more information . 
yours sincerely
as requested , i visited some classes during lessons and some other rooms while activities were taking place . 
the aim of this report is to make a series of suggestions on which lessons and other activities should be filmed . 
it seems to me that it will be an extremely good advertisement for our school if you take plans from the chemistry lesson in the laboratory , because our laboratory is new , recognised as one of the best in the area as it has a huge amount of equipment and really some very good teachers , and also many experiments are taking place in this laboratory . 
furthermore , i think it will be a good idea to take plans from a match of our school team on the football pitch as it is completely new and fully equipped . 
in addition , i think you also have to take plans from the school's nursery as there are a lot of facilities for the children , and the parents can see that the teachers are very good . 
i also think that it will be a good idea to take some general plans of the school area as there is a huge background . 
in conclusion , i have to declare that i and my fellow students will be available to help with this short video by all means . 
dear mrs helen , 
it was great to hear from you . i cannot believe i'm the winner of your competition . 
i'm really very happy . 
as far as the further information you need from me is concerned , i am very glad to give you all the relevant details . 
i would like to travel in july; that is for me the only possibility because i will finish my course at university at the end of june and i will start to work in september . 
as far as accommodation is concerned , i would like to live in a tent at camp california . i prefer this type of accommodation because i am used to living in tents during my summer holidays . 
as i am an athletic swimmer and a good surfer too , my choice from your attached list is naturally swimming and surfing . 
i like to travel with light luggage travel light and i have no idea about the weather; could you suggest what kind of clothes i should bring with me ? 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely 
hi kim ! 
it's great to hear from you ! 
the concert last month ! the singer was fabulous and the musicians played fantastic songs . 
i was employed in security . i did it for free because it was a non-profit concert to help the poor people . it was the first time for me and i consider this experience the best of my life . 
i had to look after people near the stage . the organiser gave me a radio and i had to advise the other staff members in case of any disorder . at the same time i could enjoy the music ! i think this is what i particularly liked about this experience . 
i suggest you try this kind of experience . you should be proud of yourself , helping people who suffer , and at the same time you can enjoy yourself ! 
i am looking forward to seeing you ! 
love
dear madam , 
first , i would like to thank you for offering me this wonderful prize . for a long time i want have wanted went to go to camp california , and now my dream is about to come true . 
there is no more time left in my timetable in august since i will have to work then , so i would rather come in july . concerning the accommodation , i would prefer to sleep in a log cabin , because to sleep in a tent would remind me of the bad experience i had in ireland because of the weather . . . 
since this stay at camp california is a good opportunity to try out new activities , i would like to sail and climb , but i am a beginner at both activities . 
then , i would like to know what kind of clothes i will need there , and if i have to bring a lot of money . i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours faithfully , 
richard amelin
dear kim , 
i apologize for not having written this letter sooner , but as you probably know , i was actually really busy because of the pop concert . what a great experience that was ! i will remember it for a long time because of two reasons . 
the first one is that the band i have helped , although it hasn't found success yet , is really good . when they are on stage , during the rehearsals , they are able to play a music that completely moves me . in a few months , when they are famous , i could say: " you know , i already know them . i have even helped them at one of their concerts . " 
moreover , the work i had to do , apart from carrying equipment , was essentially to sell tickets for the concert , which allowed me to meet a lot of nice people and to become friends with some of them . even though my entire body aches ( the equipment was quite heavy ) and i am tired , i wouldn't call it work ! i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely , 
richard amelin
dear mrs ryan
i'm writing concerning your letter about my winning in your competition two weeks at camp california two weeks at camp california in your competition . i'm very happy to be the winner of your competition . 
because i'm working in an accountant's office , i'm very busy . the only month i could go on holiday is july , when we haven't got a lot to do . 
moreover , concerning the accommodation , i would like to be in a tent , because i want to spend my holidays different than usually . and in my opinion , when you sleep in a tent , you have more from the nature and the adventure . 
i like a lot on your list of sports possibilities . however , i will choose swimming . i was a member of a swimming club for about 10 years . additionally i'm keen on taking pictures . but so far i have only taken pictures on holiday and of some family celebrations . 
lastly , i would like to ask if i have to take a lot of money with me , for the food for example , and also if the weather will be good at this time of year . 
i'm looking forward to hearing from you soon . 
yours sincerely
shopping is not always enjoyable . 
i would like to begin this composition by saying that shopping is not the same for everyone . for some people it's great fun , but for some others it's a " necessity " . 
in my opinion , shopping is like relaxing . i like to go very often , to look around and to buy some new clothes , as long as i am not searching for something specific . when i must buy something , i usually can't find it and then shopping becomes a nightmare . 
on the other hand , when you go shopping with someone else , and you both want to see and buy different things , it can also be boring . then it is perhaps better when you make an appointment in one hour and everybody does their shopping alone . 
to sum up , i would like to say that to have an exciting shopping trip , you sometimes have to plan it or just be in the right mood . 
dear mrs ryan , 
i'm writing to you to answer the letter in which , as you probably know , you congratulated me for having won first prize in your competition and tried to encourage me to travel to california and attend that camp . 
i'm going to give you all the information you need from me . 
i can only travel in july , because that is when i stop playing basketball to rest before starting the new season . i don't mind staying wherever you want me to . however , i prefer log cabins to tents . they're more comfortable . 
regarding the activities , i would love to play basketball . i'm used to playing it , and i'm quite a good player . the other activities don't appeal to me much , but i'm quite good at golf . i like surfing and playing tennis , and sports such as sailing and climbing . please , don't make me sing or paint , because i'm not very keen on it . 
there are there are no more questions . 
yours sincerely
dear kim , 
i'm writing to you to tell you how much i enjoyed last saturday . 
it was such a beautiful night ! unforgettable . 
i had always dreamt of being near " the cranberies " , but i had never thought that the dream could become reality . 
during the afternoon , tim and i spent the hours before the concert lying in the park next to the sports hall where the concert was to be held . 
at seven o'clock on the dot we went there to start queueing . we bought the tickets and then we sat down to rest . 
after a few minutes the dream happened: kare - the guitarist - appeared over there . at first we both thought we were dreaming but when we realised it was true we went there and asked him some questions . and then we brought carried his guitar for him . it was great to help him . 
finally he said how grateful he was and allowed us to stay with them till the concert started . 
that's all . 
i'm looking forward to hearing from you . 
aladdin
dear mrs ryan
i am writing in connection with the competition i entered a month ago . i received your letter , and i was delighted to know that i won it . as requested , below is some further information and some questions . 
i would be able to travel only after the end of my exams which are taking place in june . so , i think that july would suit me best . 
as far as accommodation is concerned , i would prefer to sleep in a tent . i have been travelling every summer since i was eighteen years of age and this type of accommodation is part of the ritual . 
i would enjoy very much very much enjoy playing tennis because it is a sport i love and i am really good at it . in addition i would love to attend the photography classes even though i have never tried to take a picture before . 
i hope i have given you all the information you needed . from my point of view , i would just like to know what sort of clothes i should bring with me and also how much money . 
thanking you in advance , i am looking forward to your prompt response to my questions . 
yours sincerely
dear kim
i got your letter yesterday and i was really glad to hear from you . . . it's been ages since you last wrote to me ! i've done so many things including i went to glastonbery ( as you know ) ! 
the festival lasted three days and i had the best fun of my life . i went as a volunteer in order to go for free . i had to help the green peace teams to recycle everything we could . 
there were more or less two hundred students doing the same job . our duty was to work eight hours each day and then we were free to enjoy the rest of the day as we liked . 
the accommodation and the food were part of the contract . . . everything free . they provided us with tents and also a vip pass in order to get food . 
oh my god ! ! ! it was the best experience you can imagine . i met lots of nice cool people , and what i most enjoyed was the crazy atmosphere of the whole thing . no matter how hard we had to work , everyone was always humour humorous funny and in a positive mood . 
so , i'll sign off now and i hope you'll write soon . 
lots of love
irene
dear sir/madam , 
i am very glad to hear from you that i have won the first prize . i appreciate all this . 
i am writing to you about my information which you need . firstly , i am afraid that i am available to travel only in july because it is difficult to get holiday from my work at the moment . 
i prefer staying in tents to log cabins because i have really been interested in making tents and staying in them . 
finally , if i have any chance to choose activities , i will choose basketball and sailing with no doubt because i would love to make friends through these kinds of sports . both could be exciting for me . 
i would like to know more about clothes and money . i have got no idea about them . i would be grateful if you could send me some information about them . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you in the near future . 
yours faithfully , 
kang off woo
dear kim , 
i am happy to write a letter to you . what i really want to tell you is about my recent experience . 
last month , i helped at a pop concert by chance . i have just worked as a normal worker but i have met so many famous singers who i always see on tv . of course , i could listen to all their music , which was so cool . after the concert i had an opportunity to join them at the party . the best thing was that i have learned how to take care of their expensive instruments and i have sung my favourite songs with them . 
in particular , mike , who is a member of metal potato told me i have got a talent for playing the electric guitar . it is impossible to explain all my experience without this word , " brilliant ! ! ! " . 
i would like to invite you to their next concert and share my experience with you . please let me know as soon as possible if you want to come . 
best wishes , 
kang off woo
dear sir or madam , 
firstly i would like to thank you for my prize . this trip pleases me because i've never been to the usa . 
secondly i am going to answer your questions . i can travel only in july because i study at an engineer's school in france and in summer we have our holidays from july . 
i prefer to stay in tents , where it is easier to meet other people than in log cabins . when i travel i don't often sleep in a hotel , i prefer tents and also i can meet people who live in the country . 
regarding the activities i would be very happy if i could play golf . this is a sport that i have always wanted to play but in france it is too expensive . so if i have this opportunity , i don't want to miss it . i would like to try photography too . there are so many monuments in california and so i will remember this holiday with my photographs . 
could you send me more information about what clothes to take with me ? finally i would like to ask you if i need any money , because you say all accommodation and travel costs are paid for . 
thank you for your answer . 
charles dumaux
hello kim , 
last month , i enjoyed helping at a pop concert . it was marvellous ! ! ! 
i was backstage , so i could speak with the singer before the concert . during half an hour he explained to me how he feels in france . 
i had to serve glasses of water to the group before and during the concert , so i had a lot of contact with them . they are very nice . after the concert , i went to eat with them in a restaurant near the stadium where they had played . 
what i particularly liked about this experience is that i saw that famous people are like us and have the same interests . 
i think that this experience is something that you have to live too . perhaps at the next concert we will go together . i will keep you informed about it . 
i hope you will answer my letter and tell me if you are interested in my proposition . i'm sending you with my letter a photo of the singer that he gave me . 
see you later . 
charles
dear helen ryan , 
thank you very much for your letter , which i received last week . i was delighted to hear that i won the prize of two weeks at camp california in the u . s . a . 
i will be able to travel in the first week of july 2000 , because my college will finish on 28 june 2000 . i needed 1 week to prepare everything i need to take with me . it said that about accommodation i would prefer to stay in tents rather than log cabins . staying in tents is more interesting than in log cabins and i always dreamed of sleeping in tents so my dream is coming true ! 
i am always interested in sport , so i am very happy to do sports activities , particularly basketball and tennis . when i was at secondary school i used to play for a school team and i am very good at them . the last reason is i love to watch basketball and my favourite team is chicago also my favourite player is michael jordan ! 
i would like to know more information about clothes and money . do i need to take any special clothes , such as warm clothes and jumpers . finally , how much money do i need to take with me ? are there any cash machines near where we are staying ? 
i would be very grateful if you could give me more details as soon as possible . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely , 
alak liyana
dear kim , 
how are you ? i haven't heard from you for such a long time . i hope everything is alright with you . sorry ! i haven't written to you for the last two months , because i have been very busy helping and organizing the pop concert which took place near my town . let me tell you more about what i did last month . 
i had a wonderful experience helping with the pop concert last month . my duty was to help them cook for all of them during the concert . as you know i'm very good at cooking and everybody loved my good i cooked ! secondly , i helped them to prepare the clothes and the costume costumes during the concert . although i never work have never worked with clothes and art before , i enjoyed it very much . 
what i liked most about my experience at the concert was the great atmosphere behind the stage and the live music , which made me feel great and happy . what's more , i had an opportunity to meet a singer who i love and i dream about . he also gave me his address and telephone number if i need help from him in the future . i'll show you when you come around to see me . 
anyway , i'd better go now . i have some homework that needs to be done . write to me soon when you have time . give my regards to our parents . take care ! 
best wishes , 
dear helen , 
i was very glad to receive this great news . i am very excited about it . i entered this competition because i have always wanted to do this kind of thing . 
in your letter you asked me when i would prefer to travel . i will be able to travel only in july because i have to work and i can take some days off in that month . 
if it is not a problem i would rather stay in a log cabin because i do not like sleeping on the floor much , but if you cannot put me there i will be fine anywhere . 
about the activities i have to choose i would like to tell you something . i am very good at tennis and photography but i would prefer to practise do new ones , if it is possible . i am keen on water and danger sports so i would choose climbing and surfing . i think it would be great if i learnt them while i am there . 
finally , i would like to ask you if there is any place where i can buy some souvenirs , if there is i will take some money with me , and i would be very grateful if you could send me a list of clothes . 
thank you for everything . i am looking forward to travelling . 
yours sincerely
every woman in the world likes the word shopping . it is as if they lose their conscience while they are shopping . 
you can go shopping alone , with friends or with your kids , but the best thing about it is that you feel that you have all the power while you are buying things . maybe it is not for you , maybe you are shopping for a present , but buying things , at least for me , is the best . 
but all this power and all this excitement could turn into something that you could start to hate . 
when you go shopping and there are a lot of people in the same place , all trying to find the best prices and not caring about anybody , this could drive crazy to anyone drive anyone crazy . 
the long queues , crowded places , high prices , sales , all these things combined could make shopping an enjoyable thing for people who like doing it . 
but my advice for people who like it so much that they cannot help doing it is to try shopping in the afternoon . at this time no-one does goes shopping and if there are some shops that are closed you can always go to a shopping mall . 
dear helen ryan , 
i am so glad that i have won this competition - two weeks at camp california in the u . s . a . i would like to travel in the middle of july because my summer holiday starts in the middle of july . is it possible to travel in july ? and also i like to camp in a tent , because it will be more interesting than log cabins . you need to do everything by yourself . 
taking photograph photographs during the holiday is a very good memory for me , and i can share my adventures with my friends . so while i am at the camp i want to take a lot of photography photographs and climb a mountain . fresh air , flowers and meeting some interesting people while you are climbing you have . by the way , i wonder if i need a lot of money and what kind of clothes i should bring . finally , thanks for giving me this opportunity . i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely
13/06/00
shopping is not always enjoyable
shopping sounds very enjoyable and is fantastic for women . you can find a lot of interesting things which were unexpected . some people enjoy window shopping , but some people enjoy spending their money on clothes or shoes . nowadays , in a family , shopping isn't a woman's job . 
on the other hand , after shopping you'll get tired and maybe you can't afford your credit card . for instance , you wanted to buy everything which you saw , and after that , you don't know how much you have spent . if you are going shopping someone can easily steal your wallet when you are looking at some interesting things . it would be really awful . 
however , shopping has pros and cons . it depends on personal taste . i enjoy shopping very much . it can help me know what's going on in the world . but it is a good idea to have a break during the shopping trip , then you won't feel so tired . 
dear mr. ryan , 
thank you very much for your letter concerning the competition . here is the information you require . 
firstly , i would like to travel in july , because it is the only month that i am free . 
secondly , i prefer cabins . the main reason is that i love wood . in addition , due to my height ( 185 cm ) , i think cabins may be a better choice . 
thirdly , from the activity list , i chose swimming and tennis as my favourite ones . although i have played tennis only twice , i really enjoyed it . in contrast to this , i could swim when i was six . furthermore , i once trained in a swimming centre , so i am quite confident as a swimmer . 
lastly , could you please tell me what kind of clothes and how much money i should take and do i have to buy insurance myself ? 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely , 
the aim of this report is to suggest lessons and some activities which should be filmed in the video about my school . 
in my opinion , maths , politics , chinese , english and painting lessons are the most interesting ones . they are also the lessons which english people and other foreigners are particularly curious about . 
as far as i know , english people are really surprised at the chinese students' advanced level in maths , as well as their knowledge of politics . this is a good opportunity to see how they learn in class . as it is expected , painting lesson is an amazing one . you can find students using traditional chinese ink to draw and write . 
as well as these lessons , there are all kinds of activities such as sports meetings , racing competitions , and countryside activities . some are held once a year and some are held every term . you will experience a different life in them . 
in conclusion , besides all that i mentioned , i highly recommend you video the students' daily life and interview them . that will make it definitely definitely make it a successful video . 
13th june 2000
dear miss helen ryan , 
i am really glad receiving to receive the first prize in your competition . it will be very pleasant joining the holiday . 
regarding your first question , i would like to travel only in july because it is my school holiday so i would not miss any classes . 
i rather prefer to stay in tents because i like to stay as close as possible to nature ; it makes me feel better . 
as regards activities i would choose singing and surfing . surfing because it is my favourite sport . i have been surfing since i was a child so i am pretty good at it . and singing because i really love it . i am not as good at singing as i am at surfing but i like doing it . 
i would like to ask about some things which might be necessary for me to take with me , like what kind of clothes should i take , should i take my own surfboard , and what about money , should i bring some with me ? 
i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely
13th june 2000
dear kin , 
as you know , i had a great experience last month giving a helping hand to the band called ramones . 
it was a breeze to help them and was very cool as well ; those guys really know how to play rock . 
i only had to stay behind the drummer supplying them with water whenever they wanted . 
when the band had just started to play , lots of girls started to jump the fence getting very close to them . some of the girls started to take their clothes off , which was the best part for me , but some of the security went there and took them away . 
afterwards , the ramones had a short break and when they came back from their break they just went off ! 
i had a really nice time with them even though i would've preferred to stay at the front with the other people , but anyway it was a great experience for me , i hope to be able to help them next year . 
i hope you've enjoyed my experience , and i hope to hear from you soon . 
see yah mate
dear helen ryan , 
i received your letter and would be glad to spend two weeks at camp california in the u . s . a . but i will only be able to go in july because in june i will be in austria with a friend and for august i have rented an apartment with my family . 
i would rather be accommodated in a tent because i already have the necessary equipment for camping . while i am at the camp i would like to play tennis and do photography . i play tennis very well since i have played it since i was a child but i am a novice at photography and i would like to try it as i have always been interested in it . 
i would like to ask you a few questions:
what kind of clothes should i bring ? 
will you provide clothes for the activities ? 
how much money should i bring there ? 
faithfully yours , 
pascal fritz
although many people enjoy shopping , shopping is not always enjoyable . you can come across a very disagreeable seller shop assistant and if you find what you wanted , you will not want to pay him or her for it . 
sometimes the assistant might even ignore you as he or she is talking to another seller assistant . 
for example , you walk into a shoe store . two assistants are talking and , although they saw you enter , they continue their discussion so you have to interrupt them . then , one of them serves you but half listens to you because he or she is still talking to the other seller assistant . there is nothing more disagreeable than that . 
also , when you find a nice seller assistant and he shows you lots of objects , then you don't find what you want , you feel sad for him or her because you made him or her waste his or her time , so you feel obliged to buy something . all this is to say that shopping may seem enjoyable but often is not . 
to competition organiser
helen ryan
thank you for choosing me in your competition for first prize . i feel very happy and i must answer immediately to your letter answer your letter immediately . 
i would like to travel only in july , because i will have a holiday at that time . i'm always having holidays in july . it is my favourite time for holidays . 
for accommodation at camp california i prefer tents , because i used to stay in tents when on holiday . i like it . 
from the activities which you offer me i choose swimming and tennis . i am very good at swimming . i have done this sport since i was a child and i really enjoy it . i'm not so good at tennis but i would like to play it to get some practice . also i find that this sport is very useful good for my health and makes me feel better . it is all about me . 
i would like to ask you something . 
first , what kind of clothes do i need to take with me , because i don't know anything about the weather in california , and at tend how much money will i need ? 
yours sincerely
shopping is not always enjoyable . 
some people like to go shopping . i hate it . i have never liked shopping . it has always been a problem for me . 
i don't like to have many things in my house . i don't like to have many clothes and shoes , and i don't know what else . just the necessary . 
i think the people who enjoy shopping are greedy for materialistic things and they haven't any interests in the spirit ( ? ) , in the intellect intellectual life . they are losing wasting time in their life for nothing . in my opinion we must spend more time on more interesting things than shopping , like sport , reading , chatting about ideas which make our lives better . we must do something to help other people to feel better and be useful . 
dear ms ryan , 
i am very happy to have won the first prize in your competition . it is a wonderful surprise . 
i can go to camp california only in july , because i have school in june and i must work in my father's bookshop in august . 
at the camp i want to stay in a log cabin . i do not like tents; one can find insects in them and they are not as comfortable as log cabins . 
for the two activities i can choose , i would like to play tennis: i have some experience of this sport , because i played tennis for seven years and it is still my favourite activity . i would try to do some painting , too , but i have never painted . 
i would like to know what sort of clothes i have to take ( if it is going to be rainy or sunny ) and how much money i must have with me . could you tell me what sort of equipment i will have to bring to do the activities ? 
yours sincerely
odette douai luna
dear kim , 
do you know , last week i went to a pop concert to help my uncle , who is the director of the stadium of lugano . it was very interesting , because i did different things . i cooked a meal for the artists , i spoke with the bruce springsteen's manager and i helped a technician to install his equipment : the lights . 
the best part of the day was after the concert , when i met the group " u2 " . i was very excited , because this is my favourite group: i'm always listening to their songs . i took some photographs and i'll show them to you when you come next week
i talked with santana , the best guitarist in the world , too . he's quite old , but very attractive . i would like to play guitar like him . 
what a great day it was . the next concert is on 19th june and i will be there . 
see you soon . 
yours
odette
dear sir or madam , 
i am delighted to receive your letter saying that i have won a two-week holiday in your recent competition and it will all be paid for in advance . i am writing this letter so as to give you the information which will help you to organize all the necessary details of the forthcoming holiday . 
i would be grateful if you could arrange a date after the 20th of july , due to problems beyond my control . otherwise i will not be able to travel abroad . 
i would rather stay in one of the log cabins as i am allergic to many plants and insects and i should avoid coming into contact with them . 
it is wonderful to hear that there is a good variety of activities available at the camp . as i am very interested in photography and swimming i am hoping to take part in those activities . i came second in last year's swimming competition and i have enrolled in photography classes . on the camp i can practise them a lot . 
i was wondering if i need to bring some extra money and thick clothes with me in case there is an emergency . could you please let me know as soon as you receive my letter ? 
yours faithfully
dear kim , 
i am terribly sorry not to drop you a line since the last time we wrote to one another . but i have finally got around to writing and you'll see that it's definitely it's definitely been worth waiting for as i have some great and unbelievable news to tell you . 
as you know i'm on half-term school holiday and have plenty of time to do many more things apart from studying my a-level history , such as meeting up with my friends , visiting interesting places or even going to the cinema on my own . 
however , this term has been a far cry from the others . you will see why i'm describing it as the most unforgettable one when you read through my letter . 
a couple of days ago i bumped into my best friend , who is into music , and we started to have a chat about what we had both been doing . she invited me to the rehearsal of a huge concert by a singer who is a well-known pop star as well as my favourite . can you believe that i was introduced to him and i took numerous photographs , some of which i put in the envelope . it was like a dream come true , and was the best part of the experience in my opinion . i helped out my friend by writing huge billboards and making some light refreshments . despite the fact that i felt exhausted i must admit that it was one of the days i will never forget throughout my whole life
write to me soon . 
yours sincerely , 
dear helene ryan , 
i have just received your letter and i am glad to know that i have won first prize in your competition . now , i am writing to you to ask for some details about these two weeks at camp california and to give you some answers to your questions . 
first of all , i would like to know if you have some vacancies in july because it is the only month where i am on holiday . regarding the accommodation , i would prefer staying in a tent as i used to during summer holidays when i was a child . furthermore , you asked me to choose two activities i would like to do . firstly , i will be happy to play tennis because i used to do this sport with my village club for five years and won a few competitions . secondly , i am very interested in photography because my father is a photographer and we are used to spending time together . we had a lot of fun during our last holiday and we took a lot of pictures . as instructions about clothes and money were not included in your letter , i request about it and ask you to include in it . 
thank you very much . i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely , 
a lot of people like shopping but most of them might tell you that sometimes it is not enjoyable . and nowadays people must go shopping whether they like it or not . 
for people who are used to shopping , going in big stores , i think they like it and it they are always looking for fashionable clothes . but when these stores are full of people , crowded , like during the sales , i am sure that the same people who like shopping may think it boring . 
in my opinion , people have to go shopping even though they don't like it very much . if these people have children , they must buy some food to feed them even if the supermarket is full of people . and now for them shopping can be considered like a contrariety . 
dear helen ryan , 
i am writing this letter to tell you the information you need and to ask you one or two questions . 
i would like to come in july because i work for a big company where you have to take your holiday in that month . 
for the accommodation at camp california , i would prefer to have a log cabin because i think it is more comfortable than a tent , and in case there is a big storm with heavy rain . it's . a log cabin's more resistant than a tent . 
for the activities , i chose climbing because i took a course for 2 weeks last year and now i have a good level of proficiency . for the other one i chose photography but i am not a professional , i just take some pictures on my holiday ! 
i have a little question . could you tell me how much money i need to take with me , and what kind of clothes ? 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely
dear kim , 
i'm writing this letter to tell you about my good experience at a pop concert , last month . 
when i arrived , i was a bit afraid because i did not know what i had to do , but a very nice girl told me that my first job was to look for people who felt bad and to guide them to the nurse . i did that for two hours . this first job was sometimes a bit boring but i felt like someone who saves people , so i was really happy ! 
my second job was to take the money from the bars and to take it to a little room where i could see the pop stars walking in the corridor . i was very excited when i could see a star ! next weekend i have a date with one of them , but i won't tell you the name because you'll feel jealous ! maybe i will tell you in the next letter ! 
see you soon
best wishes
dear mrs . helen ryan , 
i'm writing about the competition you organised . i have just received a letter from you where you say i won the first prize in you competition . i'm very glad about that and i also want to ask you a few questions . 
i can only travel to california this july because then i will be on my winter holidays . before and after this period is impossible for me: i have classes and i also have to work . 
about the accommodation , i prefer to stay in tents . i have always dreamed about going camping and staying in a tent . now my dream will finally come true . i think this way is better to keep in touch with nature . 
i would like to do photography and swimming . i love to take photos but i don't have any technique . i would like to learn more about it . i have always swum and i can say i'm good at it . 
i would like to know what kind of clothes i will need to take , if it's cold out there and about the money . how much money do you think i have to take to buy food and anything else i will need ? do you have any idea about how much we spend per day ? 
i'm looking forward to hearing from you , 
yours sincerely , 
raquel soares
shopping is not always enjoyable
we can hear many people saying that when they are upset or stressed they like to go shopping . it is a kind of relief for them . 
of course it is good to buy things for ourselves , like clothes , jewellery , anything . especially if we don't have to worry about money . it's good to walk around looking at all the new things in the stores . 
but , sometimes , going shopping can have other effects on you . it can stress you . for example , when the place is crowded and noisy and you can't even move easily to look around . when you can't find what you are looking for anywhere . when you buy something you were looking for a long time and , when you arrive at home , you discover some defect on it and have to go back to the store to complain . it is just terrible when the assistants don't treat us well . sometimes we just give up and never come back to that store . and , a really bad thing is , after buying everything you wanted and feeling very happy with all that , you realize that you spent more money than you should have . . . 
so , after all this , i suggest that before you decide to go shopping to feel better you should think of all the problems you may have while you are shopping or the big headache you can have after it . it would probably be better if you just went shopping when you really needed and , to relax , you can talk to a friend , read a book or listen to good music . 
remember: going shopping is not always the best choice . it can be very unpleasant sometimes . 
satomi fukao
12 dover street
as3 7gh , london
13 , jun , 2000
mrs . helen ryan
competition organiser
dear madam
i have received the letter which tells me that i have won first prize in your competition . i am going to write about the information which you want to know . 
first , i would like to travel in july only , because i have got a job and july is the only time i can have a vacation . 
secondly , i would like to choose a tent for accommodation , because i have never spent time in a tent , that's why , i think it is a good opportunity for me . 
i would like to choose swimming and photography as activities . i have plenty of experience and knowledge of both aspect of part . 
lastly , i would like to ask you two questions . one of them is what kind of clothes are suitable on this camp . another one is how much money i have to bring . 
i would be grateful if you could inform me . 
yours sincerely yours faithfully 
hi ! how are you doing ? i had a wonderful time last month . i helped at a pop concert as a volunteer . my jobs were collecting tickets , selling goods and refreshments , guiding people to the right seat and cleaning up the concert hall after finished the concert the concert finished . i wasn't allowed to help do heavy work , even though i wanted to , because i'm a woman . what i particularly liked about the experience was the concert was achieved through our support . it seemed that all people , the audience , the band and the staff were delightful . if i have the chance , i want to help at a concert again . i have never felt such satisfaction . i really recommend you to help them , i think this is a good opportunity and i want you to understand my feeling well . i've got lots of things about the concert to talk to you about . i want to know your opinion . 
if you have time , drop me a line , please . 
bye
dear mr. ryan , 
i am writing to thank you for sending me all the details about my prize and i'd like to give you all the information about the journey will be done by myself . 
i would like to travel at the beginning of the month , which could be between the first and the fifteenth of july , because afterwards i have several business meetings and it would be difficult for me to take a trip . 
regarding accommodation , i'd prefer to stay in a log cabin . although i like camping and sharing with different kinds of people , i'd prefer a comfortable and private place ( if it's possible ) where i can sleep , or be quiet . . i am not a teenager ! 
really , this prize is wonderful to have a healthy life . i want to do two activities : painting and tennis . the first one is for my mental health . i need a break from my lifestyle . the second one is just because i'm a fan of that sport ( really i'm not martine hingis ) . 
eventually , i'd like to request some special food , because i'm a vegetarian , besides i try to eat just organic food . 
i hope my reply has been helpful . 
yours sincerely , 
dear kim , 
how are you doing ? it has been a long time since the last time i wrote to you . . . i'm sorry . however , the reason is absolutely amazing . i was training to be a personal assistant to madonna herself . maybe you don't believe me , but it's true . 
i applied for the job and she selected me from hundreds of candidates ( i don't receive any salary ) . my job is to help her during each concert . you know she has a brilliant act where she must change her costumes , make-up , the scenery , every time ; so she needs a lot of people near . 
my first job was at the hillsborough concert ( i think you heard about it ) . i was running the whole show . my responsibility was to dress her . i wasn't alone . i worked with a staff of ten people . we had to take some clothes off her and then to put on other ones completely different completely different ones in just a few minutes ( similar to formula one ) . 
i was exhausted when the concert finished . anyway it has been one of my best experiences and i'll remember it for ever . 
finally , i send you all my positive energy and i am looking forward to receiving your reply . 
all the best . 
13 . 06 . 2000
dear mrs ryan
thank you very much for your letter . you would like to have some further information from me . i am writing to answer your letter . 
i would like to travel only in july because i am working in a bank and i can only go on holiday in july . 
i would prefer to stay in a tent because i used to go camping and stay in a tent . therefore i would like to try some kind of experience . 
i am interested in tennis but i am not so good a tennis player . however , i would like to attend tennis activity . in addition swimming would be a good activity for me . while i was studying at the high school and the university , i was in the swimming team . 
i would like to ask you about clothes and money . could you tell me what kind of clothes i should bring ? when i go there , can i use a credit card or should i have cash ? 
i look forward to your answer . 
yours sincerely , 
i think all people like shopping . when you ask some people to express their opinions about shopping they might tell you they don't like shopping but i don't suppose it is true . for example , when someone asked me about shopping i would say that i didn't like it . however , now if someone asks me the same question my answer will be , " yes , i like it " . when people hear this word shopping they only think about going to some stores and trying on new clothes or shoes and searching for their size and so on . they don't think about other kinds of shopping which are liked by themselves . maybe they like shopping on the internet or window shopping ; it doesn't matter what kind of shopping they like . there are a lot of shopping styles in the world . i am sure everybody prefers likes one of them . 
in my opinion , even though people say shopping is not always enjoyable , there is always some fun you can have . you only need to discover what you like , and how you can have fun with shopping . 
dear sir or madam , 
i'm so glad to get the news i've won the prize . many thanks for giving me a chance to stay at the camp california in the u . s . a . 
i think i could leave for the camp in july . because i'm supposed to attend an english course in weymouth , england until june and then i'm going to travel in europe with my sister who came from my country 4 weeks ago for this trip . we are planning to spend 2 weeks travelling . so i can go to the camp in the middle of july . 
and i'd like to stay in a log cabin . i've had unpleasant experiences on my last holidays when i had to stay in a tent . in addition , as i haven't stayed in a cabin , i look forward to staying in a cabin . 
most of all , i'm so happy that i could choose some activities . i'd like to practise golf and tennis . both of them are my favourite sports and i'm quite good . 
i think i should ask you about something more . how's the weather there ? what kind of clothes do i have to bring and how much money will i need ? could you tell me about them ? 
i would be grateful if you could send me further information . i'll look forward to your reply . 
yours faithfully 
when i was asked what i do in my free time , i've never hesitated to say , " i enjoy going shopping . " 
i'm very extroverted . so i like spend my energy doing sports or some kinds of energetic activity . i thought going shopping was suitable for me . especially when i visit somewhere for the first time or i have nothing to do , but lots of time , i naturally and automatically look for a decent shopping centre . 
but nowadays i find shopping is not always enjoyable . 
since i started living in england , i've worked two part time jobs as a cleaner . i can't make enough money for my living expenses . i have to control my expenses on the budget . it's not easy for me , as i used to depend on my parents before i came here . 
anyway , i must check and even compare the prices of different supermarkets . 
what makes me desperate is a nice summer dress i've found in a department store . i really wanted to buy it , but i couldn't afford to buy it . 
i realised that shopping is not always enjoyable . 
austria , 13th june 2000
dear mrs . ryan , 
i refer to your letter in which you informed me that i have won the first prize in the competition . you asked me for some further information and here are my " desires " :
i would like to travel only in july because in august i have to study for an exam . further i would prefer to stay in a tent at the camp , because i am already used to that , because i often spend my holidays in tents . i would like to do painting , because one of my greatest hobbies is silk painting and so i think i can improve my abilities . the second activity which i choose is playing basketball , because i love this wonderful sport . we always play it at school and i am very good at it . i am in our school basketball team . 
i hope that you are now well informed and i would like to ask you what clothes and how much money i should bring with me . 
thank you very much . i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely
austria , 13th june 200
dear kim , 
i hope you are fine . you know , last month i helped at a pop concert and i am sure you want to know some details . 
my first task was to open the doors to let in all the britney spears fans . i stood at the entrance and there i had to check the tickets . two girls came together and they wanted to go in with only one ticket for both of them ! i had to tell one of them that she had to leave . she started crying . such a poor girl ! at that moment i didn't like my position . 
my second task was to look in all the fans' bags to confiscate " dangerous " items . i saw really funny things like toothbrushes in the bags . this part of my work was really funny and i enjoyed it . 
summing up , i can say that it was a fantastic day , because britney sang so beautifully and the performance was also super . 
i hope you can imagine what a wonderful day it was for me . 
yours
dear ms helen ryan , 
i am writing to you answer to answer the questions in your letter . 
i was glad to hear the news from you and thank you very much ! when you mentioned the period of my travelling i'm afraid i am only free in july , because i go on holiday in july , naturally , and i have two terms in june and august . therefore , i hope that you can agree to a suitable argument arrangement between you and me . furthermore , i would like to stay in log cabins , which i feel are a more american style of accommodation . in addition , it should not be too hot inside during july . 
if i get two choices , i would like to go swimming and take photographs . because i grew up in a hometown town that is a seaside city , i started training in 1996 , and i have never given it up . especially in particular , it was really good for my health during the growth period . photography is my hobby . i can remember that i used to take photographs of the exhibitions or during the holidays . it will be nice for my memories when i am older . in addition , it could show people how nice the places i have been are and the views i have got . therefore , i would like to do those two activities . 
finally , i would like to know about the weather in california . do i need to take very many clothes ? could you tell me the amount of money i should have during the holiday ? 
i look forward to hearing from you ! 
yours sincerely
she dunes
shopping is not always enjoyable
shopping is concerned that people exchange from money to their demands . there are more and more retailers opening . therefore , people usually go shopping weekly or monthly . 
in my opinion , women really enjoy shopping . it seems a human activity during their spare time . however , we are going to change from the traditional system to " e-shopping " . it is new for customers with . with technology they can switch on the computer and click everything they want . therefore , it looks like a service and is also boring for the customer . i think most men dislike shopping . they are always waiting for a long time for women to finish their shopping . 
i believe that most busy people want to go shopping the quick and easy way , because they don't like waiting for payment and wasting time . therefore , they would like to use " e-shopping " , which is getting better for their time . 
the lifestyle has changed already from the past . shopping is a common activity in their life . we must focus on the specific lifestyle , which will make us happy . 
in conclusion , i believe that shopping only wastes time . and you couldn't get back any more . 
dear sir/madam:
thank you for telling me that i have won the first prize and now i am writing to give you the information you have requested . 
first of all , i think i would like to travel in july , which will be the only month when i will be able to go , because my course won't finish until the end of june , and i will have to stay in the college to get ready for the new term . 
then i'd like to choose the tents for my accommodation when at camp california . i think sleeping in a tent is more fun than other . also , during my stay at camp , there are two activities i can choose , for . for one of them i will choose basketball because it is the sport i play most . i and my friend used to win the first place in the school-wide match when we were at school . and for the other one , i think painting will be a good idea; painting is one of my hobbies and i've been studying it since i was 5 years old and now i'm still doing it when i have some free time . 
above is all the information you asked for . however , there are some thing some things i'd like to know; the first is about the clothes . what kind of clothes do i need to take with me ? and another question is what are the prices of things like there , which i want to know so that i can make a better budget for my trip . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely
dear kim:
thanks for your last letter; i knew you would be interested in my experience of helping at the pop concert last time . now i will tell you about it . 
the place where we worked was a football pitch; we spent 3 days setting up the stage , the equipment , and the lights . in fact , there was nothing very important i did , because we were not the right people to do it . i only put the speakers in the right places , or helped the engineers test the lights . 
but in the breaks and after work , i had a chance to talk with the engineers , and i learnt something about setting up the equipment . 
the fourth day , the singers and the musicians were there to test . then i had a chance to speak with them . from that , i learnt more about the instruments . 
finally , the day of the concert came . after the concert finished successfully , i was happier than ever because the success included my work and that was the most enjoyable moment in my life . 
anyway , now i have to stop to finish my homework . i'm looking forward to receiving your letter again . 
best wishes . 
dear helen ryan
i am replying in response of the competition i won . as you asked in the letter , i will write everything i need to know about the trip . 
first of all , i would like to travel in july , because , during the other months , i will be studying , preparing myself for exams or i will be away travelling somewhere else with my relatives . 
i have been thinking and i decided i would prefer to stay in a tent , simply because it's a new experience and i would like to try everything new . also , it seems more dangerous . regarding the two activities i have to choose , i decided to choose a new activity that i have never done before , which is sailing . i am a total beginner at this . the other activity is photography . i am not an expert , but i know how to use a camera . all i want is to improve my knowledge . 
finally , i need to know what kind of clothes and how many clothes i should pack . is there any place where i can wash my clothes ? i also need some information about the money i should take . do you have any kind of souvenirs that i can buy ? do i need to take any money at all ? 
i will be waiting for a reply . 
yours sincerely , 
sara todi
dear kim , 
i'm sorry it took so long for me to answer your letter , but i've been too busy with my school , papers and everything . but now i have found some time to tell you everything about the pop concert i helped . 
there were about a hundred people that wanted to help , but only two would be chosen . when they said my name , i couldn't believe it ! all i could think was " oh my god , i'm gonna be talking with and helping the most famous pop bands ! " i was so excited that i couldn't believe it . 
when i arrived to help them , they welcomed me and were so nice to me that it seemed we had known each other for ages ! they weren't the kind of people that think they're gods . 
i helped them with organizing the stage , cleaning everything , fixing what was broken and they even let me play with their guitars ! that was so great ! 
i don't know exactly how i felt . sometimes i wake up and think it was nothing but a dream . i hope you liked everything i said and i hope you reply as soon as possible . 
best wishes , 
sara
dear ms helen ryan , 
i am very pleased about the prize i just won in your competition . thank you for choosing me . here is some further information about myself and a few enquiries . 
first of all , i am sorry to say that i can only travel in july . as my family's new restaurant is about to open in august , i need to help with the restaurant , which is expected to be rather busy . 
secondly , i would like to sleep in log cabins while i am staying at the camp . i had a bad experience last time i stayed in a tent . i was terribly attacked by a bear and it still gives me nightmares ! 
as for selecting two activities , basketball and surfing are definitely on my list . i spend one third of my spare time playing basketball . as a result , i have an important position in our local basketball team . surfing was a new sport to me which i took up recently . it is really fascinating to challenge the waves . i wish i could learn to be better so that i could enjoy it more in the future . 
also , what kind of clothes shall i bring with me ? how much money is it appropriate to bring ? 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely
dear kim , 
i really wish you had been there with me on one of the exciting nights in my life . now i can't wait to tell you every detail . are you ready ? 
it was a pop concert by steps in the m . e . n arena . and i was initially employed to be an entrance assistant whose job was to keep the queue under control as well as keeping the area clean . 
a few minutes after the concert began , a backstage assistant called in sick who was responsible for checking whether everything was going well according to the timetable . if something comes up , she should inform the other staff . i was then taken on to cover her job . i couldn't find my feet at first as i was so nervous . i was given lots of paper with many different times on it . i did manage to " study " them though , thanks to the other staff . they were very helpful and nice . they patiently explained to me my job even though they were fairly busy themselves . then i found it was not as complicated as i thought at first . and i guess i did a good job as everything was going quite well . 
i saw all the members of the band backstage , how they changed their make-up , hairstyle etc . they were even making jokes with me and other staff . i was impressed when they kept saying " thank you " to the staff . indeed , they cannot succeed without their help , can they ? i was lucky to have this chance and able to learn how they work behind the scenes . all in all , it was a once-in-a-lifetime experience . 
yours , 
dear madam , 
i am very happy to hear that i've won first prize in your competition . below i provide you with the information that you asked me for . i would like to travel in july . i already have plans for my holiday and july suits me the best . as for accommodation , i would prefer log cabins , because i believe they are more comfortable than tents . 
the activities i would like to do during my stay are golf and surfing . 
i have never tried those sports , because they are quite expensive . 
i have two questions . could you tell me what the weather conditions in california are at that time of year , because i want to know what clothes to take . am i supposed to take an outfit for sports as well ? 
the other question is about money . will i be given any pocket-money or do i need to bring my own money to cover additional expenses ? 
yours sincerely
adalbert turnau
first i would like to say that making a video about daily life at our school is a great idea . some people may think that school is boring and nothing interesting ever happens there . i hope that after seeing this video most people will change their view on that topic . to make that happen , we have to find some interesting activities to film . 
below are my suggestions for what should be filmed . 
the first thing to be filmed is our english lesson , because our teacher mr. s . has a lot of weird ideas and we could get a lot of fun moments on tape . the chemistry lesson should be filmed because we do a lot of interesting experiments there . the computer class could be also there , because programming and internet surfing are quite interesting . 
as for other activities , there is a jiu-jitsu class after regular lessons . martial arts are really exciting and are a great thing to film . 
dear sir or madam , 
i am writing to give you information about myself . 
even though i would like to travel , i am only available in july , because i am a high school student . thus i have not got a long holiday . i just have one month . personally , i would rather stay in log cabins than in tents . on account of the fact that staying in log cabins is much more interesting than staying in tents . as far as two activities are concerned , i would choose singing and photography . i used to win a number of competitions in singing . i can sing plenty of songs , which include english songs and the japanese japanese songs , and i have a part-time job singing at a restaurant . although photography is not as good as singing , i am very interested in it . i have been studying photography since i was 15 years old . i got third prize in a competition last year and my level is professional now . furthermore , i am going to enter a competition next year . 
i would like to ask for some information about what kind of clothes i have to wear and how much you charge . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours faithfully , 
shopping is not always enjoyable . sometimes there is a long queue or a machine is broken . a lot of circumstances will arise . 
i had an unpleasant experience . it was at lunchtime . everybody was had gone to buy lunch in the supermarket . in fact , nobody likes crowds and queues , especially not in the summertime . i was queue queuing in the middle of row . i chose this aisle because i thought it was quicker than the others . although there were finished two people , next was me , something was happened . suddenly the customer thought the receipt was not true right . she did not buy a lot of things but the shop assistant did not make a mistake . they argued about this thing . the shop manager came to solve it . obviously , i had to try another aisle . it was the longest queue i have ever been in . 
shopping is enjoyable , if you are lucky . even though i think most of the time it is very interesting , sometimes it makes gets people upset . 
dear helen ryan , 
i am glad that i have won first prize in your competition . i was very surprised to win . you ask me in your letter when i would like to travel . the answer is the following one: i can only travel in july because i have to work all august . i can take holidays only in the month of july . you ask me if i prefer to sleep in tents or log cabins . i prefer the tents because i never use this kind of accommodation . i have chosen the two following activities . the first one is tennis and the second one is sailing . i have been playing tennis for many years . i have even entered competitions . i like this game a lot . i have chosen sailing because i would like to try a new sport . i love water but i have never tried this sport before . 
i would like to ask you two questions . how much money do i have to take with me for these two weeks and what kind of clothes do i have to bring with me ? i'll be very happy to see you soon . 
yours sincerely . 
yves duteil
shopping is not always enjoyable . 
shopping is not always enjoyable because of different problems . 
the first thing is the location of the shops . sometimes you have to go far away from home to do your shopping and it takes a lot of time . the second thing is that you need to go shopping when the supermarkets are open . many people work late and they do not have enough time to go shopping . the third thing is the crowds . everybody does their shopping at the same time and often in the same place . it is almost a battle to buy different things and to pay for those things . people are often irritable and aggressive . sometimes you can see fights between two men or women . 
there is one more thing . when you are a man and your wife asks you to go shopping , be patient ! because women love shopping and you have to follow them everywhere and always give your opinion about clothes , music , perfumes . . . 
dear helen ryan:
i am writing to give you the information that was asked requested in the letter you sent me . 
firstly , the best date for me to travel will be in the second week of july because i will be very busy at any other time for work reasons . 
secondly i would prefer sleeping in a log cabin because i would feel much more comfortable . one reason is the cold , and the other is that i cannot sleep on the floor because i have problems with my back . 
finally , the two activities i would like to do while i am camping are singing and basketball . the first one because i think i am good at it and also i love singing loudly with other people . the last one i have never tried but i think i could play it well because i am very tall and that could make things easier . 
i would like to know if i must take some money and what kind of clothes i will need . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely 
dear kim:
i'm very sorry i haven't written to you for such a long time but i had to make a trip to my parents' house because my mother had an operation ; don't worry , she is all right now . 
last month i went to help at a pop concert where rolling stones were playing . it was a wonderful experience but at the same time i had to work very hard . the things i did were: preparing preparing and controlling checking the equipment , i had to clean all the stadium , making sure that all the lights were in perfect working order , that the singers were comfortable and relaxed , etc . 
the most exciting thing was talking with the band , asking them questions and of course listening to the music and enjoying the incredible show . 
it was the most exciting experience i've ever had in my life . 
best wishes . 
dear helen ryan , 
it would be a great pleasure to spend two weeks at camp california and i can't find any suitable words to express my enthusiasm . first of all , as a reply to your letter , i'd like to say , that i can only go on this camp in july because i have a full-time job and it is essential not to leave it for a long time . in july i can make an exception . with regards accommodation i would prefer log cabins , as they are more comfortable and i like convenience . as for the list of activities , i choose climbing and surfing . i like new challenges , even when i've never done them before , and i'm really looking forward to gaining this new kind of experience . if you don't mind i would like to ask you some vital questions . do i have to take warm clothes ? how much money would you recommend me to take ? 
i would appreciate it if you sent me a reply to my questions as soon as possible
yours faithfully
tadeusz ochman
, , shopping is not always enjoyable " . from my point of view it is a very controversial issue , and we can't just easily claim whether it is enjoyable or not . it only depends on the person who is actually doing it and some convenient circumstances like a huge amount of money in our bank account . some people don't like doing shopping at all and they can well explain to everyone why it isn't enjoyable . luckily , i'm one of these people . first of all , shopping is a waste of time . people just run from one shop to another and they just can't decide what to buy . during the rush hour , shopping is almost impossible due to big queues in every single shop in the nearby area . i just can't understand people who , with a smile on their faces , spend their last money on unnecessary but expensive things . they are ready to sacrifice all their savings to get something that will make their neighbour jealous . 
so , as a conclusion , i might say that shopping isn't enjoyable at all and i'd rather stay at home instead . 
dear helen ryan , 
i have just received your letter of congratulations and i am writing to you in order to provide you with information you need . 
first of all , i would like to start with the time of the trip . i would prefer to go to the camp in july . the reasons for my choice are that i am having my graduation exams in june and my entrance exams in august . 
as regards accommodation , i would choose to stay in tents . that is because i am keen on hitchhiking and i am used to living in tents . it is quite romantic , i think . 
as to the activities offered , i would love to go in for swimming and photography while camping , although i am not very good at the last one . actually , i would like to take up photography as a hobby and if you can provide me with an opportunity to study in this area , i will accept it with pleasure . as regards swimming , it is my passion from childhood and i have been going in for this kind of sport for five years now . 
in conclusion finally , i would like to ask you if you could send me some additional information . i wonder what kind of clothes i should take with me . i don't know much about the weather down there , in california , so i am rather puzzled about what to wear there . also , i would like to know how much money i will need and which expenses i will have to cover myself . 
i look forward to hearing from you soon . 
yours sincerely
xava surganova
subject: to suggest what should be filmed for a short video about the daily life of our school . 
introduction . 
the aim of this report is to find out what are the most important things people should see when watching the short video film about the daily routine of our school . 
the area around the school:
i have conducted a little survey on the subject of my report and i have elucidated discovered that most of the pupils of our school think that the region and the area around school should be filmed first . personally i agree with their opinion and think that it will be interesting for viewers to learn about the surroundings of the school . we should film our gardens around the school and the pitch with the courts for volleyball and tennis at the back of the school in the very beginning . 
classrooms , lessons and breaks . 
the next things to be shot , according to the majority of students , should be the teaching process and the breaks . obviously it will be interesting to find out what methods are used by our teachers to help pupils understand their subject better . here i should also mention the decor of our classrooms and the atmosphere in them . people should see all the renovations that have been done during the last few years and all the modern conveniences that were installed for both students and teachers . 
and as regards breaks , students consider them to be a very important part of school life , despite all the mess and noise . 
outdoor activities
and the last but not least thing we should include in the film are the outdoor activities , which our students are provided with in our school . we can make some short shots about the school theatre and its events and also about the sport clubs sports clubs and their competitions and awards . 
conclusion
in the conclusion of my report i would like to say that the suggestions were made according to the survey conducted among the students of our school . i hope you will consider this information . 
dear miss ryan , 
i have safely received your letter bringing the good news . i wish that i could describe how ecstatic i felt when i found out that i won the competition . here i enclose some information which you requested in the letter i received . 
i think that the best and most convenient time for me to travel would be in july . this is because it falls on my semester holidays and it is also summer in america . this trip will give me a chance to relax during my holidays , as well as allowing me to gain valuable knowledge and experience . 
between the tent and log cabin , i think that i would prefer the tent . it will let me get up close to nature , and experience life in the wild . living in a tent will also enhance my survival skills , making this a trip to remember . 
camp california certainly has plenty of activities to do . however , among all of them i like swimming and tennis the best . i have a lot of experience with swimming and have represented my school before . as for tennis , i find it very enjoyable and have gone for proper lessons . 
last but not least , i wonder if you could inform me of the clothes i should bring to america . as i have not been there before , i am rather unsure of what to wear . i am also trying to decide on the amount of money i should bring . will i be going out much , or just staying in camp california all the time ? 
i hope that i haven't taken up too much time . thank you for this exciting news . i can't wait to go on this adventure of a lifetime ! 
yours sincerely , 
( au kwan ming ) 
dear kim , 
how are you in london ? i hope the weather is holding up . i hear that it can be terrible at times . guess what ? last month , i got to help out at a pop concert . it was a fantastic experience . 
the concert was held in our school hall . all the students had to help to brighten up the place , and boy did we work . i helped to decorate the walls . my friends and i managed to paint a smart navy blue on the old , faded green . it wasn't as easy as i had expected , there are special equipment and techniques which must be used to ensure a good result . 
besides that , i also helped to do banners and signs to inform other people about the concert . it was hard work , i had to saw wood and paint all day long . several other students helped me out , and we managed to make some eye-catching advertisements . 
i also helped with the lighting and studio equipment . i fixed the lighting on the ceiling and attached several spotlights to the walls . this produced a stunning effect during the concert . i also got to install new speakers so that the music could be heard clearly throughout the hall . 
i enjoyed installing the studio equipment in particular . it gave me a chance to expand my knowledge and gain new skills in electronics . on the whole , it was a fun experience to work with friends , putting in bulbs , attaching lights and adding speakers . 
i really enjoyed myself and i hope that you can have the chance to experience this too . i hope that you can write to me soon . i look forward to reading what you have to say . bye for now ! 
yours sincerely , 
( au kwan ming ) 
dear ms helen ryan
thank you for your letter of the 2nd of march . i am writing to give you some information about myself . i am very keen on joining attending camp california in the u . s . a . 
i will have graduated from university by the end of june and i will be available for this trip only in july because i will have to start working with my parents in august . i'm i've always stayed in tents when i have been on the university camps so i would prefer log cabins at camp california because it would be a new experience for me and i would also learn how to live in one . 
considering your activities at the camp , i would choose singing and painting because i am the lead singer in the university band and i think i will be good at this activity . also painting is my hobby because i have always painted when i have some spare time . i would be grateful if you could tell me some details about what type of clothes and how much money i should bring . 
once again , thank you for giving me a good opportunity . i look forward to going to your camp in the near future . 
yours sincerely
( thongchai enpheno ) 
most people enjoy going shopping every weekend but some think that shopping is not always enjoyable for different reasons and places . 
in the first place , some housewives don't like to go to the supermarket because it is not fun to go shopping with a long list and decide which one is the first and the second . to make matters worse , you realise you have forgotten to buy something when you get back home . it is very frustrating . moreover , if you go with your children , you will have to control them and remember things on your list at the same time and sometimes they cry when they want something in the supermarket . it is a tough chore ! 
another argument against shopping is the lack of items that you really want . sometimes you see a nice dress and you think you are going to buy it tomorrow but when you come back it is sold or there is no in your size left isn't one left in your size . i cannot imagine anything worse . 
the other disadvantage is that you enjoy going shopping too much and pay for everything you buy on your credit card . when the bill comes to 1000 , you will be shocked and regret what you have done . 
in conclusion , i believe that shopping is not always enjoyable if you accidentally get into a bad situation or you cannot control your expenditure carefully . 
13 . 6 . 00
dear hellen , 
thank you very much for your letter , which i received yesterday . i am very happy that i won the first prize in your competition - two weeks at camp california in the usa . also i am pleased that i don't have to pay any expenses . 
i would like to travel at the end of july . in june i have other arrangements , such as my school exams and my birthday . the last two weeks of july are convenient for me . after my school exams i will have time to prepare myself for the trip . 
in your letter you ask me to choose which type of accommodation i prefer . i would like very much to stay in a tent . last year i stayed in a tent with some friends in england and i really enjoyed it . summertime in summertime the weather is good and i don't see there being any problem with anywhere i stay . 
during my time in california , i would love to have the chance to do some leisure activities such as swimming . it is my favourite sport . i am good at swimming and fast . another sport i love is basketball . hopefully i will meet some other girls interested in the same sport . so we will all play as a team . 
my final question is this . can you let me know if there are any facilities for washing my clothes ? if not i will bring with me enough to last for two weeks . please give me a rough idea how much spending money i will need . 
please write soon
yours sincerely
shopping is not always enjoyable . 
as a housewife i have a good idea about it . once a week i go shopping . sometimes i go twice . we all have to do our shopping . it is unavoidable . sometimes it is pleasant , and sometimes it's not . 
i often shop with no problems , but on saturday it is not the same . the shops are so crowded and it takes a long time to find what we want and what we need . also we have to face a long queue in order to pay . it is tiring for some people to spend long hours shopping . i find it very tiring sometimes . 
shopping is not always enjoyable because we spend money . usually we spend much more money than we expect . we can't do anything about it . we have to face it - it has both sides . sometimes shopping is very enjoyable but not every day . 
dear sir or madam
i have just received your letter . i was glad to know i had won first prize in the competition and i am writing to reply about the camp . 
first of all , i would like to travel in july because i have to return to my university in the middle of august . 
another consideration was accommodation . i think it is more comfortable to stay in log cabins than in tents , so i would prefer log cabins . 
according to your letter , i can choose two activities to do at the camp . i would like to choose painting , which i have been doing for 12 years , and tennis . however , i am not very good at playing tennis , so could you tell me if i can learn at the camp ? 
please could you also let me know if i need to take special clothes with me ? 
i would be grateful if you could phone me or send me a letter again at your earliest convenience . i look forward to the camp in the u . s . a . 
yours faithfully
cry freedom
'cry freedom' is about the blacks and whites of south africa . the main characters of this book are stephen biko , a black leader , and donald woods who is a white newspaper editor . woods is thought to stand for all white people and this book could have an influence on them . 
in the first part of this book it can be seen that woods is not on the side of the blacks although he didn't approve of the government's attitude towards them . in some ways , he did not agree with " black consciousness " which is biko's organization because it was too much against the whites . woods thought he knew the black society quite well and understood their ordeals , but after he had met biko and visited a black township , he realized he had been completely unaware of the way they had to live . the people and the circumstances he experienced in the black township were such a new world to him . finally he changed his ideas and started to work for the blacks using his skill as a journalist . in other words , he became an activist for the black people of south africa . 
although biko was killed and woods himself was declared a banned person , i would dare to say their sacrifices were worthwhile because woods succeeded in escaping from south africa which would enable him to publish his book revealing the truth about south africa to the world . 
in short , cry freedom deserves to be recommended and once you read it , you will want to read it again . most of all , this book will make you think about the prejudice you have . 
dear mr. ryan , i am writing to you in reply to your letter . firstly , i would like to travel in july , because it is summer , and there will be nice weather to enjoy in california . secondly , i would prefer my accommodation to stay in a log cabin , because i am allergic to some insects that might get in a tent . as regards the activities , i would enjoy tennis , because i have some experience playing , and my spin and volley are very good , and painting , because i have learnt some techniques that i would like to put into practice . lastly , i would like to know if i need to bring any special clothes , and where i can change my money to american dollars cheaply . i would like to ask for your prompt reply , so i can start organizing myself . thanking you , yours sincerely , carmen dolores rossell
dear kim , 
i hope you are doing fine . i am writing this letter to tell you about my experience helping organise a pop concert . 
firstly , you need to know , and be conscious of what you are doing . i spent two weeks preparing the stage , speakers , backdrop , microphones , everything , with all the staff , and every night the artists came to rehearse their show . i could see how they really improved , and how nice they were with the staff . the day of the concert , everyone , including the artists and managers were nervous and were tired . however , when the concert started , we saw that all our efforts had been worthwhile . the crew and artists thanked the staff . 
what i personally liked the most was all our teamwork . i could see the staff , managers , artists and even the director , all as a big team , working together . that was what made it really special . try it , i recommend it . 
write back soon , 
love , 
carmen dolores rossell . 
dear helen , 
i am writing to answer your letter , which i have received received yesterday . first of all , i would like to thank you for accepting me and i am very appreciative that all expenses are paid . i can travel only in july because my exams will be finished at the beginning of that month and it would be great if i could set off on my journey on 15th july . 
i would prefer to stay in log cabins because the weather is going to be rainy , according to the forecast . therefore , i have chosen golf and tennis from the list . i have been playing them for more than 3 years , during which i have been trained , 3 years for tennis , 1 year for golf , by professional coaches . i enjoy playing both of them regularly . 
in addition , it would be nice if you could send me the address at which i am going to stay , so that i can keep in touch with my friends and family . finally , thank you again for everything and i am looking forward to accompanying you soon . 
yours sincerely , 
" shopping is not always enjoyable " . i think this statement is true . in my opinion , shopping is not suitable for children whose ages are under 18 ! this is quite a strong opinion , but i know it from my real-life experiences of shopping . 
when i was 15 , i was starting to look for new clothes , shoes , and everything i would find now unnecessary . 
i would not dare to calculate how much i have spent on those things without thinking . however , it was not bad . my mum always told me that i hadn't earned enough money so i shouldn't have spent it in the wrong way . 
therefore , people who are over 18 can think of more reasons than young children can for shopping and buying such tempting objects . to sum up , shopping is not a bad thing to do as long as you can earn money yourself and know why you are spending it ! 
dear sir , 
i am writing to you in reply to your letter . 
first of all , i want to thank you for this prize . i am very excited because i have never won a prize . i have never been to the usa , so i think that this trip will be an unforgettable experience . 
secondly , i would like to tell you that i can only travel in july because in june i have to take my final exams at school . in august i have to be in madrid because i am going to work as a trainee in a travel agency . after august i must return to school , so i can only go to california in july . 
i would prefer to stay in a tent because i like very much nature nature very much , and camping , so i think that i will be better in a tent than in a log cabin . 
although all the activities that you mention are very interesting , i prefer swimming and tennis . i think that i am very good at swimming . i won a local competition when i was seventeen . i am not so good at tennis because i began to play only two years ago . finally , i would like to ask you how the weather will be in july and what kind of clothes i have to wear . furthermore , i would like to know the money i have to take and what amount of money is normally spent in the camp . i look forward to receiving your reply . 
yours sincerely , 
silvia torroja . 
in my opinion the statement 'shopping is not always enjoyable' is totally true . 
an argument in favour of this statement is that shopping is very tiring . you can be walking for hours and finally you can't find anything that you like . 
also , you can spend hours trying to decide between a wonderful blue pair of trousers or a beautiful black dress , for example . 
i think that shopping is even more boring when you go with a friend and you have to give her some advice . it can be a very stressful situation because sometimes you don't know what to say . 
in my opinion shopping could be a 'dangerous' activity because you may spend more money on some clothes than you can afford . i know people who are overdrawn because of shopping . despite shopping being boring , i think that it is necessary because it is important for people to have several items of clothing and also suitable clothes for a very important meeting or appointment . 
so , shopping is not enjoyable , but necessary . 
dear madam , 
i am very happy to have won first prize in your competition and want to thank you for that very interesting competition . 
i am only available in july because i am studying at an engineering school and i'll work until the end of june . but no problem for july ! 
you asked me which type of accommodation i would prefer between a tent and a log cabin . i am used to spending summer holidays in a tent and i like it , but why not try a log cabin ? but it doesn't matter if there is no log cabin available . . . now let's speak about the most interesting activity: sport . i would be very pleased if i could practise do tennis and surfing . in fact , i soon practise play tennis and i am quite good at it , and it will be an opportunity to train . surfing is completely new to me and i hope that i will like it . but if i don't try it i will never know if i like it or not ! 
finally , i want to know if i need any money and how much , and if there is a dry cleaners . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours faithfully
anis lacoste
we all know what shopping is . sometimes it is necessary and sometimes not and overall it is not always enjoyable . 
when you go to the supermarket because you want a particular thing and have driven a long time only for that , you look for it but it's not there anymore , you think that shopping is not enjoyable at all . 
sometimes it is necessary but you spend four or five hours in the supermarket because there are too many people . you don't like shopping but you must go shopping to eat ! 
but sometimes you go shopping for pleasure and you have all your time ( the girls know what it is ) . finally , when it's for pleasure shopping is enjoyable , but most of the time it isn't enjoyable ! 
to conclude , if you don't want to go to the supermarket to spend four hours there , send your girlfriend and it will be more enjoyable ! 
dear mrs . ryan , 
first of all , i would like to thank you for this prize and the fact that you wrote to me asking for my preferences about the camp . 
regarding the information you need , i have to tell you that i can only go in july , for work reasons . once there , i would prefer staying in a tent , because that is a way to remember my childhood as a boy scout and get a break from the routine . 
from the list of activities you sent me , i have chosen what are the , from my point of view , most relaxing activities available: painting and photography . one of my hobbies is photography , so i think i am rather good at it , but i will take painting to learn , because i am not very talented at it . 
i also would like to know if i have to take any money and what kind of clothes are suitable for that location . please reply me soon . 
yours sincerely
david brian
dear kim , 
you are not going to believe what i am about to tell you ! a couple of months ago , i was told that britney spears was coming to perform in our city . when i knew this , i managed to get a job as one of the kids that prepare the stage before the concert . i was really excited . 
the day of the show i worked so hard that i couldn't see the show . and i didn't even get paid . but it was worth it . i got my reward when the concert finished . after carrying stuff like lights , microphones , wires and some other equipment for about three hours , i was exhausted . but when britney came off the stage , she passed by me , saw my tired face and invited me into her personal dressing room . we talked for about half an hour and when she said goodbye she gave me a kiss . i won't forget that moment ever . write to me soon to tell me your thoughts about what happened to me . bye . 
with love
david brian
dear helen , 
i received your letter this morning and i'm very happy about winning first prize . 
it's a great opportunity for me to participate in your camp california because normally i work a lot and i can't spend money on travel . moreover , i have to support a big family because i'm married and i have three children . 
i would like to travel in july because before then i have to work with my father because he's ill . 
for the accommodation i would prefer a log cabin because it'll be more comfortable . i know that i would like to sleep in a tent but at this moment i have a little problem with my right leg and it's better for me to sleep in a bed . 
i know that i have the chance to do two activities during this time . i have to choose painting and photography therefore . i would prefer surfing or climbing but i have to think of my health . 
in your letter you explain that all accommodation and travel costs are paid for but i need to know if the life on camp california is expensive or not because i have to bring money . i hope the weather will be good so i suppose i have to bring short clothes . 
i'm very enthusiastic and i wait for your answer as soon is possible . 
yours sincerely , 
in our society money is one of the most important aspect to have power . 
if we think about it , we will realise that we need money all day . not only for the basic needs but also for the rest of our activities . 
there are a lot of people who spend a lot of money because they like shopping . sometimes , they have to buy something that they need but , frequently , they buy things only to spend money . this is a big problem because a lot of families don't have money to spend going shopping . 
we have to teach our children the value of money , to explain the difficulties of earning money in a job , because we have to work eight , nine or ten hours a day , for example . educating the youngest is a first step and helps our society . 
money is important but we have to know how to spend it: shopping is not always enjoyable . 
dear . . . 
thanks for your letter . i am very happy that i have won the first prize in your competition . 
i am looking forward to my holiday , which begins on the first of july lasting until twenty-first july , so it is possible travel to travel at this time . i like to sleep in a tent under the open sky since i have done military service , therefore i would prefer a tent as my accommodation . my favourite activities are swimming and singing . it is important for my health that i swim an hour a week because i am overweight . i like to sing a song when i am alone . singing is good for my emotion . so i choose singing and swimming as my activities . i am a beginner at swimming and also at singing . 
can you tell me what clothes i should take with me for which two weeks . what kind of weather do you have at this time of year ? 
do i need a lot of money etc . for the different excursions ? 
thanks for your answer . 
yours sincerely
shopping is not always enjoyable
what does it mean , the word " shopping " ? i live and i need different products to survive . i need things to drink and eat . that is the basic fact that means i must go shopping for food . 
it is not enjoyable to see that the price of food is going higher and higher . my salary is getting lower and lower . when i have enough money the price isn't important , then i can buy a lot of things without considering my money . despite having enough money , shopping is not always enjoyable , because i don't know which things i will buy in the future . also i will buy things which i don't need . 
there are many products the quality of which is bad and because of this the environmental pollution will increase more and more . 
it is a fact that shopping is not enjoyable . 
dear helen ryan: thank you for letting me know about my prize trip to camp california in the usa . here i will answer all the questions that you asked me , and i will ask you about other things that you didn't mention . i'd like to organize my trip for july because that is when i have vacations , also because it is summertime in the u . s . a . about accommodation at camp i'd prefer a tent , because it's a new experience for me and i'd like to sleep in a tent to have a great time while having a new adventure . in my free time i like to play golf and swim , so i think that i'm good at playing golf . i play every saturday and sunday and , after that , i usually go to the pool because i love swimming . i think that those are the sports i would like to practise do at the camp . helen , i would like to ask you how much money we have to take to the camp ? what kind of clothing do we have take ? thank you very much for your collaboration cooperation . yours sincerely teresa reina
shopping is not always enjoyable
most of the time when we go to the shopping centre we have a lot of fun . we go to stores to look at clothing , we also eat something like ice cream or french fries , but is not enjoyable all the time . 
sometimes when we go shopping with someone who is not good company , we don't have a great time , or when we know what we want to buy , but when we get to the store they don't have what we want , in that instance we need to shop also when is an important day like father's day or christmas everywhere we want to go and buy something it is very crowded so we can't find what we are looking for calmly because everybody is pushing you in the other direction to the one you want 
in that case in that instance we don't enjoy shopping because we can't find what we are looking for and we have a bad time in the shopping centre . 
dear mrs . ryan , 
i'm glad to receive your letter . i'm very happy to know that i have won the first prize . it will be great to spend two weeks at camp california . first of all , i would like to say that the only month available for me to travel is july . i finish my classes on the 25th of june and august is reserved for going with my parents to france . this was scheduled 3 months ago . 
about accommodation , i would prefer the log cabins because i think they are cleaner than the tents . while i'm staying there i would like to practise tennis and basketball , as i have been playing both sports all my life , and i have to say that i am very good at both . 
there is one question i would like to ask you about the camp . i would like to know if there are any washing machines or a place to wash our clothes . 
i hope this letter contains all the information you need from me . i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely
from my point of view , the real question is: who said that is enjoyable ? maybe for women , but not for me . i know that this sounds horrible , but sometimes it's what really happens . for men , sometimes it is hard to go shopping with their partners . sometimes that means a complete tour around all the fashion shops in town . and of course , we are not allowed to stop in a place that we like , the sports shop . you cannot waste time because all the other shops could be closed when you arrive . and that is always what we want . that's men's intention . 
another point is to go to a big area . especially , especially at weekends . everyone pushing a trolley and crashing around . people should have to get a licence to drive those things . someone could be injured . and of course , the time to pay . a huge queue that lasts half an hour or more and finishes with you completely freaked out . in conclusion , for me , to go shopping is not enjoyable at all . 
dear sir/madam
first of all i would like to say thanks for your letter and your concern about your customers . i was absolutely thrilled to receive the news about my winning a competition . 
your letter contains a few questions about the details of my holiday which i would like to answer for you . the first is about time . i am only able to go on holiday in july , because for the rest of the time i have college , which i can't miss . 
the second is accommodation . i would rather stay in log cabins than live in tents . i don't like nights cold cold nights and mosquitoes . 
i am so glad that i will get a chance to do activities in the camp . i play basketball and tennis . i am quite good at tennis . what about basketball is . i played in the school team , and was one of the best players by the end of this season . 
there is one more thing which i would like to know about . it is regarding clothes and money . should i have any special clothes ? if yes what kind of clothing it is . and of course there will be expenses . can you inform me how much money i should have and can i have some information about prices of visiting local places of interest . 
finally i would like once more to say thanks for your letter and i look forward to hearing from you by post with all the details about the holiday . 
yours faithfully 
i hate shopping but on the other hand sometimes you can have fun doing it . in my opinion , it depends on your mood , your financial situation , of course , where you are going to go shopping and what you are going to buy . 
usually people don't have time for shopping . you've just finished your long hours at work , you are tired , you had a row with your boss but you are still going to go shopping . and what do you have ? there are huge queues to the tills , noise , hassle , poor customer service . you've got more stress , you feel fed up and finally when you get home you think that shopping is not as enjoyable as you thought . 
for example , a lot of people do not like to go shopping in big stores . it takes hours to buy something . there are so many variety varieties of products , different prices , different qualities . you will have to walk miles around the store to find what you want . yes , there is a big plus with a big store of course . you can find everything in one place , in contrast to the small shops which are specialised specialise in one product . and people spend all weekend walking around shopping centres and high streets in trills to buy something . 
nowadays technical progress gets close to us , to normal customers . the internet is one of the issues solutions to this problem . without any hassle , sitting in your chair in front of your computer , you in a second in a second you can get to any shop that has an internet site - most of the big companies have one - get all the information about the product , get a cheaper price and buy it . 
dear ryan
thank you for your letter and i am very pleased to hear from you about my winning the competition . i am writing to inform you of my preferences and ask a few questions about the camping . 
first of all , i would like to travel in july because i can take my holiday only only take my holiday in july . i have discussed it with my boss but he allowed me to go on a holiday only in july . and about accommodation , i would like to stay in a tent . i know that staying in a log cabin is more convenient but i just want to have a wilder experience . while i am at the camp , i would like to take part in swimming and photography . it will be a wonderful experience to swim in a lake and i can relax and enjoy the fresh air . photography is one of my hobbies so i want to take as many nice photos as i can in the camp area . 
i would like to know about the weather in the camp area because i don't know what kinds of clothes i have to bring . and i want to know how much money i have to bring for personal expenses . i also want to know if i can have time for shopping . 
thank you for your kindness and i look forward to your reply . 
yours sincerely , 
clark . 
dear helen , 
i have just received your letter which made me so happy . i am writing to reply to your questions . 
first of all , i can travel only in july because my son's school is going to finish at the end of june , so it is impossible for me to travel during june . apart from that , i work in an international tourism agency and august is the busiest month of the year , so july is the best choice for me . 
i would rather stay in a tent because i used to go camping when i was a teenager with my family . i have always loved camping . 
my favourite hobby is photography and i think i am very good at it . i have been taking photographs since i was 17 . i took some lessons and after that i really improved . besides this , i am very good at playing basketball . i used to play in the high school team . 
also , i have some questions . i have never been to california before so i have no idea about the climate . could you please give me some information about it and what kind of clothes i should bring for my holiday . besides , i really would like to know approximately how much money i should take with me . is it an expensive city ? 
i hope all this information will help you . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely , 
dear kim , 
i am so sorry that i couldn't write to you last week . as you know , i was very busy and excited about a pop concert which i worked at as a director's assistant during the last week . 
first of all , it was a very successful concert and probably you have heard the singer's name before , she is called tina . 
as a director's assistant , my job was the organisation of the audience's seats and tickets . all seats were brought from a sponsor company . every day i worked for two hours in a shop to sell selling tickets . it was quite enjoyable because every day i met different people who like listening to pop music so we had lots of things to talk about . i also helped with the singer's some special requests some special requests of the singer which weren't so difficult to arrange . she was very nice and friendly . 
on the night of the concert , i worked as well . 
after the concert , i was absolutely exhausted but the thing is i will never forget this experience . i met lots of people who were very famous . the best thing was of course meeting tina . we promised each other to keep in touch and she has invited me to her next concert ! 
so , my news is finished that's all my news . write back soon . 
love from , 
dear helen , 
thank you for my prize ! i have never been to the usa and i should be glad to spend two weeks at camp california . 
i can only have some holiday in july from the 3rd to the 17th with my husband at the same time . that is why i would like to travel during those two weeks . 
for the accommodation i would prefer to have a tent because i am used to travelling staying on campsites and i love it during summer , just to change the customs ! ! 
concerning the activities , i have chosen two of them . i enjoy swimming and any time i have the opportunity to swim i go . my second activity is painting because i love art and art history and i think that it is better to do one sport and one " soft leisure " and i do not really want to involve myself in a new activity that i am unfamiliar with during my holidays . 
please could you tell me about the weather , if i need special clothes and about how to change my money , if you don't mind ? see you soon ! 
yours sincerely , 
" shopping is not always enjoyable " " shopping today ! " if you decide to go in town or during holidays to move in a " shopping destination " , that means that you need something special for yourself or someone else . you have the money and the time that you want . that's why it should be a great day ! save some money to go shopping in paris or roma and see how the french or italian fashion looks on you ! and after that you can visit the duty-free shops and buy some cheap souvenirs . singapoor and many places in asia are famous for the shopping , and it is really nice to go there with enough money to buy what you always wanted to . but even if shopping can means dream it can be boring sometimes . if you have no money and a friend asks you to go shopping , it should be boring ! and you may become jealous of him and want him to do it quickly ! or you may get irritable ! and you can find that there are too many people in the shops , it is too hot or you cannot get the right size or the right colour or flavour -- - then you get angry ! or you decide not to spend the money shopping today , but in front of the shop . what is going on ? ? 
so , you'd better stay at home today . . . 
dear helen ryan
i am very happy and excited because i have won first prize in your competition . it is a pleasure for me . i am writing to enquire about some doubts and to give the information that you need about me . 
i have been working hard here in portugal and i will be on holiday just next july . because of this i believe this is the best time for me to travel you asked me about accommodation at camp california . i would prefer to stay in a tent because i suppose i will have more contact with natural things than in a log cabin . 
another question that you asked me was about two activities i will have the chance to do there . i would love to play tennis and basketball , which i've been playing for six years . about tennis , i just started to play last year and i need to improve my technique a lot . 
i would like to know something about money and clothes . are they included in the prize ? how much money can i spend during this time ? i'd prefer it if you gave me this information as soon as you can . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you
yours sincerely
rui veloso
dear kim , 
i am very happy with your letter that i received last week . i'm really excited and i have to tell you about a fantastic experience that i had last month . 
i suppose you know about the " portugal pop concert " that happened here in rio de mouro last month , don't you ? 
it was a marvellous concert and there were about 100 , 000 people there . i worked as a receptionist in the vip room and i needed to look very happy all the time , which wasn't very difficult . you won't believe how many famous people i knew met . i met madonna and could talk with her for ten minutes . it was a dream and she was amazing with me . 
i didn't tell you , but i helped at this concert just by chance . a friend of mine gave up one week before and asked me if i would like to go in his place . i said " yes " and i am sure it was the best decision of my life . 
of course i was very tired at the end of five days because of some stressful situations . however , those days were unforgettable for me . 
hope to hear from you soon
with best wishes , 
rui
dear mr. /mrs:
i have just received your letter in which you inform me that i won the first prize of two weeks at camp california . i am very excited about it ! 
i would like to travel in july , since i am studying and that is the only month i have on vacation . fortunately , i have heard that the weather is beautiful in california during that month . i'd rather sleep in a tent because i want to enjoy this wild experience ! i will take my sleeping bag with me , just in case . 
i would love to participate in the singing and photography activities . singing is something i have enjoyed since i was a little child . in fact , i took some singing lessons . i am not very good at photography but i want to make an album to share it with my family when i come home . 
could you please tell me what kind of clothes you recommend for camping ? how much money will i need ? is it better to take cash or a credit card ? 
thanks for your attention . 
cordially yours , 
shopping is not always enjoyable
the best way to go shopping is to think in advance about what you really want to buy and you know how much money you estimate to spend . if people would think about it before going shopping , they would not have a headache when they go home and realize they did not want what they bought . 
shopping can be an awful adventure when people want to buy all their presents the day before christmas , for example . there is no way to find good prices ! shops are crowded , items are of bad quality and people are buying without thinking . 
the worst time to go shopping is when people feel under pressure or when they feel unsatisfied in their personal lives . it may seem relaxing at the beginning , but if they take their credit cards with them , the stress will increase when they have to pay the bills ! ! 
recommendations ? 
wait for a sunny day , take a look at your wardrobe , some money , ask a friend to go with you , and enjoy an exciting shopping trip ! 
13 of june 2000
dear helen ryan:
i will be very happy to travel in july because in that month i am going to have my holidays , so i will not have to ask permission from my boss . at the same time , in july is my birthday my birthday is in july , so it would be nice to celebrate it there . 
i would prefer to stay in a tent , because in that way i can feel more close closer to nature , and i can remember when i was a girl scout . sleeping in a tent is much more exciting and clousy than in a log cabin . 
at the camp i would like to choose two activities , painting and singing . i love painting . in . at university i studied art for two years , but now i don't have much time to paint because i work in a bank and i have a baby . so i will be very happy to improve my art at the camp . the reason for my choice of singing is because that i feel embarrassed about my voice , so maybe i could improve it . 
i would like to have more information about the prices of the clothes and souvenirs . 
thank you for giving me this opportunity . 
yours sincerely
dear kim:
you are never going to believe what i did last month . i was walking with my sister in oxford circus , when suddenly a man stopped us saying that he was looking for people to help at a concert and they were going to pay us five pounds an hour . we said yes immediately . i nearly shouted with happiness when they told us that luis miguel was giving the concert . he is my favourite singer . 
the concert was on a sunday and we had to work at the back of the stage , doing all sorts of things like collecting rubbish and helping other people who were working there . we were so close to him . i didn't have the chance to talk with him but i don't mind . i will never forget that day . since then , i and my sister talk about luis miguel every day . 
i hope you write to me soon to tell me your opinion . 
lots of love
dear mrs ryan , 
thanks for your letter . i have read the letter and i was very surprised that i have won the first prize . 
about the time when i want to travel it can only be in july , because in the summer it is very busy at work . people whom i work with are going on holiday in june and august . so they need me at work in those months . 
also , the accommodation i would prefer at camp california is the log cabin , because first when i was a little child we stayed in a small house every holiday and i like that . second , i don't like tents and i can't get used to them , so i prefer log cabins . 
about the different activities , we like them all , but if i have to choose two i opt for sailing and tennis . in the summer i'm sailing in races almost every weekend and i have my own sailing clothes . i'm not very good at tennis but i can practise on my trip . 
finally , i have one question about the money . what things must i pay for on my trip ? 
yours sincerely , 
dear kim , 
thanks for your letter . how are you ? everything is fine with me and the pop concert was great . 
i enjoyed helping at the pop concert , but it's very stressful work . you always walk from side to side moving things and there's no break . some other work that i did was to lead the people to their places . we worked the whole day and luckily at least we had some food . 
the best things were that we saw famous singers and i spoke with robbie williams . he's friendly and very handsome of course . if you see the famous singers in the flesh they are different and most singers haven't any time for you . 
another thing i did was the make-up but only for about fifteen minutes . that was very nice , because i didn't expect that . there were some people who gave me some advice about cleaning the face etc . 
finally , it was a very nice day and a great experience . 
love 
dear helen ryan
i am writing to inform you about your question . firstly , i would like to travel in july , because before then i don't have time to travel . i have to finish my studies . 
secondly , i want to stay in a log cabin . i think it is more convenient than in tents . 
and i would like to have a chance to do painting and photography . i am not so fit and healthy , so i don't like to do activity exercise . however , drawing some beautiful scenery and taking some pictures would be a very good experience for me . i hope so very much . 
thank you for your invitation . 
yours sincerely
shopping is not always enjoyable . 
do you like shopping ? generally many women like shopping , including me . even the young girl wants to go shopping with mum . however , whenever you go shopping , are you usually satisfied with your choice and do you always enjoy shopping ? perhaps you have an experience unpleasant unpleasant experience . 
you could go shopping for some rest to the high street or a department store . then you could find the cheapest goods and in that case , you probably buy it needlessly . moreover if you bought something then you could find it is a little bit more expensive than the other shop . both cases often happen with shopping . 
if you don't want to regret shopping , you have to make a shopping list first before going shopping . then you should check the price and the quality of the goods . 
if you remember these two things at least , you could enjoy the shopping . one more thing i recommend you is to leave your credit card at home if you are only going window shopping . 
bernard moreau
place de la madeleine
87022 paris
competition organiser
helen ryan
dear mrs . ryan , 
you have sent me a letter about the competition and the first prize i have won . you asked me for some further information . 
first , i'd like to travel in july at any time from the first to the 30th because of my vacation period . i'd rather have a few days at the beginning of july to prepare myself . 
second , i'd prefer to have a log cabin where i could store some things . 
finally , i'd like to practise play tennis and to try climbing . is any ability required ? 
could you send me a note about travelling in california which could help me ? 
yours sincerely
bernard moreau
the old man and the sea
this book remains one of the best in american literature . it is classed as one of the ten books that should be in your own library . but it is also the most famous short story by ernest hemingway . based on a very simple story , the story of an old man fishing , it is a deep reflection on age . 
a veteran fisherman takes his boat and goes fishing to convince himself and other men that he is still able to do it . then , hemingway paints a marvellous description of fishing and of the great fight between the fish and the old man . the 24-hour fight is described in such a peaceful , faithful way that it callas a though about life and death . i recommend this book as a way to discover both hemingway and american literature . 
dear mrs . ryan
before answering your letter ( which i have just received ) about the prize for the competition i recently won , i'd like to say thank you very much for giving me the chance of going to the usa . it is just a dream come true ! 
i have been asked to say when i would like to travel . there's only one month for that: july ( as i am working all the year round and i am not available to leave my job ) . 
about the accommodation , i reckon think i would prefer to be in a log cabin instead of a tent , since it is more comfortable . 
during my two weeks at camp california , i'd like to practise climbing and surfing , of which the basics the basics of which i know perfectly well . 
i am quite good at both because i do usually practise them . furthermore , i love to do such sports ! 
in addition to this , i would like to know the amount of money i should bring , as well as the kind of clothes that i could need and the sort of people that i will find there . 
don't hesitate to contact me if there's any problem , and thank you very much again . 
yours sincerely , 
bola
hi kim ! 
how are you ? 
it has been so long since i wrote to you last time . . . 
hey , guess what: i helped a friend at a pop concert ! 
it was great , and i got my ticket for free ! 
it happened by chance: i was walking down the street when i bumped into jane , my old friend , who asked me if i wanted to join her and a couple of mates to help at the concert . 
i agreed unwillingly , as i couldn't imagine what a pop concert was would be like . . . but when i went in i changed my mind ! 
none of the groups are known at the moment , but i believe they are well on their way to becoming famous bands . 
my tasks were serving drinks and some other stuff , and staying there after the concert to clean everything . this was the best part because when everyone was gone , billy joel arrived to give his support to the beginners ! ! ! what was a guy like that doing in such a place ? i couldn't believe my eyes . . . jane took a photograph of us together . i'll send you a copy as soon as i can . 
lots of kisses from
bola
xxx
dear mrs ryan
when i received your letter , i was very surprised and happy because i don't remember entered entering this competition . 
first i can travel only in july because i will finish school at the end of june and i will sit my exam in september ; so i have to revise for it a lot during the month of august . 
to answer your second question , i choose the accommodation to sleep in a tent because i like to sleep outside . 
for the activities , i choose the golf and the surfing ( it wasn't easy to decide which activities i will do , because almost every choice interested me ) . 
i have tried golf twice . i'm really bad but i hope to make much progress quickly . 
i never tried have never tried surfing , but every time i see surfing on television i find it magical . 
i have just two questions . 
can i wash any clothes there ? 
how much money will i have to take with me ? 
please phone me to answer my two questions . 
thanks for everything 
mar
hello kim
i'm sorry i can only write now because last week i had too much work . 
as you asked me i will tell you about the pop concert last month . 
with my friend miko i looked for a little job weekend a little weekend job and one evening we met a guy who wanted to sell drinks at the pop concert and so we told him that we agreed to help him at the bar . 
it was a wonderful weekend : we were opposite the singers and we saw every concert without buying any tickets ! ( we were part of the staff of the concert . ) 
at the end we had 1200 in profit and each of us took 400 for himself
i particularly liked seeing all those people , and i met a lot of new friends there . 
for next year we are searching for a new barwoman . 
write to me soon and tell me if you want to join us for 2001 . 
love mar
. i would like to travel only in july because i would be on school holidays then and the weather is hot and the sea's temperature is less cold than in winter . i would like to travel in july to be sure it would not rain during the trip , which would be annoying ? ! and when the sun is shining you are relaxed and you feel good . 
. i would prefer a tent to sleep in at camp california because it is fun to sleep in tents and to compare it to sleeping in a house . you are in communication with nature and you can hear the insects . and we only need to sleep and not to cook or watch t . v . . . it is very nice to stay in tents which are strong and comfortable . 
. from the list below , the two activities i will choose are tennis and sailing . tennis because i play tennis and i am classed 15-5 . i like very much tennis tennis very much because it is a technical and physical sport . and you need a strategy to win the match . it is nice to play tennis outside on the court when the weather is hot . but you can't play if there is too much wind , because the ball becomes uncontrollable ! 
windsurfing because i practise do have done it for a long time . you can do it alone . i like windsurfing because it is a sport of speed and slide like skiing and surfing . you need techniques to control the surfboard . you must know how to use the wind and you have great sensations ! 
i would like to ask you questions: must i take my clothes with me ? 
is there a washing machine at camp california ? 
do i need some money to pay for the meals ! 
you have recently had a class discussion about shopping . now your english teacher has asked you to write a composition giving your opinions on the statement : " shopping is not always enjoyable " 
in fact , shopping is not always enjoyable because sometimes you want to buy things but you don't have enough money ! 
you don't find anything interesting in the shop . 
you can hesitate before choosing an item . which is the best thing to get ? the shop assistant can be not very nice and watch you all the time . you don't find your size or the right color in the item the item in your size or the right colour . the item can be too expensive . 
it looks fragile and it could break easily . 
you must try several shops and compare the price and the quality of the items . so you must walk all day or go by car . and the weather must be fine if you walk in town . 
shopping is not always enjoyable if there are a lot of people in the shops because you can't move or find the article and stay cool ! 
dear madam , 
i am very glad that i have won first prize in your competition and i can go to the united states . it has always been my dream to go there and to be able to see that beautiful country . now my dream will come true . 
i will try to give you some information about me . the best time to travel for me is july because i am working and only then can i have holidays . i would be pleased if it is possible . 
about accommodation , i would prefer a tent because i have never slept in a tent and i would like to try it . it will be very interesting for me because normally i do not have a lot of time to do activities . i would prefer swimming because i really like it and i am trying to swim whenever i have got some time , and painting because i have finished a painting course and i have some practice with this . 
that is very nice that all costs are paid for but i would like to ask you how much money i should take with me because i do not know anything about prizes in the u . s . a . and please tell me if i need anything to paint because it would be difficult to take it with me , so if i will need to take everything i will just change this activity . 
thank you for the letter and i am looking forward to an answer . 
yours sincerely
hallo kim , 
thank you for answering my last letter , i hope your sister's health is better than last time and she is all right . 
my life is a little bit changed after that concert last month . i will try to explain to you why . 
as you know i was helping to make all the decorations before and during the concert . it was a really wonderful new experience for me . i have never before met so many people and i didn't now that is so hard to keep everything in order during a concert . now i know that everything needs patience , time and hard work before someone sings any record on stage . the people were wonderful , they were helping each other with everything and it was a lot easier to do . it is a very nice feeling when you need help and there are so many people who want to help you . i will never forget this concert and those people . it was good experience which i will never forget . i hope i will be able to do it again . 
dear helen ryan ! 
this is just a note to confirm for you that i have receive received your letter . 
i am so happy to have won the first prize in your competition . i will be happy to be for two weeks at camp california in the u . s . a . 
i am understood understand from your letter that all accommodation and travel costs are paid for me , including transport to and from the airport . 
to answer your questions , i would like to tell you that i can only travel in july , because i will be studying for the cambridge exam till 1 july . 
would it be possible to have accommodation at camp california in a tent , because i haven't had a chance to sleep in one . 
and would it be possible to do swim swimming and surfing . i am very good at swimming . i have been doing it since i remember me for as long as i can remember . at surfing i am not good at all . i have been dreaming about this activity since i was 10 years old . 
i would like to know how many people will stay with me in the tent , and do i have to take with me any special clothes for surf surfing . 
i will contact you , if i have more questions . 
i look forward to being at camp california in the u . s . a . 
yours sincerely 
shopping is not always enjoyable . 
i like shopping . i love to go shopping . but only if i have money ! ! or some money . shopping can't be enjoyable if you don't have money to spend . it is better to stay at home and read a good book . 
i think go going shopping in a big space like harrodss is not a pleasure , because it's crowded with people . i like to be in small boutiques , and i would rather go shopping along and during the weekend . because i don't like to give some advice it's can be really boring . and going shopping after the weekend is not for me . i don't know what more i can tell you . i'm sorry . drop me a line or give me a call if my writing is not so good for you because i'll be out next week . and i'll miss your lessons . 
madam , 
i am sending you this reply with the information that you need . 
i would like to travel in july because i am a student so i only have holidays in this part of the year . 
about the accommodations accommodation , i would like to stay in a log cabin because i am used to staying in them when i travel . 
the activities that i want to do at the camp are basketball and surfing . basketball is the sport that i really like because i am very tall and i used to play it very well . on the other hand i don't know almost nothing know almost nothing about surfing but i would like to learn and to do the sport because i think it is cool . 
there is one thing i would like to ask you . it's about how much money i will need to go out at night , to spend on food and that kind of thing . 
yours sincerely 
adriano tudela
shopping is not always enjoyable
there are people that love going shopping . they live , work and only think about it . they are addicted to buying things . some doctors say that buying shopping without control is a disease and i agree with them because i have a friend who is a compulsive shopper . he can't stop buying things . he spends all his money buying things that he sometimes doesn't use . i think this is one bad side of shopping and many people have this problem . 
sometimes , shopping can be really boring , especially on important dates when the shops are absolutely crowded and you can't see anything you wanted with careful . 
mrs helen ryan
competition organiser
usa
13th june , 2000 
dear mrs ryan , 
i received your letter this morning thank . thank you very much for your kind letter and for choosing me . 
i can only travel in july because i have already booked and fully paid for a middle east holiday holiday in the middle east , from 25th july till the end of august . if you can arrange my departure time for 1st of july it would be convenient for me . 
i would like to stay in a tent , because i had many great times in tents during my previous holidays , if it can be arranged . 
i want to do these two activities while i am at the camp: sailing and photography . i have great experience of sailing . i used to work for a sailing company in turkey . and i have a certificate in using a radio ( vhf ) . i have knowledge of navigation , engine , ropes and knots , and sails as well . 
my other passion is photography , i especially like black and white photography . i have a camera , it is a minolta x300 . it is a manual camera . i know how to develop films and print photographs . 
i am not sure about clothes , money and the immigration rules of the usa . please could you tell me what the weather is like there , what kind of clothes i need and how much money i should bring . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely . 
shopping is not always enjoyable . 
i like shopping but i had a bad experience on a recent shopping trip . i went out to get some shopping and to get some ideas about new computers and products . first of all , i went to a local shop but they didn't have a big enough selection of products . 
then i visited another one , in cambridge street . it was very crowded , i could hardly move in the shop . i decided to buy a cd rom cd-rom drive for my old computer . when i approached the cashier i suddenly noticed my wallet had gone . my money , travel card and credit card had gone . it was a nightmare , there were pickpockets in the shop . i went to the shop's customer services but it was useless . 
as soon as possible , i phoned my bank cancellation to cancel my credit card but they had already used it . it cost me about 500 . this experience has changed my shopping habits , now i do all my shopping on the internet . but i'm not sure whether it is safe . but you must always be on your guard against pickpockets . 
dear helen , 
i have received your letter , which makes me happy . for the first time in my life i have won a competition . i would like to take you up on your invitation in july . i am only able to take my holiday in july , the . the rest of the year i work . 
i would prefer to stay in a tent . i think it is more enjoyable . i don't know why but i have feel toward to tent from my childhood . when i was a kid i used to ask my mum to buy me a tent for my bedroom so i would be able to sleep in there instead of my bed . 
i'm crazy about tennis and swimming . i used to take tennis and swimming lessons when i was in high school . i have good talent and skill about them . most of the weekend i go swimming and play tennis . that is the fun for me to doing it . 
do i have to bring some cash with me ? do you think travel cheque cheques traveller's cheques would be more safe ? i would also like to get some information about the weather . what is it like in july over there ? 
yours sincerely , 
shopping is part of our life . i don't like shopping . can you imagine friday night ? most people get paid on friday night then they go shopping . i can't stand in long queues . you have worked hard all day . on the way home you want to pick up some milk from the shop and you have to wait on average ten minute ten minutes on average . it is not good . your time has been stolen . i can't cope with that . i prefer to go home without any milk . there are a lot of till tills in the shop but most of them are closed . it is annoying . 
there are a lot of options and items to make our choice difficult . it is hard to decide which is best for you . after shopping you have to carry a heavy bag a long way home
13th june 2000
dear mrs ryan , 
thank you very much for your letter . i was really surprised and very happy when i read that i have won the first prize , first of all because i have never been to california and second because it's the first time i have ever won something . 
the only time that it is possible for me to travel is july , because i am working for a bank and this is the only month i can go on holiday . 
for my stay in california i would prefer the accommodation in tents because this gives me a feeling of freedom and adventure and it is quite different to my life here in greece . 
the activities i would like most to do to do most are climbing and surfing . in my free time i have climbed a lot of mountains in the surrounding area so i can say that i am quite good at climbing . but i have never 'surfed' in my life , so that is an activity i have to learn . 
last but not least there are some things i would like to know: what kind of weather do you have in california ? is it very hot ? what kind of clothes should i bring with me ? 
and what about money ? how much money should i take with me ? are there any activities which are not included ? and my last question: how many people are going to stay in each tent . 
i'm looking forward to hearing from you soon . 
yours sincerely , 
many people , especially women , love shopping . if you go to the centre of any big town you will see people walking from store to store searching for something to wear or to buy to eat . but shopping is not always enjoyable . 
first of all because of the great variety in the store , very often you don't know what to buy because we don't have only three or four different sports shoes to choose from , no , we have to choose out of twenty or thirty such as nike , adidas or fila . 
and very often you have to pay a lot of money for the product you want . 
another problem is that shops and stores are often overcrowded . very often you can hardly move because of the crowds of people . 
and many people are in a hurry , so don't be surprised if other people do not have the tolerance and patience to wait and hit you with their shopping trolleys . 
of course there are a lot of other reasons why shopping isn't always great fun , but the last reason , which is very important for me , is that shopping is becoming more and more impersonal . that means that there are more and more big supermarkets and big stores , where no one has time for you to help you or explain things to you such as what kind of bicycle is the best for you , no one to talk to and no one to complain to . that is the most important reason why i only like to go shopping in small stores , where i have peace and quiet and very often nothing to complain about . 
dear ms helen ryan , 
thank you very much for awarding me the first prize - camping in california . i really look forward to it because i have never been to the u . s . a . before . 
i would like to have my two weeks with you in july , as it will be during my summer holiday . in addition to that , it is said to be the best season there . i will join in with the swimming group and the photography group . both of them are my hobbies . i have won some prizes in my school competitions in them . therefore , i am quite confident about them . 
i would be grateful if you could put me into the tent side of accommodation because i have had all my holidays with my parents in luxury hotels . i would like to try it this time . as all the travel expenses are paid already , i would appreciate it if you could tell me what kind of clothing and also how much pocket money i need . 
i look forward to hearing from you in due course . 
yours sincerely
dear kim , 
the concert i helped at last week was the greatest experience i've ever had . 
i mainly gave them a hand in setting up the stage . you know , although i'm a pop music fan , i'd never had any idea how it was prepared for opening . first , they asked me to put those instruments on the stage . i left the hi-fi system on the left side ( it should have been on the other side ) . before his opening , the pop star noticed the mistake . otherwise it would have been a disaster . 
the performer , paul , is a big name at the present . but i'd never seen him before . this time , i saw him in person . i told him i loved his songs . he was very happy . then , we have had a lovely conversation . afterwards , he gave me his pen for my enthusiasm . 
anyway , how are you ? write soon . tell me how you're getting on in your new job . 
best wishes , 
dear helen ryan , 
i am writing to you to thank you for the prize you're giving me . this is the first time in my life that i won anything like that . when i received your letter , i could not believe it . 
i am glad to reply to your letter . unfortunately , i will only be able to go in july because the restaurant where i am working will be closed for that month . 
on my last holiday in a tent i had a very bad experience , the mosquitoes nearly killed me . i would prefer a log cabin . 
with reference to the activities , i have never been climbing . i would like to try this sport . i am a lover of danger sports . i am a really good singer . i enjoy a lot with karaoke enjoy karaoke a lot . 
i am in doubt as to what kind of clothes i have to bring with me . and may i also ask you how much money i have to take with me . 
please , if you could help me with this i would be very glad . 
thank you one more time for everything . 
yours sincerely
hi kim , 
you cannot imagine what i've been up to . i had the best experience in my life . 
i've to relax to explain to you this this to you very well . 
the company i work for works for los svaves . it's a very famous group from my country . can you guess who they chose for the job , " me " , yes , me , i couldn't believe it . at the moment just i went just to one concert . 
my job basically was to , before and after the actuation , make everything ready . i got used to doing it very quickly . 
to be honest the most excited exciting part of all this was getting to know the group . the singer is a very nice guy , as are the rest of the group . 
if this happens again i'll write to you to tell you more . 
your friend
dear mrs helen ryan , 
i am writing in reply to your letter . i am glad to have won the first prize in your competition for two weeks at camp california in the usa . 
about the information that you need , i must tell you that i will be able to travel only in july because i have got a new job and i can't ask for more than one month of holidays each year and in the other months i will be very busy because my workmates will take holidays in these months . 
regarding the accommodation , i would preferred prefer a tent because it is more appropriate to a camp . and regarding the activities , i must choose photography and painting because i am not very good at sports and i think i do well at these things . 
finally i just want to ask you what kind of clothes i have to bring with me , and approximately how much money do you think i will need ? thank you very much for everything . 
yours sincerely
juanita fabiola martin
31 sea old state
valles co . cornel
wales
13th june , 2000
dear kim , 
here i am , writing to you to tell you everything about my wonderful experience at the concert . you can't imagine how much i enjoyed that journey . 
i started early in the morning , helping to carry stuff from the trucks to the place where the band played . i helped with the musical stuff like speakers , mics , lights , sound equipment , etc . and later the band arrived and played two or three times before the concert started . and i helped them fix the last details . 
when the concert started , i was preparing some drinks for the band because after the concert they would be very tired and thirsty . 
after the concert i only helped tidy up the place and made sure that everything was under control and clean . later the band was talking to me , i could get their new album free , and some other souvenirs from the band . 
but the thing that i particularly liked was that i could do all kinds of things just in one day and i could feel different emotions . 
so , that's everything that i can tell you . i enjoyed it a lot and i hope to have another experience like this . 
dear mrs . ryan , 
i am writing to you to give you the suitable information you need about me . but also i would like to thank you for the very nice prize . 
here is some of the information: i would like to travel in july because the school year ends then and i will be able to go on vacation . i would prefer to stay in log cabins because i can't sleep outside in a tent . i would be very pleased if i could practise basketball and swimming . i am very good at basketball and i play in my school team . i know how to swim and dive from high places . i am very keen on both sports . 
of course there are some things that i would like to ask you . if possible , i would like to know what kind of clothes should i i should take with me , and finally how much money i will need to have with me . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you . thank you again . 
yours sincerely , 
dear kim
i'm writing to tell you about my experience last month . 
you know that last month i helped at a pop concert and i enjoyed it very much . i did many different kinds of things . first of all i helped with the decoration of the place where the concert would take place . then i helped the dancers with their dance on stage . after that i helped the singers perform and dance together and finally i helped with the lights for the show . it was amazing ! 
i had a really great time working with all the pop singers and dancers and decorators . i even met some very interesting people with whom i became really good friends . what i liked the most was working with the singers , teaching them how to dance and follow some steps . 
this was an experience i'll never forget . i'm looking forward to hearing from you very , very soon . 
your friend
dear helen
thank you for the letter . i was very pleased when i knew that i had won the first prize . i would like to go there only in july , please , because i have a holiday in july . for accommodation i would prefer log cabins because they is they are more comfortable than tents . and i don't have to worry about the weather . for two activities , regarding the first one , can i do tennis , please , because i'm very good at tennis . i used to play a lot when i was a student . regarding the second one , can i do photography , please , because this is my hobby . and my dad just bought me a new camera . so this is this will be my first chance to use it . 
can you tell me what sort of clothes i need to bring , please . i'm not sure about the weather in california in the daytime and in the nighttime . and do you have any idea how much money i need to bring ? 
thank you very much for your offering offer . i hope to hear from you . 
yours sincerely
hi , kim
thanks for the letter asking about the pop concert . it was really good . i'm glad i went . my responsibilities were selling the tickets and making sure that everything was alright . it was good to work with a lot of people and to share experiences . i met a lot of famous pop bands for the first time . i would feel sad if i hadn't gone there . they gave me a concert t-shirt . i'll show you my photographs . 
from that time i had a lot of friends also some of them were old friends from college . so we still keep in touch . and the next concert we were promised we'll be there again . i wish you had been there with us . because sometimes you wouldn't have known the experience until you had had it . 
anyway , i will send you some photographs . i hope to hear back from you . take care and don't work too hard . please give my love to your family . 
best wishes
dear mr. ryan
thank you very much for your letter . i appreciated this big news . please , let me tell you my answer now . 
first , i would like to travel during july . this is because my college will finish at the end of june and i am going to go back to japan in august . second , i prefer to stay in a log cabin . i usually stay in a tent during camping . actually , i don't like tents so much . therefore , i am interested in staying in a log cabin . third , i chose painting and golf as activities . i learned painting when i was a school student . in particular , i like water painting . also , i belonged to a golf club when i went to university in japan . 
finally , i would like you to advise me about clothes and pocket money , which i will take . thanking you for your time . 
yours sincerely , 
shopping is always enjoyable for me . i love shopping . i never feel tired during shopping . 
in particular , i prefer to go to department stores . they are heaven ! i can spend all day in there . in fact , they have many kinds of products which make me happy . to be honest , i don't always buy these products , but i can be satisfied with just looking at them . some people don't like to go shopping with a friend who takes a long time to decide . even in this case , shopping is fun for me . i believe there are a lot of ways to enjoy shopping . 
by the way , shopping is a sort of therapy . i sometimes go shopping when i have stress . shopping helps me to cheer up every time . i think many people , especially women , have the same experience . but the most important thing to enjoy shopping is not to spend all the money which you have . 
dear miss helen ryan
i am writing in reply to your letter . i am absolutely delighted with the news . it really took me by surprise , this prize . i didn't think i would be so lucky as to win . 
first of all , about your enquiries , the only time suitable for me to travel is in july . the reason is that my academic year starts in august therefore i need to be here . 
secondly , i would rather stay in a tent . there's no further reason than that it would be a new experience for me and i'm very excited about it . 
i am very keen on photography so i definitely will choose this as one of my activities at the camp . the other thing i'd love to do is sailing . i have got some experience already and i'm used to any weather conditions , furthermore i simply love water sports and their challenges . 
finally i'd like to ask you some questions , which are mainly about small details . i am not sure whether i will need some special clothes . if not what sort of clothes should i bring , and also how much money roughly will i need for my daily expenses . i would be very grateful for your help and advice in these matters . 
thanks for the wonderful news . 
i'm looking forward to it . 
yours sincerely
dear kim
my dear friend , i hope you are very well and just as happy as i am . you must remember me telling you about the pop concert . well now that it's over i have time to tell you everything about it . 
the concert was a huge success . lots of people came and enjoyed the music . 
i am very proud of myself because of the way i managed the whole experience , although there were moments when i thought i wasn't going to be able to cope with all the pressure , especially when the musicians arrived . they can be very demanding people and sometimes they come up with very odd requests . for example once they wanted mineral water of a certain french label which was impossible to get . 
my tasks were very specific specific . i had to help with the layout of the stage , which was very complicated , because there are so many cables , and weir and things going on at the same time . after that part was fully functioning i moved on to work backstage . 
i really enjoyed working with those people . they are all very professional although they may look a bit eccentric sometimes . however , what i liked the most about it was seeing so many people dancing , jumping and enjoying frenetically something that i had been part of and helped to make happen . 
looking forward to hearing from you soon . 
best wishes
thank you for the letter you have sent recently . it was a surprise to learn that i won the first prize . the reason i am really writing , however , is to give you some details about my trip to california . 
i'll be taking an english examination at the end of june and i think it would be a good idea if i can travel in july because it's the only month i can spend abroad this year . 
in the letter you said that the accommodation provided can be either a tent or a log cabin . i would prefer to stay in a tent so that i will have the chance to be in contact with nature as well as the scenery around the camp . 
the activities i would like to choose from the activity list are singing ( because i belong to a choir at school ) and photography . i'm really good at taking pictures . it's a way i have to express my feelings . 
i wonder if you could send me more information about what kind of clothes we have to bring . do you think you could also let me know how much money we will need during our stay at the camp . 
i would be grateful if you could send me a brochure and a map showing where the camp is . 
thanking you in anticipation . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours faithfully , 
what a surprise it was to get a letter from you after all this time . sorry i haven't written for so long but i was really busy trying to apply for a job . this is just to let you know with whom i worked . 
in order to celebrate the 125th anniversary of the city , the county council organised an open air concert . it was a summer night and all the citizens , as well as tourists , had the opportunity to attend . the pop band " five " arrived in town and needed people to help with not only the organisation but also with building the stages and sound . i knew some help was needed so i decided to speak to the manager . i couldn't believe it when he said: " o . k . , if you want to help , here is a list of what you can do . " my job was to leave some leaflets in shops , restaurants and on the streets . 
working with this band was an experience i will never forget . what i really enjoyed was being part of the staff . 
although i was very nervous , i knew i could do the job well . 
i'd love to hear all your news . why don't you come and visit me ? perhaps i could show you the pictures i took . 
i'm looking forward to hearing from you soon . 
love from , 
dear sir or madam , 
thank you very much for the prize . i am writing this letter to inform you that i have received your letters and i am going on the trip . 
i would like to go on the trip in july because my school , which is berkeley international school , is going to arrange the end of term break both for staff and students . the other reason is , i think in july the weather is not so cold . the weather conditions will be suitable for camping . i prefer to stay in tents rather than log cabin because sleeping in a tent makes me more comfortable and i can get closer to nature . every night i would like to go out of the small tent into the nice environment outside the tent . also , staying in a tent is more comfortable . i'll have to be careful about insects so i've bought so many insect repellants . i can choose to do 2 activities so i would like to play tennis and go swimming . when i was in the fourth form , i got the first prize in a swimming competition and third prize in tennis . i was a bit disappointed with the result because i was expected to win the first prize or second prize . 
lastly , i would like to ask you some questions . first , how many clothes do i have to bring ? and do i have to bring some money ? it would be very kind of you if you could answer my questions . 
yours sincerely , 
seua thanapol . 
dear kim , 
hi ! how are you ? i am fine and i hope you're fine too . i have an interesting story to tell you . i've been asked to help by the well-known band westlife . at first i was surprised but a few second seconds later , when i realised that i wasn't allowed to go , i tried to persuade my teacher to let me go . eventually , she allowed me to go . 
i had to help them behind the stage , while they were getting dressed . i had to keep things in place and check that the microphones were working properly . although the work was not heavy hard , i gained a lot of experience . they gave me their autograph autographs and when the concert started , they told me to come up on the stage and dance with them . i was really embarrassed because i had to dance in front of a lot of people but that was the very best experience i have ever had . i really enjoyed the concert . the thing that i particularly liked about the concert was i got a free ticket from westlife to go to the a1 concert , which is another well-known band . i really want to have that experience again . 
that is my story . tell me yours . i want to know what experiences you had when you were in england . 
best wishes , 
dear helen:
i have just received your letter , and i am very happy about this . thanks very much ! 
i think i would like to travel only in july because i'll have just finished my course at that time , and i can have a short holiday in these days . it will be very nice for me . 
accommodation at camp california is in tents or log cabins . i think i like both of them , because i've never been there before , and never heard of these two places . i am very interested in both places but , i can just choose one place . i think i will choose log cabins ; it they sound good and if i have time , maybe i can stay in tents next time ( maybe next year ) . 
when i am at camp , i will choose singing and photography . i can sing classical music and pop music , seem like rock &amp; roll . maybe titanic . my mum likes me singing this song . and i can also take very good photographs , because i learned to do this in china two years ago . 
another thing is i would like to ask you some questions about the stay . what's the weather like ? what kind of clothes shall i take ? and how much does it cost per night to live to stay in a hotel ? thanks for your help . 
yours
shopping is not always enjoyable
a lot of people enjoy shopping very much . me too . but sometimes shopping is not very enjoyable . 
firstly , i am a student . i don't have a job , so , i have to ask for money from my parents . i can't ask for too much . that's very bad for my parents . when i go shopping , i always feel ashamed because i spend my parents' money . ( although i have got a part-time job , it provides just enough to pay my rent . ) 
secondly , if you live in a big city , things are always expensive . you spend more money on buying clothes and food , you think you will be very happy when you shop , but when you come back home and take out your purse , you will be sad , your . your purse is nearly empty ( when you don't have enough money ) . 
sometimes , when you shop on the street , you will see a lot of things that you like , and you can't buy them once , then maybe you will feel very sad . and then , you may save money for the things you like , nothing to do , just for the poor things what you like so funny , isn't it ? 
another thing is when you shop on a busy street , like oxford st in london , a lot of thieves are there . they will steal your money . that's so dangerous . 
so , in my opinion shopping is not really enjoyable all the time for me . this will stop when i get a good job . maybe i will feel better and enjoy it . 
dear helen ryan , 
thank you very much for your letter . i'm very surprised to win this prize . about the information , i would like to travel in july because it's only the month when i have a vacation . it's very difficult to change it . about the accommodation at camp california , i would prefer tents because i like the countryside and i like to listen to the birds . at the camp i would like to play tennis and golf . my level in these two activities is medium . i never practise them both . i would like to ask you some questions . 
how much money should we take ? or isn't it necessary ? 
what kind of clothes met it ? 
in the first prize you include a second person like my husband ? 
is it necessary to wear special clothes for the activities ? 
thank you again for this first prize of two weeks at camp california in the u . s . a . i'm very happy . 
yours sincerely
shopping is not always enjoyable . last weekend i went to barcelona with some friends to shop . when we arrived at the shopping centre , i saw a lot of people . i don't understand why there were a lot of people . my friends and i went to a clothes shop - " mango " - to buy some clothes . nobody in the shop came with us to help . there were four guys , in this shop . we asked them if one of them could help us . finally , a very friendly girl came with us . we bought some trousers , tee-shirts , and one pair of shoes . my friends bought some things like red trousers and white tee-shirts . after this , we returned to andorra . but it's not always the same story because i like shopping and i think i'm enjoyable . the people in the shops are not unfriendly all the time . 
dear helen ryan , 
i am amazed about the prize in your competition . i am looking forward to going to camp california in the usa and i am writing to give you further information . 
i would like to travel only in july because this is the only month that i am on holiday each year . 
about accommodation , i would prefer to stay in a tent because it will be a new experience for me . i like to have new experiences , especially when i am on holiday . 
i am pleased to have the opportunity to practise do sports as well . i am good at swimming and playing tennis . 
i would like to know how much money i need to have to spend there and if i need to take with me my sports clothes . will camp california provide the clothes for swimming and playing tennis ? 
if you need some more information let me know . 
yours sincerely
rita fernandez . 
shopping is not always enjoyable
in my opinion shopping is a very good practice that gives you more opportunities to enjoy yourself . i don't understand why men don't like shopping , at least they say that they don't . 
despite the fact that i love shopping i have to agree that it is not " always " enjoyable . sometimes you go out and you can't find something special or there are a lot of people there . it's annoying . 
you shouldn't go shopping when the shops are so busy because it's so annoying . if you want to buy a christmas present buy it some days before christmas . 
another point is that now you don't need to go out shopping . you can buy a lot of products over the internet . 
i believe if you choose the best way or the best day to go shopping you will love it . 
in conclusion i think there are boring times and enjoyable times when you are shopping but for me there are more enjoyable than boring times . 
dear helen ryan
i was so happy when i found out that i won first prize in your competition . i'm i hope that it will be a good gift for me from your organization . 
you asked me when i would like to travel ? i would like to travel only in july because in august i must go to my grandmother's and help her to gather a harvest of fruit . i'd prefer to take a tent because it is more romantic and exciting to spend nights in a tent . and with the tent i can go to another place in the camp . when it rains it is not comfortable , but i like it . i'm i want to do activities like basketball , because i think it is a teenager's game . and i'm i like painting because i like to paint nature , sea , mountains . i'm i often go to exhibitions of paintings of modern artists . but i like different styles of art . i'd i think i'll enjoy this trip . 
i want to know some information about it . 
can i stay more then two weeks if i like it ? 
what day i can can i start my trip ? in what conditions will it be spent ? and the last one , how much money i should should i take there ? 
i'm really looking forward to your answers . and i hope to see you soon . bye
yours sincerely gubin . 
shopping is not always enjoyable . 
i'm i abolutely agree with this , because i have my own experience of shopping . for example , recently i was shopping at the market , which is located in the centre of our town . and and what do you think ? when i was there i saw a very beautiful t-shirt . i asked my mother to buy it . but my mother said: " i haven't enough money to buy it " . i was upset about it . our government is very bureaucratic . our ministers are really criminal . they often break the law , steal stealing money . for example , paul kozin had stolen stole 800000000 dollars . because of it our state can't pay workers in schools , hospitals , on building sites . in our country there is a high number of unemployed . usually often people can't buy a piece of bread . and they ask for money from other people . my parents can't buy me all what i want our society our full . each man thinks only about himself . quality the quality of life is very low . 
but i hope that i there will be a time when each person can buy himself everything that he or she wants and shopping will be always always be enjoyable . 
13th june 2000
dear mrs . ryan , 
i am writing with reference to your letter about the competition i won , in which you requested some additional information . 
i am very happy to have won a two-week trip to camp california , but for me it is only possible to travel in july because it is the only time when i can get holidays from work . therefore , it is essential that you take account of my availability when booking the trip . 
as i am an expert camper , i would prefer to be put up in a tent rather than in a log cabin . concerning activities at the camp , i would be highly delighted if i could play basketball and tennis . the former because i am an excellent basketball player and the latter because i am interested in taking up a new sport and i am a complete beginner at it . 
i am a little unsure about some things and i would be very grateful to you if you could answer my questions . i would like to know if i will need to take some special clothes and how much money would i need to bring with me . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely , 
report on daily life at my school , for my english teacher
introduction
after our english class's decision to make a short film about daily life in my school , i have been asked to write a report about interesting lessons and activities that should be filmed . the aim of this report is to inform my teacher about them . here are my findings . 
best lessons to film
as all the students are different from each other , it is essential to show many aspects of the school . therefore , to show the good aspects , i suggest filming mr. clark's english classes , because they are highly educational and because the students participate a lot . on the other hand , to show less pleasing aspects , it would be sufficient to film mrs . morrison's french classes , as they are extremely boring and sub-standard . 
interesting activities
one event that should not be missed is the weekly football game between teachers and students , which shows how well they get along with each other . another event that should definitely be captured on film is the preparation of the meals in the canteen . the cooks are very friendly and excellent . 
conclusion
in conclusion , i suggest that our english class seriously takes into consideration my suggestions when making the video . because the above mentioned events are the ones most praised or criticised by all students . 
indian demuro
dear helen ryan , 
i have just seen the letter this morning and i am very happy about winning the competition . i believe i have the appropriate qualifications to stay two weeks at camp california . it would be wonderful to see you as soon as possible . 
first of all , i will be able to travel in july only because i have not finished school . although i wish that my accommodation at camp california it must be in a tent . i had experience of this last summer . 
secondly , i am very keen on sports , specially sailing and swimming . anyway i am hard working for the world cup at sailing working hard at sailing for the world cup . 
finally , i would like to know how the weather is in july ? because i have to prepare all my stuff luggage and i am sure it will be a great experience despite the cost of living . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely , 
dear kim , 
hi , how are you ? i'm fine . thank you for my birthday present . 
sorry about my last letter but i've been travelling . i didn't tell you about my last job . you remember last month i helped at a pop concert . anyway , it was fantastic . you can't imagine what the concert was like ? 
i was responsible for checking tickets at the entrance , then i had to give a seat to everyone . anyway i enjoyed it so much . i haven't been to a concert before so the atmosphere was really good . i won't forget my experience in my whole life . 
do you remember the computer course that we took together . it was very useful to classify each person at the concert . so keep in touch . 
lots of love , 
dear mrs . ryan , 
first of all , i would like to thank you for the letter which brought me such good news . 
i enjoyed a lot participating in your competition and hope to appreciate enjoy the trip i have won . 
secondly , i will give you with pleasure some information about myself you need to have . 
to be honest , the only suitable time for me to travel is in july because my session at the university will have finished only at the end of june . 
for accommodation at camp california i prefer a tent because i have been camping for years and enjoy it very much . 
as i have a chance to do 2 activities while i am at the camp , i will choose singing , which i am very good at , and swimming , which i am fond of but , unfortunately , not a professional . 
finally i would like you to tell me if i should take some special clothes and also what sum of money i will need . . . during my vacation . 
i wish you all the best and look forward to hearing from you soon . 
sincerely yours , 
lena kazanova
a lot of women would never agree with me and almost all the men in the world would never believe that in my opinion shopping is really not always enjoyable . 
eternal crowds , high prices , long hours of choosing a suitable thing , that is what shopping means to me . 
in particular , i can't bear to go shopping with my mother: it takes so much time that later i regret agreeing to go with her . 
when i am on my own , everything is fine: i do my shopping quickly because i never have to spend hours choosing what i really want either for myself or someone else . 
shopping is a personal art and everybody has his own way of doing it . 
some go just to kill time ; others to look at something new . i am in the third group - beforehand i think of what i will buy and go straight to the department i need . 
but sometimes i have to forget my opinion and spend all the day looking with my mother with my mother looking through a huge department-store . 
dear mr. ryan , 
i am writing to answer your invitation which i have received as a first prize winner . i would be really delighted to visit for two weeks camp california in the u . s . a . camp california in the u . s . a . for two weeks . 
this would be an ideal opportunity for me to visit the united states to learn about the american way of life . 
first of all , i would like to travel in july because i have a lot of work in my company at the moment , so my boss said i can have my holiday only in july . 
secondly , i'd prefer to stay in tents . that would be the first chance for me to sleep on the outskirts of california . it could be very enjoyable . and i would like to choose as my activities golf and painting . i used to play golf several years ago and i like to paint the composition . 
last , i have no experience of travelling abroad . therefore i'd like to know about the weather in california in july . which clothes should i take ? maybe there are some occasions when i have to pay for myself . as mentioned above , please take care to give me more information , and if you'd like to know more , please telephone me for further discussion . 
i look forward to hearing from you soon . 
yours sincerely , 
yuna arniston
seoul is the capital city of korea . 
it is a largish city and has a population of over eight million . i went to school there for twelve years . many people say : " when you have a son , send him to seoul to get a job and to have the chance of the best opportunity . there are all kinds of facilities which you can imagine . 
most of the people like to go to the centre of the city , that's meong-dong where is the underground arcade the underground arcade is and several businesses have their headquarter headquarters there . there are also many kinds of take-away restaurants , where i can taste my favourite foods . 
that doesn't cost much . 
if i go to visit my family in korea , i usually walk along the meong-dong streets , and enjoy window shopping . 
but there is always a lot of traffic at all times , and the air is so polluted that i can't even breathe . i always feel very tired after the shopping because of unfriendly people who are too busy . 
shopping is not always enjoyable . 
yuna arniston
dear sir , 
i was very happy when your letter arrived , yesterday . this trip will be very important for me . that is why i am interested in travelling to the u . s . a as soon as possible . 
i would like to travel in july because i will be on my winter holidays , so i will not miss classes at school . i would really prefer to stay in a tent because i love sleeping outdoors and listening to the noises from outside . 
i am going to tell you two activities that i would like to do while i will be at the camp . firstly i would be happy if you let me play tennis , because i have played it for four years and i do it well , and secondly i believe that singing could be interesting because i really like it and i have a beautiful voice . 
i was wondering about the kind of clothes that i will have to wear and finally could you tell me how much money i will have to take ? 
i look forward to receiving more news . 
yours faithfully , 
rosario de los peines ( mrs ) . 
dear kim , 
hello ! how are you ? i'm writing because i know that you're interested in hearing about my experience when i enjoyed helping at a pop concert last month . perhaps in the future you'll be able to help too . 
if you want to help at a pop concert you'll have to write about yourself in a competition as i did , then , if you win the organiser will phone you and you'll be able to help them . 
at the concert i had to clear and organize all the people who were there , but at the end of the night i was able to talk with one of my favourite pop singers . i think that was the experience i liked most and which i will never forget . 
looking forward to hearing from you . 
love , 
dear helen ryan , 
in response to your letter that i have just received i am writing to give you all the further information you need . 
according to your letter , i should tell you when i would like to travel and i think july is the best time for me because i will be on summer vacation so i would not have to miss any classes . 
about the accommodation , i would prefer a tent because i enjoy the contact with nature as well as camping activities . 
as i may choose the two activities i would like to do during my stay at the camp from the list given in your letter , i choose singing and photography . i have been taking singing lessons since i was ten years old so i am pretty good at it . on the other hand , i am a beginner at photography skills . 
i would appreciate it if you could inform me if i have to bring any money for extra costs or even any special kind of clothes for those activities . 
thanks in advance for your assistance . 
yours sincerely
catarina pontes
shopping is not always enjoyable
these days people are shopping more often than they used to . sometimes shopping can be a stressful experience though people think of it as an enjoyable part of their lives . 
first of all , shopping can be a good thing if it is a chance to forget about all the problems you have , even if it is just for a moment . it relieves you from the pressure of life while you are looking for something to buy . 
on the other hand , sometimes you can get really irritable shopping , like when you have to deal with unhelpful shop assistants . it is a very common phenomenon these days and you have to be patient if you really want to buy something . 
furthermore , sometimes you do not find a variety of goods and you eventually buy a low quality product . 
in conclusion , like all things in life , shopping can be pleasant or irritating depending on your patience and on your mood that day . 
13th june , 2000
dear mrs ryan , 
i received your letter and i am very excited about the camp . 
i would like to go in july , i don't mind which two weeks , but it has to be that month because in june i am still in school and in august i am going on holiday with my family . 
i would prefer to sleep in a tent because i think it's different from where i sleep every night so i would appreciate it if there are still tents available . 
one of the activities i would prefer to do is climbing . i haven't done a lot of it but i've always found it interesting and i think this would be a good opportunity to become better at it . the other activity i would like to do is tennis , i'm quite good at it and i have been playing for four years . 
i would like to know what type of clothes i should take and also if i need to take any money with me . 
thanks for your attention . 
yours sincerely , 
ma . anni soler
13th june , 2000
dear kim , 
hello girl , how are you doing these days ? i have been great , especially last weekend at the backstreet boys concert . it was so exciting . 
they were giving two concerts , one on friday and the other one on saturday . they invited me to go on friday . this is what happened: when i arrived they told me that i was helping backstage with the scenery ; then the group arrived , we chat for like 15 minutes , then they had to go on stage . here is where the good part starts , i was doing the curtains ( opening and closing ) when nick came up to me and asked me to go on stage with him . my heart started beating very hard . the next second i was in front of more than 2 thousand people dancing with the backstreet boys . i had a great time that day . 
well i have to go now . hope to hear from you later . 
love , 
anni . 
dear madam , 
first , i want to say how happy i am to have won this prize and i want to thank you . 
concerning the information you want , i will give it . 
i would like to travel in july because this is the only month off given to me by my employer . i would prefer to have a log cabin because i cannot sleep in a tent ( it is too hot and the floor is too hard for my back ) . concerning the two activities i have to choose , i would prefer to swim and play tennis ( i have a good level of proficiency in each sport ) . 
finally i would like to know how much money i have to bring and what sorts of clothes are usually worn in california . 
yours faithfully
pablo fernandez
many classes and activities are important in our school . but i have to make a choice in order to select from among them . the class of mechanics engineering engineering class seems to be the most important lesson . it uses a lot of techniques that we learn in other classes . it gives us knowledge useful for many school clubs , like the " marathon shell " club or the robotics club . besides it gives all the areas covered by a mechanical engineer and it is very important in a school where you will probably become a mechanical engineer . it lets us identify our abilities and the part of mechanics that we prefer . but there are other very important lessons ( like english of course ! ) actually , i have a regret - there is no ethics lesson . it would show us how to use our knowledge . 
dear helen ryan , 
i am writing to you to give you the information you need , but first of all i want to say that i am really delighted and i would like to thank you . 
if it is possible i wish to travel in july because i have planned my holidays this month at work and i would not be able to move them . for . regarding accommodation , i would choose the log cabin . i am not very fond of " adventure " , which is why tents are not for me . i expect that these two weeks will be a big rest . 
third , you need to know which sport i want to to do . i would choose photography and tennis . in photography , i am just a novice , nevertheless i have got a suitable camera . . . ( i guess that you shouldn't borrow one ! ) regarding tennis , i have played for eight years and i used to sit to enter competitions . 
to finish , i wonder if i need to bring some money or if everything has been already paid for and what kind of clothes should i bring ? 
yours sincerely
joachim delerm
our engineering school is specialised in mechanics and thermodynamics . needless to say , we must turn our attention to these fields . 
first , we could film the fluid mechanics lessons and the general mechanics lessons . i wonder if we could not feet between some short view of the laboratories , in which we could show a student doing experimentation experiments . in order to impress people who will watch the film , we could film a student drawing on the big drawing tables . i would do the same for thermodynamics . 
nevertheless , we should not forget the extra-curricular life at school . we have to show sports at school and all the activities that we are offered . it is not only the brain which should be trained . future students could appreciate coming if they could still do their sport . 
another point to record would be the time we have got between lessons or at lunch time . it will show a part of the way of life in the school . 
if you want further information or if you disagree , tell me about it . 
dear madam , 
i have received your letter about the competition 'two weeks at camp california' - i am very glad to know that i have won the first prize ! in the following you can find , i hope , all the information you need to complete the participation enrolment procedure . i would like to travel only in july because , as you already know , at the moment i am following a doctoral course at cornell university: the school is closed in july and so , in that period , i am available for the camp . if possible , the type of accommodation i prefer is a tent . there are two main reasons for this choice: i am very keen on camping in high mountains and hills and i am very skilled in all the related activities: building up putting up the tent , cooking on camp and so on . furthermore i have several personal objects that play a fundamental role in the daily life of the camp ( the tent , the sleeping bag and so on . ) . among the proposed activities , i prefer swimming and singing . indeed , i like water sports and i am quite a good guitarist and singer . some questions: what is the average temperature at the camp in july ? what are the best clothes to wear at the camp ? how much money will i need at the camp ? 
i will be very glad to participate in your camp ! 
yours faithfully 
steve galliano
our school , as is well known , is a technical school and consequently its daily life consists of different activities performed in the classrooms or in the laboratories . a short video , shown to the english class , must take into account all these aspects of the life of our school . here we can describe some lessons or other activities which can be filmed for the video . the maths lessons are divided in two parts : the theoretical one where the definitions and the theorems are presented to students and the numerical one where the problems are solved and the applications are explained . two particular activities are performed in the physics laboratory and the chemistry laboratory . in the former some of the most important physical laws are experimentally verified by the students with the help of an assistant . in the latter many chemical reactions may be reproduced to show to the students the resulting effects and the final compounds generated . these activities are very interesting and they will surely be included in the video . 
moreover , many sports activities are performed in our school: swimming , tennis , gym , jogging and so on . some parts of the final video may show these additional features of the school . 
dear helen ryan , 
i am writing to reply to your letter about the holiday at camp california in the u . sa which is the first prize in the competition which i fortunately won last month . 
first of all , i want to know if it is possible to travel in july because during that month i will be free from the school's activities and my parents only let me go if i do not have to miss any of my classes . 
about the activities that i have to choose , i have to say that it is quite difficult for me because i really like sports , but i think the best option is swimming because i have been practising doing it for 5 years so i want to keep at it . the other activity that i chose is painting . i am not as good as i want , nevertheless i think i can improve my skills during this course . 
i would rather have a tents tent than a log cabin for my accommodation because last summer i had the great opportunity to be in a log cabin and now i want to know what the other option . i am sure it will be thrilling to stay close to nature and , at the same time , it would be a new experience for me . 
i would like to know how the weather is in california during the summer so i can bring with me the appropriate clothes and the last thing i need to know is the amount of money that i have to bring with me . 
if you need more information , please do not hesitate to write to me . 
yours sincerely , 
to: john weller . 
from: raquel rossell . 
re: suggestions for the film . 
introduction
to make this report easier and faster , it was necessary to make a questionnaire which was given out in the school . 
after collecting the answers , i obtained the following results:
1- it would be a good idea to film the computer centre , the listening room room and the library because , as everybody knows , they have very good equipment and also they are comfortable places that help the students to improve their english on their own . 
2 - they also think that through filming some of the lessons that they usually have , known as " one-to-one " lessons , people who see this video will become interested in knowing more about the school , because few english schools have this sort of class . 
3 - last but not least , a lot of students ( almost 85% ) think that the extra-curricular activities organised by the social programme have become really exciting . so they suggest filming these activites during the weekend , for example " the full day in oxford " because those who did not have the opportunity to go there could see how great it was and then they can attend the next time . however , 15% thought that it was not a good idea because it would be boring to see other people enjoying themselves and they mentioned it as not really important . 
conclusion
as you can see , my classmates and almost everybody in the school are happy with the facilities and activities that we have . despite there being almost 300 students , the answers were quite similar . 
i do recommend paying attention to the food in the cafeteria because , even though it was not the main subject of this report , they also wrote complaining to complain about it . 
if you need more information or the sheets that i collected , please do not hesitate to ask me for them . 
dear helen ryan
i have just received your letter and i am really looking forward to going on this trip . here is some information you asked for and also a few questions . 
i would like to travel in july , as it will be summer , and the weather will be nicer . regarding accommodation log cabins would be better for me , because they are more comfortable . 
one of the activities i will do is tennis , but i am just a beginner , so i would like someone to teach me . the other activity will be photography , which i am very good at . 
i am wondering if there will be anywhere for me to wash my clothes , or if i will have them washed . i would also like to know how much money i should bring with me . 
i am waiting for your prompt reply . 
yours sincerely , 
bradley tudela . 
shopping is not always enjoyable
many people enjoy going shopping , meeting friends and mainly spending their money , but sometimes shopping can be a terrible experience . 
the good side of this activity is that it can be a good leisure , provided you are not in a hurry . 
on the other hand , when the shops are crowded ( for instance , just before christmas ) , going shopping can be very stressful , as you cannot walk freely and have to endure endless queues . another problem is the shortage of trolleys in supermarkets , which is very common when they are full of people . as if this were not enough , there are always impolite assistants , who make your day even worse . 
summing up , going shopping can be a relaxing activity if you choose the right day , but be aware of how dangerous it can be for your patience . 
dear ms helen ryan ! 
i was pleased to receive your letter recently . i feel very happy with my results , and i can't wait to go to california . 
now i'm going to give you some information you asked about . 
i'm sorry to say this , but the only time i will be able to take this trip is in july , according to our team's schedule . 
the next thing - i would prefer to spend all the nights in a tent , so i can move it to the place that will best suit me suit me best . i like to wake up with a view of mountains , which reminds me of my 5 years' experience of climbing . 
also i enjoy walking and photography . i filled have filled two albums with birds and flowers . 
so , is it possible ? i would like to continue doing my favourite hobbies in the camp . 
and the last question i have -
do i need to bring any special clothes or gize ? and how much money should i take ? 
thank you , 
yours sincerely
elina
shopping is not always enjoyable
if you need something you have a choice of borrowing it from friends or the library , or to buy buying it . 
let's talk about shopping . as with everything there are some advantages and disadvantages . 
do you think it's an enjoyable way to spend time ? 
if you were to ask me , i prefer my friends to do all my shopping for me , because i am aware of the big queues at the checkpoint checkout , crowds of people , noise . . . and of course not all shops have good air conditioning . 
in my opinion the best time for shopping is weekdays , preferably in the morning . 
otherwise , you will either not find what you are looking for , or you will , and spend the rest of the day in a bad mood , because of the bad manners of sales people , who not every time you ask can give you advice do not give you advice every time you ask for it . 
it can be boring , it can be interesting . 
summarise to summarise everything , i would recommend spending less time indoors , shopping during the weekdays . 
dear sir , 
i am writing to you because i received your letter concerning the prize of two weeks in california that i have won . 
i would like to travel in the first two weeks of july because in june i will be working and at the end of july i am planning to go to paris to attend a french course . 
i would prefer to be accommodated put up in a tent because i love camping but also i don't mind the second possibility . 
in your letter you wrote that i will have the chance to do two activities; first of all i would like to play tennis because i have been playing for seven years . secondly i would like to attend a course of surfing surfing course but i have just some elementary knowledge . 
i would like also to have more information about the cost and what kind of clothes you suggest i should bring with me . 
i am looking forward to your reply
yours faithfully
first of all i would like to say that i think it is important in this video to concentrate on a few interesting parts of our daily life at school
it interesting will be it will be interesting to show how the lessons are organized , saying showing that we are never doing just one activity during the class . we should speak about our library , that it is well furnished with many books , tapes and videos . 
after that we have to make sure that we explain about the relationship between teachers and students , showing the times that we have been out together . 
in addition i think that should be reported in this video some personal opinions about the school some personal opinions about the school should be reported by asking students and teachers . 
finally we should give some information also about our courses concerning tourism , business and computer tourism , business and computer courses . 
dear mrs . ryan , 
thank you very much for your letter . it is great that i could win the first prize in your competition , which means that i will have the opportunity to spend two weeks at camp california in the u . s . a . i am sure it will be an exciting experience for me . 
as requested you will find the information you need below . 
first , i would like to travel in july because my company is going to close for the holiday at that time and it would suit me very well . 
secondly , i would prefer an accommodation to stay in a tent because i enjoy being outside close to nature . 
thirdly , concerning the activities which i can choose , it is a little bit difficult to decide because i would like to try all of them ! as i am very good at tennis and swimming i will choose these . i have won various little tennis tournaments in my country and abroad , and i am able to swim in every style . finally , i have two questions . please let me know what clothes i need and how much money in cash and travellers cheques should i take with me . i look forward to hearing from you soon . 
yours sincerely
e . elmo . 
sometimes the bad characters in a story are more interesting than the good ones . 
i completely agree with this statement . recently i have read a short story written by agatha christie . its title was: " the mystery of hunter's lodge " . the character whom i liked most was that of mrs . havering , the mistress . 
it was very exciting because she could play two people at the same time : herself and the housekeeper . although from my point of view she planned the murder of his uncle and was able to do it , i think that her husband only followed her orders . she was the boss in this story . the plan was almost perfect and the police couldn't have discovered the murderer without the help of mr. poirot . 
in my opinion mrs . havering was an extremely intelligent person in addition to being a very good actress and this made this story full of suspense . moreover she must have had an " ice blood " and strong nerves to handle things in that way . 
as far as i am concerned i would appreciate having some of her characteristics myself , like take a decision and handle . 
13 , june 2000
dear sir or madam , 
firstly i would like to thank you for the two weeks that i am going to spend at camp california
secondly , i will be able to travel in july because i am a manager so i cannot travel another time . now i am going to answer a few questions: i think it is better for me to stay in a log cabin because i have terrible backaches so i cannot sleep on the floor . i would like to sing and take photographs . i've done a course in photography and i think that i am very good at it . on the other hand , i cannot sing very well but i would like to do this activity there . 
i would like to know what type of clothes i should wear there . would you check the weather forecast for me , please ? and how much money am i going to need to have there with me ? 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely . 
maria sophia candoso . 
the lost wallet
a long time ago , when i started working , i received my first paycheque and went to a shopping center to spend my money on my credit card . i bought everything i wanted . 
finally the day to pay my credit card arrived and where was my money ? i started to look everywhere . i asked my mom and my friends and nobody knew where it was . my mom said:
' you told me that you were going to put it in your wallet . '
i started to look for my wallet and i couldn't find it , lighter . now i was without my money and my wallet . what could i do ? 
suddenly the door bell rang . i went to see who was there . it was an old woman asking who maria was . 
' that's me ! ' i said . 
that's when she showed me my wallet and said she had found it on the seat at the eating-place at the shopping center that i went to that day ! 
dear sir or madam , 
i am writing to reply to your letter in which you let me know i have won the first prize in your competition . 
i would like to travel in july as it is the only month this year when i do not have any exams . i am currently attending university and i have exams all term long . 
regarding accommodation i would prefer a tent , as i love nature and i like going camping a lot . 
regarding the two activities i have to choose i will take surfing and basketball . i know very little about surfing , it is almost something new for me . i have only done it once . but , on the other hand , i am a good basketball player , and i play three or four times a week as i play in the university team . 
there are some things i would like to know first of all : the kind of clothes i should take with me ; then , if i need to take any money to the camp ; and finally , if you could tell me when i would be leaving and coming back . 
yours sincerely 
dear kim , 
hi ! how are you ? how are you doing at school ? i have a terrible cold but i feel ok anyway . i got it two weeks ago at a concert , but although i've been to the doctor , i can't get over it ! 
but i don't regret going to that concert . it was wonderful ! you know i love designing clothes , and there i had the chance to make a dream come true . 
a friend of mine was organising the pop concert , and as he knew me well , he asked me if i'd like to design the clothes the pop singers would wear in the show . of course , i accepted immediately , very pleased . 
it was a marvellous experience . i really enjoyed working with such a nice team , they were really kind to me . and , as if that wasn't enough , i was doing what i love ! it's something i will never forget . 
and tell me , are you planning to come back to visit me ? please let me know if you have some days free so we can organise a little journey together . well , i think i'd better finish now . write back soon ! love , 
dear sir/ madam , 
i'm writing with reference to your letter . i was really thrilled , when i found out that i won first prize in your competition . i always dreamed about going to california and now my dreams are coming true . 
if it's possible , i would only like to travel in july , because my school won't be finished earlier . i couldn't go in august , either , because i promised to go to masurian lakes with my friends . 
if i had a choice , i would prefer to stay in a tent then in a log cabin . i can't imagine real holidays without a tent . it's one of the most important things for me , to have a chance to forget about all my present , luxurious life and try doing something different . 
i would be very grateful , if you gave me the possibility of singing . i've always wanted to learn to sing professionally , but i've never had an opportunity . i'm very keen on swimming , too . normally , i live by the seaside and i couldn't live without this sport . last year i was even champion of my school in crawl for one hundred meters . 
i would like to ask you , what clothes should i take with me ? my mother told me , that when she was there two years ago it was really hot . should i take with me a lot of money ? you know , i'm only a student . 
i look forward to hearing from you soon . 
yours sincerely
halina lipnicka
hallo , kim ! 
thanks for your last letter . i'm sorry i haven't replied sooner , but i was very busy . i must tell you that helping at pop concerts is very exciting , but very tiring too , so i had to rest . 
you asked me about my experiences . well , it was the best time of my life ! i worked all day , but i did it with pleasure . we lived here in rush , but there was a lot of fun , too . i was very surprised , when i saw that singers aren't so sophisticated and self-confident as they are described in the newspapers . 
one day i was talking to stenkovska , because i had to go to buy something to eat for everyone , so i had to ask her what she wanted . when she tried to answer me , one small child took her picture with a flash . imagine , she wasn't angry ! she said he should do it again , because she had stupid features ! if i were her , i would kill that boy , but she was nice ! 
truly , my work here wasn't very important , but i really enjoyed it . i've met so many new people here ! sometimes somebody should on me , but i have to say they are often right . well , i made a couple of mistakes . the hardest was , when i brought a pepperoni pizza for kubulska , but she doesn't eat meat ! 
but , luckily , it wasn't achieved with success of our concert . you have to admit , that the show was magnificent . i hope you had great fun when you were watching us on the tv set , did you ? 
o . k . that's all for today . i'll write to you again tomorrow , because now my mom is angry , the i am not sleeping yet . write soon ! i can hardly wait . give my best to your parents . 
hugs and kisses
halina . 
dear mr. ryan , 
i'm writing this letter to say that the results catch me absolutely by surprise ! 
i would probably enjoy travelling in july because i have to take my literature exams before then and i'm taking them in june . 
answering to answer another of your questions , i'd prefer to have accommodation a log cabin , because of my back problem , which won't let me sleep on the ground ( or in a sleeping bag ) . 
during my stay at the camp i'm really keen on keeping to my tennis and swimming routines i'm really keen on keeping to my tennis and swimming routines during my stay at the camp . 
i usually swim three times a week in order to maintain a back treatment which my doctor has recommended me to follow . also , if i have any leisure time between school and piano lessons , i play tennis . 
so , if possible , i was interested in the possibility of covering continuing my routine there . 
lastly , i would like you to tell me if i have to bring some money with me to buy food or drinks and how the climate of the camping area is so i can preparing prepare pack my luggage , bringing only the appropriate clothes . 
looking forward to hearing from you
yours sincerely , 
'this is such a marvellous book you will want to read it again' . 
are you a science fiction stories lover ? do you love the idea of knowing how a martian is ? if you really find reading this kind of book interesting , you shouldn't miss this book . 
during the last month i've been reading " a window on the universe " , an oxford bookmarks collection book . this book contained nine stories which were written by well known well-known writers like ray bradbury . 
but the main purpose of the book is to allow you to fly with your imagination and to have a glimpse of how life is going to be in the future , when , perhaps the world will be ruled by machines . 
i think that this is a marvellous book to read , because you are able to put your mind up against themes like " human race extinction the extinction of the human race " and also to obtain to make a comparison between the human mind and computers . 
so , if you are looking for a " really splendid science fiction book " i will recommend you to read " a window . . " and i'm sure that when you finish reading it you will want to read it again , and again . . . ! 
dear helen ryan : 
thank you very much for your letter and for this competition . 
first i would like to answer your questions . i am only available in july . is that okay for you ? this is because the only time i can take a holiday is july . i would prefer log cabins . i think they are more comfortable and safer than tents . 
regarding the two activities , i choose swimming and painting . i choose swimming because i am very good at swimming and i like it very much . i took swimming lessons for four years . and the reason i choose painting is it's very exciting for me . i am not very good at this subject but i will improve my painting . 
i would like to ask whether you have competitions or different activities . do you recommend me to take only summer clothes or some winter clothes as well ? is it a very expensive area ? i mean would 700 be enough for me for one week ? 
thank you very much for your interest . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely
dear kim , 
it's been a long time since i wrote to you . i'm really sorry but i was very busy . i worked until midnight every day . 
actually i don't work , you know . i have been decorating a concert hall for a pop concert . it was very important for us because we really wanted people to enjoy it . 
it was very enjoyable . i made lots of friends . we were together all day , painting the walls , cleaning and putting up some balloons and other stuff everywhere . and at the time of the concert we wore big funny costumes , and danced with people . everybody liked it very much . anyway we worked for that . 
what i liked most was meeting the band . guess what the name of the band is; back street boys . oh , my god , they're such nice , talkative , funny , people . but you know they're a bit spoilt . 
i have to finish or i'll miss the last post . 
bye for now , write to me soon
love , 
13/06/00
dear helen ryan
i am really pleased to hear from you that i won first prize in the competition . it is the thing i really want . 
now i am going to answer the questions you asked me in the letter . first , i am afraid i can only travel in july . i've got a three-month holiday from june to august but i've already promised my aunt , who runs a small nursing home in andover , to help her during june and in august . i have to work to get my next-term tuition fee . so july is the only month i can take part in your activities . second , regarding accommodation , i'd like to stay in a log cabin . i am very sensitive to noise especially at night and tend to catch a cold even in summer . 
and i would love to learn surfing and painting . i am quite good at swimming but i never tried surfing . so this time i am really keen on learning that . i also love painting . i expect you have lovely countryside in california for me to draw on my canvas . 
let me ask a question about clothes and money . what kind of clothes do i need and how much money do i have to take ? 
i am really looking forward to going there and to your reply . 
yours faithfully
yun sandra
shopping is not always enjoyable
i love shopping . but i can't help accepting it is true that shopping is not always enjoyable . 
for example , all shops are too busy to enjoy shopping in at weekends . sometimes customers' trolleys run into each other and they have to wait ages to go through check-ins . what's worse , there is usually a traffic jam around or along roads to a big supermarket and a shopping mall . and if an accident takes place on the roads , it can be a nightmare . so i prefer shopping on weekdays unless i am busy or have an appointment . 
however , people can't have a good time even on weekdays while shopping . shopping gets them tired as they have to walk for a long time to find the things they want to get . in addition , they can get angry with a shop assistant because of bad service . 
for the handicapped , going shopping is not easy and it can be very annoying unless shops have facilities for them . 
despite all these things which show that shopping is not always enjoyable , people have to go shopping . otherwise they can have lots of problems and it is difficult to live . 
dear mrs . ryan , 
thank you very much for the letter you sent me . i am very happy to win this prize and i hope my stay there will be great ! 
first of all , i can only travel in july because i have exams at school and they are very important to me and i hope you will understand my problem . and i will would like to stay in a log cabin , because i do not like sleeping in tents , because of the bugs and insects . 
for the activities i would like to choose the tennis , which i am not too bad at , and climbing , which i have never done but which must be interesting . 
i would like to know if i need to take any clothes , and , if so , what kind of clothes ? i also want to know if i should take any money , or if all the expenses are paid by you . i am looking forward to your reply . 
yours sincerely , 
santiago
shopping is not always enjoyable
sometimes people go to the mall to look at products and don't even buy anything . but of course , there are some exceptions . for example , when you buy something , you might lose it and never see it again , or you could be robbed , or if the product has something wrong with it , then you have to swap it and that takes time . 
and sometimes the cashpoint machines don't work , or they don't accept your card or you have exceeded the limit on your credit card . 
another bad thing is that people want some things very badly , and they can't afford them . that makes those people frustrated and they don't enjoy themselves . 
dear mrs . ryan , 
i was very pleased to learn that i had won the first prize in your competition ! 
to answer your questions , i'd like to travel only in july , as it is the only time when i can take my holidays . 
i'd prefer to sleep in tents rather than log cabins: sleeping in tents seems to correspond to a " spirit of adventure " to me , which i particularly like; in contrast , log cabins are more " traditional " and a less interesting experience . 
i'm very interested in basketball and sailing , which are both team activities . 
when i was a child , i was very good at basketball , even one of the best in my class one of the best in my class even . i like playing in a team and deciding quickly what to do next . these reasons are why i'd also like to go sailing . sailing means an ever renewed adventure as you cannot control the atmospheric conditions . please , don't forget to tell me how much money i need . 
i thank you very much in advance for your kind assistance . 
yours sincerely , 
shopping is not always enjoyable
the first idea about shopping is that buying something will be a pleasure for the buyer and , for that reason , will be enjoyable . 
but this is not always the case: at first , you see a very pretty item which you'd like to try on . when you ask to , the sales person often answers that your size is out of stock . hopefully , you try to find the same thing in another shop . you ask the sales person for your size . his answer is: " everything is here , madam ! " as you understand that you won't get any help , you waste your time looking for the right size . 
finally , you find the right one but you don't have enough money . the moment you realise that , you also realise that the shop is closing in five minutes . 
so , you run to the bank but have to wait in the queue . there is only one minute left ! it's your turn and you do as quickly as possible . you run back to the shop and get your item . but now , you are very tired and need a good rest ! 
dear mr. ryan:
i am writing in connection with the information requested , concerning the two-week trip i have won in the competition . 
firstly , i was asked when my trip would be and i have come to the conclusion that the only time i will be able to go is in july because during that month i have my winter break both from work and school and that is when i will be free to go . 
regarding accommodation in tents or log cabins , i would enjoy much more being in a tent as i believe that is the right type of accommodation for going camping . 
another point mentioned was the choice of activities . i would like to try sailing as i have never sailed before and also climbing as i enjoy hiking a lot . i actually have a lot of stamina and balance so that will help me in both activities . 
now , i would like to request some information about clothes and money . what type of clothes and how much money should i take with me ? 
i look forward to receiving your reply and hope the information above will help towards the preparation for the weeks in question . 
yours sincerely
gabriela matos
right size , right colour
men tease women for being shopping addicts and for having shopping as their favourite pastime . however , that impression is not always true . 
everyone enjoys wearing nice new clothes . however , do we really like the process of choosing them ? at times , it is not only a matter of having to make a choice but the trouble of finding something which can waste a lot of time and especially when your taste doesn't fit in with the fashion . the colour along with the style and size , blue or red , long or short , medium or large . 
what is more , we can say that price is often very off-putting as well . most people usually go shopping for something which is affordable , and many times they find , for example , a dress they like a lot but they cannot buy it because it is terribly expensive . then , i consider it a pain having to go around some more still thinking of that same dress . 
finally , you always talk yourself into some piece of clothing but that ended up being a tiring day of going in and out of fitting rooms and figuring out discounts . etc . 
is that enjoyable ? 
dear ms helen ryan , 
thank you for first prize . i was glad to win your competition . i look forward to coming soon . 
i would like to travel in july , because it is the only time i will have free . 
i was very happy to hear that all accommodation and travel costs are paid for . and i would prefer a tent to a log cabin , because i have had experience of to live stay staying in a tent and i like it very much . 
thank you for the chance to do two activities . i would like to choose tennis and photography . i have played tennis since i was ten years of age . in my opinion tennis is the best sport i have ever played . another activity which i have chosen is photography . i have just finished a professional photography course and i would like to continue my education in this activity . 
i would like to ask some questions . 
first of all what kind of clothes do i have to take with me ? 
also , how much money do i have to take ? 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely , 
dear kim , 
thank you for your letter . i was glad to hear from you . 
like i said , i helped at a pop concert . i liked it very much . it was very interesting and enjoying enjoyable . 
the pop concert had ten pop bands . each of them must sing had to sing two songs . after that they chose the three best bands . 
at this concert i saw a lot of popular singers . for example: maraya kary , tom jone; madonna . i saw the " boys on " . i knew you love them and i got two autographs for you and of course for myself . 
afterwards " boys on " won the first prize . 
i was shocked because i had already spoken with them and i had got two autographs . 
another part of my experience at the pop concert when we meet each other . 
look forward to hearing from you soon . 
love , 
dear ms helen ryan , 
i am really pleased to hear from you that i won the prize . so i can go camping for two weeks . it must be great . 
as regards your questions , i would like to travel in july because at the moment i am a student and my summer holiday will start on 27th june so i can go to the u . s . a in july and i prefer staying in tents because i have never experienced camping in a tent . so exciting ! 
and i would like to have chances to play tennis and go swimming . in the case of swimming , i am really good at it but i just started playing tennis ago 3 weeks 3 weeks ago . however , i am really enjoying playing tennis . 
further , i have a question . actually i have never been camping so i really have no idea about that . i wonder which clothes are suitable for your camping . and how about the money ? do you know if there are some occasions to spend money or not ? i am really looking forward to going camping
yours sincerely
jae kwai
dear sirs , 
i cannot express how happy i was reading your letter about the prize i won and about 2 wonderful weeks i am going to spend at camp california in the usa . 
with regard to your questions . first of all , i would be very happy if you could arrange my trip and stay at the camp for july . i will still be at school in june , and i am going to spend the whole of august on a training camp with my club . july is really the only available time i have . 
if possible , i would prefer to stay in a log cabin . i spent 3 weeks in a tent last year and it wasn't the best experience of my life . i would like to avoid tents if possible . 
you offered me a really wide range of activities to choose from , but i would have to go for basketball and tennis . i can say it with confidence that i am quite good at basketball - i play it for my school's team and i am going to train in it in august as well - i don't want to lose touch with it . tennis is just something new that i recently discovered and i am still at beginner level . it seems like a good opportunity to practise it . 
finally , i would appreciate it if you could send me some information about the weather in california at this time of year . i am a little concerned about the clothes that i should take . does it rain a lot there ? 
another thing is money . how much money do you think i should take with me ? will you arrange a place where i could keep the money safe during my stay at the camp ? 
i look forward to hearing from you and i can't wait to go to the usa . 
yours sincerely , 
" shopping is not always enjoyable " 
in my humble opinion , shopping is one of the most stressful and boring activities people do in life . 
if i was asked to choose the least attractive thing that i have to do on an everyday basis , shopping would most definitely be placed somewhere at the top of the list . if it were possible i would rather have someone else doing shopping for me . 
first of all , i don't like and don't enjoy spending endless hours pushing my trolley ( which , by the way , has its own idea of where it wants to go ) between other desperate people's baskets , just to find that perfect tin of beans or some toothpaste . especially as it is so hard to find anything in a modern , huge and stuffed with lots of merchandise department store . secondly , if you happen to forget something , you will have to force your way back through crowds of other shoppers , and that can take up even more time . but the worst thing comes at the end . your visit to the shop concludes ends in a long queue to the checkout ( where you can easily spend another 30 minutes ) where they will suck out some money from your account . where's the fun in that ? 
no . most definitely , shopping is not an enjoyable activity and i can easily think of many nicer ones . 
dear helen , 
i'm writing to answer your questions but , first of all , to thank you for the prize . i would like to travel in july because it is the school holiday here in portugal and i will have the entire month to travel , so i have no preference for which weeks . 
i don't mind staying in log cabins , but i prefer camping because i want to be really close to nature . well , about the activities , i love photography . i did a course and i would like to take beautiful photos of the camp . and i always was good at swimming . now i'll be at the camp during the summer i think it is a good idea . 
i don't know how much money i'll need for the trip or what kind of clothes i'll need . do you have any night plan , like going to discos or nightclubs ? can you give me this information ? 
i'm looking forward to receiving your letter . 
yours sincerely
daniela . 
nowadays shopping is one of the activities that makes our society live . the cities are the main commercial centres , our streets are full of billboards advertising many things , as does tv either . 
despite this shopping culture , shopping is not always enjoyable . when you need to buy something you have to look for the best price , which is always a work of time , and if you find a shop where the price is cheaper , it must be crowded . 
the solution could be an alternative way of making shops like the internet . you can buy anything without any problem . this is a good thing although it prevents poor people from shopping on the internet , because you have to have a computer . 
anyway , other alternatives to shopping are being created and we can choose not to waste our time shopping . 
carola hidalgo
34 kingfield road
brighton gc2 8as
5th may 2000
helen ryan
competition organiser
dear madam
thank you very much for your letter of 1/6/00 . i was really amazed by the news that i'd won two weeks at camp california in the usa . 
with regard to the date that i would like to travel it must be july 15th because my classes will finish at the end of june and i'm going to have some free time from this date until early august when i will start to work . 
i would like to spend my time at your camp site in a log cabin . i think that is going to be more comfortable for me due to the fact that i am very sensitive to changes of temperature and i can't take the risk of catching a cold because , as you know , i'm going to start to work . 
the activities that i would like to do there are the following :- singing ( i'm a very good singer ) ; swimming , i'm not good at all at this one , but i enjoy spending time in the water , i really do . 
would you be so kind as to let me know what kind of weather you have in july in order that i can choose the right clothing to bring . and also i would like to know approximately the amount of money that i should bring for the items that are not included . 
looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely , 
hello kim , 
how are you ? i'm fine and i am writing to you because i know that you want to know about my experience at a pop concert; i have to tell you that i did help there and it was very hard work . you can't imagine all the work that means goes into preparing a concert . i really enjoyed the opportunity to talk with well-known stars and to learn how to set up everything for a concert . if you have the opportunity to do this don't miss out . i hope to see you soon to give you more details . bye . 
dear helen:
thank you for sending me this wonderful news . i was really happy when i learned i won the first prize . i am writing to give you my details and ask for some more information . 
firstly , i would like to travel in july because i need to stay at home in august . i am a college student and i am going to study at university this year . i will take my exams in june and have the results in august . so i shall stay to prepare for my university . 
secondly , i prefer staying in log cabins so that i can have more chances to be with other people , then i can make more friends . during the camp , i will do singing and climbing activities . i enjoy singing all the time and i want to share my music with others . i also like climbing because i like the view on the top of hills . 
finally , i want to know what the weather is like in california in july . do i need some special clothes for the camp and how much money shall i bring for other expenses ? 
i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely . 
to: the teacher of the english class
from: jolin
subject: the lessons that should be filmed
date: 13 june 00
introduction :
the english class is going to make a short video about the school's daily life . the aim of this report is to give some suggestions about which lessons and activities should be filmed . 
lessons and activities
the speaking and listening class should be filmed because the purpose of this class is to encourage students to talk about some topics they choose and discuss them with others in order to improve their speaking and listening skills . 
the topical class is similar to speaking and listening but the materials are more up to date . the teacher uses video and pictures to teach students about festivals , sports , museums , etc . it is popular with the students . 
the canteen is the place students get together apart from class . quite a lot of students spend their free time there relaxing and talking . 
basketball is the most popular activity , which takes place between 4:30 pm - 6:30 pm from monday to friday every week . not only the students who have activity play but also a lot of students watch . 
conclusion
the lessons and activities above are what we suggest should be filmed . 
dear helen ryan , 
i have received your letter and i am so glad i have won the first prize . i have answers to your questions . i would like to travel in july because it is the perfect time for me to go on holiday because the 12th of july is my birthday . i want to sleep in tents because i think it's more adventurous with better scenery , and atmosphere . 
you also asked me about the two things i'm good at . well , the first one is basketball . i have been playing basketball for roughly 4 years . i love basketball because i'm good at it and it is my favourite sport . the other thing i'm good at is tennis . i have been practising playing tennis for 2 years and i won the under 16's u . s open tournament last summer . 
last of all i have questions to ask you . will i have to bring many clothes i . e . will we do a lot of outdoor activities , get dirty etc ? will i need a lot of money ? looking forward to seeing you soon . 
yours sincerely
this composition is about shopping . people today shop seven days a week with their family , friends etc . but i think shopping is not always enjoyable . this statement is due to the great amount of rubbish we are producing in the world . the more stuff we buy , the more we throw away . 
shopping with some friends may be fun but you must also remember that you are spending money . therefore you should think more carefully about what you are about to buy . 
you can enjoy yourself in other different ways . for example , you can do sports , which are enjoyable and good for your health . would you rather spend money on something which is destroying the world or do sports , which are good for you . 
you must think about your children , who will be living in the world you helped to destroy . the ozone layer is being punctured when plastics or foams are burnt . 
i think this is all i have to say to make you think that shopping isn't always enjoyable and change your views regarding shopping . 
13th june
dear ms ryan
i am so grateful and i can't believe i am so lucky to receive your letter in which you said that i have won the first prize in your competition , of two weeks camping in california in the u . s . a . 
i am writing to inform you that i can only go in july , the summer holiday , because i have got a place at university and it will start in august . is the time i request available ? i would also like to ask accommodation you offer is in tents or log cabins . if i can choose i would prefer tents . i like to sleep on open land and see the sun come up in the morning . 
in addition , i choose painting and sailing for my activities . i can't wait to do my painting of the rising sun , and can't imagine how wonderful sailing along the rivers will be . 
finally , can you tell me what kind of clothes i should bring with me , and how much spending money will be needed . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely
juan lily lee
13th june
shopping is not always enjoyable . i don't really like shopping . sometimes when i'm bored and can't find something else to do , i go look round the shops . when i see some clothes in the window i like , i go in and try them on . but i always find they do not look nice on me . the other thing i don't like going shopping is at the weekend . all the shops are full of people , and people treat the articles items like rubbish . hanging , hanging them everywhere after they have tried them on and found that they were did not suit them . 
also with weekend shopping , you can't find somewhere to sit down comfortably to have a cup of tea . mc . donnals , k . f . c , are all full of people . 
however , shopping is a nice way to spend your leisure time and give yourself a chance to relax sometimes , but i suggest that you never do it at the weekend . 
dear mrs . ryan , 
i have won the first prize ! i am extremely happy about this . i am writing because of some information that you need . 
i can only take a holiday in july because i am going to start a new education at the beginning of august . 
of course i would like to stay in a tent . when i was a child we often camped . staying in a tent will remind me of an unforgettable time . 
there are a lot of interesting activities and that makes it hard to choose only two . given the circumstances , i would like to learn more about photography photography and painting . i have some skills in landscape drawing but i have no idea about photography . taking pictures is a new experience for me . 
i have never been to california . how is the weather there in july ? what kind of clothes would you recommend taking with me ? is it possible to pay by credit card or should i take travellers' cheques ? 
i am glad to hear from you . 
yours sincerely 
artemis
hi kim , 
how are you doing ? i couldn't write to you because i was very busy . 
last month i enjoyed helping at a pop concert in my town . i applied for a job at the ticket office because i hoped to see a lot of different people . you know everybody has to cross this spot ! 
given the circumstances , they asked me to help in the kitchen . you can imagine how disappointed i was . but it turned out to be a fun and interesting job . i had to prepare the ingredients for every meal . that meant i had to read the recipes very carefully . and i had to control check that nothing was missed . the best thing was that i learned got a lot of new cooking ideas and i could observe new cooking tricks . i had a lot to do and i was never bored . the people were all really funny and we were a good team . the time went quickly and it was a great experience . 
and what about you ? i am interested to hear about your new dog ? warm wishes 
your friend , 
artemis
dear sirs , 
thank you , it was great to hear about my prize . you ask me for some information - here it is . 
first i can travel only in july , because i can't get any free time in any other month . the next thing is that i would prefer a log cabin . i don't want to sleep in a tent , because i'm afraid of snakes and similar animals . 
about the activities at the camp , i can tell you that i like to play tennis and i play it very well . another thing i want to try , if possible , is to play golf . it's a very popular sport in our region ( area ) also , but i have never found time to do it . i'm a beginner at golf you have to know . 
now a question from me to you: is it possible to pay for the different things by credit card ? another question - what sort of clothes shall i bring with me ? is july a hot and dry month or does it rain sometimes ? 
i think this will be all i want to know . if there are any other questions on your part , please call me or write again . 
i'm looking forward to hearing from you , 
yours faithfully 
hi kim , 
sorry , i'm late i know , but now i will tell you something about my experience last month . 
the concert started on the 15th of may and it was a really great session in our valley . i was so happy when they asked me to help them with the organisation . i was responsible for the advertisements and i also had to invite the " important people " from our government . it was really a new job for me , but i think i did well . i've learned a lot about management and especially how stars live . 
one evening we all went out for dinner and after we went to a new disco . we arrived at home early in the morning - it was great . 
now kim , i will finish my letter but i promise to write again as soon as possible . maybe if i've developed the photos of the concert and the stars and the . . . . 
a good idea at least - you come here and i will tell you some other stories . 
in the meantime enjoy your life -
love
dear mr. helen ryan:
i am very happy to know i won the prize of two weeks at camp california in the u . s . a . 
i think i would like to travel only in july because at that time i am going to be free to travel because of my holidays school school holidays . 
i would rather stay in a tent , because i have stayed in tents before and i liked it . it is more pleasant than staying in log cabins and it is such a wonderful experience . 
referring to sports , i would choose swimming and basketball , because when i was a child i used to swim a lot , i won a lot of prizes and i went to a lot of competitions . about basketball , i would say i like to play it as well because it was my favourite sport in highschool . i was not as good at it as i was at swimming but i like it . 
i think i do not have anything to ask you , i just want to thank you for everything . 
yours sincerely . 
shopping is not always enjoyable . 
i agree that shopping is not always enjoyable because a lot of things can happen to you . 
i remember when i was younger i used to go with my mom to the stores shopping but i did not like it , because i found it boring to buy clothes , spending a lot of hours in a shopping centre . 
another bad thing was the enormous queues in the supermarkets . it is incredible how much time you can spend in there . 
last month there was a robbery in a shopping centre next to my house . somebody stole a lady's purse with all her identification , credit cards and cash , even her plane ticket . therefore she had to do a lot of tramits to cancel her credit cards and to change her plane ticket . unlucky lady . 
to sum up i would say that even if shopping is not enjoyable we have to do it because we do not have another option . 
dear sir , 
thank you for your letter and for having informed me about the results of the competition . i also want to congratulate you on your excellent competition , thanks to which i have the opportunity to go to california , a place that i always wanted to go to . 
about the trip , i think it would be preferable to do it in july , which is a holiday period and so i won't have any special obligations . while in california i would prefer to sleep in a tent , so i can be closer to nature . anyway the accommodation is not a big problem for me , because i will be away most of the time . staying spending a lot of time in the same place in my opinion is the worst thing to do , specially especially during a holiday ! moreover i would like it if it is possible to have an opportunity to play tennis and basketball . any little tournaments of this kind would be grateful great . 
before ending my letter i would like to know specially in particular what kind of clothes i have to take with me and also if you could change some money of mine into dollars . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours faithfully
dear kim , 
as you know last month i went to help at a concert , the one that i told you about in my last letter . i wanted to go there very much and so going there to help was for me a unique opportunity . moreover instead of buying a ticket i went there for free , as a helper . 
from the first moment that i got there i understood that i was going to have a great night . ok , in the beginning the other helpers and i had a lot of work to do , such as cleaning the stage and some decoration work . but when the concert started and we finished what we had to do , we were free to do whatever we wanted . so the party started . . . the pop concert was excellent and i had a lot of fun . don't ask the time when i came home because i don't remember ! some of my friends who were also helping told me that we returned at six o'clock in the morning ! it was really an unforgettable experience . 
best wishes 
giannis
13th june 2000
dear sir , 
i have just received your letter and i thank you for your invitation and congratulations . i am really proud to be the winner of your competition and i would like to express my satisfaction with your perfect organisation . 
about the information requested from me , i have to say that i can travel only in july because of my job; i am busy until the end of june . 
as regards accommodation , i prefer a longer , canadian tent in a quiet place because i am fond of nature and i would like to feel free in an informal setting . my favourite sports activities are playing tennis and basketball . i like competitive and challenging sports . i enjoy comparing my skill with other players and , if possible , i would rather practise do sports activities not indoor i would rather not do indoor sports activities , but open air ones . 
i would like to know if special clothes are needed and what the weather is at that time of year like like that time of year . the one last thing that i would like to know is if i have to bring with me money for expenses not included in your invitation . let me know this information as soon as possible . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely
ramona
13 june 2000
i have been asked to write a report about the lessons and other activities that should be filmed to make a short video . 
i have given a questionnaire to other students in my class to know their preferences regarding this choice and we all believe that the first lesson that should be filmed is philosophy . the reason is that all students are interested in it and the teacher is so good at explaining problems that the whole class takes part in discussions about specific aspects of the subject . also the sports activities should be filmed; they express an aggregative and social way of living school life and can be useful to show the movements of the bodies during the athletics-school athletics school events school athletics events . 
the dancing lessons should also be filmed , especially because of the fascinating beauty of the girls and the elegance of their movements . 
i hope that these suggestions can be accepted and appreciated . 
dear helen ryan , 
i am writing to you in order to answer your questions and to get some information i would like to have . 
first of all , i want you to know i am really happy about the prize . the only problem is that as i am a student i can travel only during the holidays , in july . referring to regarding accommodation i would rather stay in a tent because i have never been camping and i would like to try it . 
i am not really keen on art . that is why i would prefer doing some sports like surfing and sailing . if i had to be honest , i would say i have never done either of them . yet , i would like to try them because my city is far from the sea so i don't have many opportunities of doing them . 
i would appreciate it if you could tell me what kind of clothes and how much money i should take . besides , i wonder if i will share a tent or not and if i have to bring it or if it will be provided by you . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours
natalia lorena kraus
dear kim , 
i'm really happy because i've finally received your letter . if i didn't tell you about my experience at the pop concert in detail in my last letter it was because i didn't have time . please don't be angry . i will tell you everything right now . 
a few months ago i chatted , via the internet , to a nice guy from buenos aires who happened to be one of the members of " los pericos " . we started mailing each other and became good friends . they had to give a concert in my city so when they arrived here my friend phoned me and invited me to where they were preparing the concert . 
the problem was that one of the technicians was from england and nobody there spoke a word of english so i was asked to be the interpreter . it was so great ! ! not only because i learnt a lot about concerts and music , but also because i practised my english . 
i hope you are not angry any more after this letter . 
i'm looking forward to hearing from you . 
love , 
dear miss helen
i have just received your letter and i'm very happy because of it , especially because the competition was so hard . 
being at camp california was one of the dreams of my life and now i can realised realise it . 
firstly , i could to spend spend these two weeks during next july only , because , before and after it , i have to work as a waiter here in my town . 
however , about accommodation , i'd prefer a log cabin , because it is more comfortable than a tent . all the activities indicated in your letter are great for me but i prefer tennis and surfing , because i'm used to playing tennis every weekend and i'm very keen on surfing . i'm a good tennis player and a big surfer too . 
lastly , i'm interested in the law schools in california . they are very famous here . 
i would like to know if i will visit at least one of them . 
i look forward to seeing you soon . 
yours faithfully
dear kim
this is a precise letter that i write to you now . i'm very happy and lazy at the same time . 
last month i visited tom , another old friend , and he told me i could work with him as a musician at the xzy pop concert . " this is extraordinary " , i said . 
firstly , i was very embarrassing embarrassed during the concert , but all the staff were very kind to me and tom too . this was the most important experience in my life , i knew all the people , in particular the famous singer " kos " . he is funny and easy going . during the concert , i was near the and opposite there was " pipe " the biggest in the world . it's very difficult describing all the emotions i felt . i can only tell you that it had been an important experience for me and for my new songs . excuse me kim , but i'm so nervous that i won't be able to write even this letter . 
i hope to hear from you soon
your best friend
13 june 2000
dear helen ryan , 
i have just received your letter and i am so pleased with the news . i'd like to tell you that the best month for me to travel to the u . s . a . is july because i will be on holidays holiday in that month . i don't really worry about the accommodation at camp california , but if i can tell you which one i prefer i'll choose to stay in a tent . this is because it will be more exciting and fun than not in log cabins . from the list of activities at the camp i will enjoy singing and swimming . i used to go to a swimming pool twice every week and also i love music and sing all the time . 
i'd like to ask you about how much money i'll need for two weeks in your country and what sort of clothes i have to bring to camp california next july . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you very soon . 
sincerely , 
dear kim , 
how are you doing ? i am so glad to know that you and your family are well . i am writing to you to explain what i did last month at a pop concert . it was great , believe me ! 
i went with a group of friends to help and organise a gig of a pop band . it was so easy , i . i mean we just carried all the instruments of the musicians to the club and we put them on the stage . after this , we helped at the service bar , putting into the fridges all the drinks and refreshments all the drinks and refreshments into the fridges . and that was it ! i enjoyed doing this a lot and at least the gig was free for all of us . the concert was in a massive club and the tickets were sold out . marvellous ! 
well , kim , i hope to see you soon and take care . 
love
dear helen , 
i received your letter the other day , and i was very happy to find out that i had won two weeks at camp california . well , to answer your questions , i would prefer to attend this camp during the month of july because it is the only time when i can take a vacation . this is because i am an apprentice , so they only let me have my vacations in july ! ! 
well , regarding the accommodation at camp california i would prefer staying in a tent . i think it is more fun sleeping in a tent than in a log cabin . it is more like an adventure being in a tent , and you are closer to nature , and the animals ! 
for my activities i think i will choose swimming because i love swimming and being in the water . and i am really good at it . i used to enter competitions when i was younger . and for the other activity i will choose tennis . i really enjoy this sport . i am not really a good player but i like to practise play tennis in my free time ! since i'm coming in the month of july what kind of clothes should i take with me ? and i have another question . it's about money . how much should i take ? and is it better to have cash or cheques ? 
best regards , 
helen
shopping is not always enjoyable
well this is absolutely true , especially when you go shopping on saturday . everyone goes shopping on saturday so the mall is always crowded , and most of the people are stressed . it's crazy . for example , you go into a clothes shop , you see all those women running around trying to find the shirt that will match their new skirt , so they are looking everywhere , pushing you because they think that you will take the shirt that they want . and then they have it and you have to wait to try on the pants or the skirt you have chosen . and you have to wait after that to buy it , so finally you have waited so long that you have got have become late , so you get stressed too . so it's really not enjoyable to go shopping . plus , most of the time , you see all those mothers looking after their kids , and yelling their kids' names in the shopping mall because they have lost them . so you get a headache because you hear the kids crying , the mothers yelling . if i can give you some advice: don't go shopping on saturday ! ! you get headaches , you get stressed , and finally you get bruises because of the woman who pushed you to get the pretty skirt before you ! ! ! 
dear mr. ryan
i received your letter recently , and i am really happy to learn that i have won the first prize . so , i am writing to you to answer your questions . 
first of all , i have to tell you that my only chance to go there is in july ; the dates do not matter , but it is important for me to be back before the 1st of august , because that day i will start a summer job . 
about the accommodation during those two weeks , i would rather stay in a log cabin , as it is really difficult for me to stay in a little close room . 
your next question is about the activities that i could do at the camp . after browsing through the list , i would like to take part in climbing and photographic activities , as these are my favourite hobbies . 
i had an induction climbing course two years ago , and i still climb regularly . i can do a v+ level climb . on the other hand i took a photography course five years ago , and i took part in several competitions . 
finally , could you tell me how far is the nearest town or village ? can we get there by public transport ? 
looking forward to your answer . 
yours sincerely
shopping , what an exciting thing ! 
going out to spend a day shopping is something very popular . the shopping centres are always busy , with people going up and down carrying bags and looking in shop windows ; it seems everybody is happy . 
really ? sometimes things can go wrong and the situation changes and becomes a nightmare . firstly there is the parking problem . if you go shopping late at weekends for instance , it's really difficult to find a place to park your car , and when you get a place , you have to pay for it ! then the search for a nice item of clothing starts , and when eventually you get it , it isn't your size , and also the colour that you like is not available . finally you've found something really wonderful - time to pay ! 
in the hurry you've forgotten to bring any cash , but you can use your plastic money . the shop assistant passes the credit card through the machine , after a few seconds he does it again , and does it another time . suddenly his face changes and he tells you that the card is faulty ! no choice : you have to leave your nice clothes and go away feeling bad and sad . 
to sum up , shopping is not always enjoyable , but don't worry , the shopping centre is still there waiting for you ! 
dear helen ryan , 
i can only travel in july because this is the month when i have holidays . i've already talked to my manager , and she said that that's the only month i can have my holidays . 
i would prefer to stay in a log cabin because it must be cold staying in a tent . i have some problems with my kidneys , so i can't stay in one of the tents , and also it must be very comfortable staying in a log cabin . 
i'm really good at golf and tennis , so i would like to choose these two activities . i've been doing these activities for a very long time . i've been playing golf for five years , and i've a handicap of sixteen , but the problem is that i haven't been playing golf for a long time because i work every day . i've been playing tennis since i was seven , and i've been studying how to play tennis for a very long time , nine years . 
i would like to know what kind of clothes i need to take with me , and can you write to me about what kind of weather it's going to be there , for the time i will be staying there . also i would like to know how much money i should take with me , because i'm not sure how much i'll need to spend there . see you , mrs helen ryan , and please write back . 
ivan . s . 
dear kim , 
i wish you had been there with me helping at a pop concert . i just loved it . i was working with this music system . you know how good i am at music anyway i was helping at this pop concert to get the correct sounds . at the beginning i was connecting all these wires into speakers , music system , guitars etc . . . the bit that i particularly liked about the experience was when i was standing next to the singers and playing a guitar - you know how much i love playing guitar - and all these video cameras were just filming us . i asked one of the cameraman cameramen when they're going to show this show on tv , and he told me they're going to show it on the 10 of june , so turn on your tv on this date , channel three , and you will see me there playing this guitar . ah , it was lovely . these singers are going to come next year so i want to invite you to my house for one or two weeks to see this pop concert , believe . believe me , you'll love it and you might play the drums . i told them that you're really good on drums so they want to try you too . 
i'll write to you soon kim . 
say hello to your parents ! 
dear helen ryan , 
i would like to thank you for the first prize in your competition : two weeks at camp california in the usa . i am pleased to accept this prize . 
as you said , you need some further information . first of all , i would like to travel in july . at present , i am doing an art course at college . so i won't be able to have a holiday until then . 
i would rather stay in log cabins than tents . i have some trouble with my back . therefore i can't sleep in a sleeping bag on the ground . 
furthermore , i would love to do basketball and painting activities while i am at the camp . i am a member of the college basketball team , which became the best basketball team of last year . secondly , i want to do painting , which i am really interested in as a student at art college . 
lastly , i would like to learn what kinds of clothes i have to bring with me and how much money ( american currency - dollars ) i'll need to have while i'm there . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you soon . 
yours sincerely , 
dear kim , 
i would like to thank you for your letter , which i received yesterday , and i wanted to reply as soon as possible . 
i know you want to hear about what i did and how i helped people at the pop concert last month . 
as you know , our college was chosen to be there and help the singers and the musicians out . when i first arrived there i was pretty nervous and excited . my friends and i were taken backstage where we met the members of west life , elton john and robie williams . i even got a bunch of flowers from them with a " thank you " letter . 
what we all did was make many cups of coffee and help to find their missing socks or any other clothing . what i realised was they were not different from any of us but they were called celebrities . 
i particularly liked listening to their musicians when they played the piano , clarinet , drums , violin etc , which was really great , and also to be able to meet these famous singers made me realise we can achieve whatever we want . 
lots of love , 
13 june , 2000
dear helen , 
i've been thrilled ever since i received your letter indicating my luck of having won the first prize in the competition that you organized recently . in response to the letter , i am sending mine to state the choices that i have made concerning the date of the trip , the place where i will be staying and the two activities that i have chosen , along with some questions . 
firstly , i wish to travel in july as i already have plans for june , which are to visit france for 3 weeks as soon as my summer vacation commences . 
secondly , regarding the question of lodging , i have chosen tents since i enjoy camping in them very much . 
among the numerous choices of activities , i am considering taking those of golf and surfing . i have been playing golf since the age of 8 , therefore i am certain that i will not require help of any sort . however , as this will be my first time surfing , i am willing to take classes for beginners . 
lastly , i've been struggling with the question of money and clothing and would like to be informed about the climate there so that i will be able to pack the clothes that i need and i would be thankful if you would consider sending me an estimation of the amount of money i will have to spend in the camp . 
i am looking forward to being received at camp california . 
thank you in advance . 
yours sincerely , 
regina kong 
13 june , 2000
dear kim , 
hi kim . how are you ? 
i am fine and so is my family . 
i was glad to receive a letter from you and after having heard that you are interested in helping pop singers have a concert , i started writing as soon as i could . 
i think it's a wonderful idea and my advice is to take it if you have an offer ! i had so much fun helping my friends' band putting on their concert . 
at first , they asked me to decorate the stage since i like drawing , but as i wanted to get more involved , they said that i could also help them set up the lights , the microphones and the instruments . i have to admit that it wasn't always easy , but my effort was worth every penny . 
the concert was a hit and the stage looked fabulous ! the audience seemed pretty impressed as well . i thought it was a great opportunity to see how things turn out so well when you put everybody's different talents together . i'm not sure what part you're interested in , but i think drawing the background for the stage was the best , and i suggest that you try doing it too . 
if you have any questions , please write to me . 
i wish you the best of luck and hope you have fun helping the singers as much as i did
lots and lots of kisses , 
regina
dear madam
i'm very happy to have won your competition . i've never been to the u . s . a so i'm very excited to visit camp california . i can come only in july because i have to work the other months of summer . regarding accommodation i'd prefer to sleep in a tent because i like being outside and hearing the noises of the sea . 
my two preferred activities are climbing and surfing . i used to climb and i want to try it again because climbing is a good way to keep fit . i want to do surfing too because i like snowboarding and i think surfing make similar sensations , but i have never tried it . 
i have one question to ask you . i have a little brother and i want to know if i could take him with me . he doesn't like to stay at home alone . 
yours faithfully
anton chevalier
i propose that we should film five subjects :
a maths lesson , an english lesson , a swimming pool swimming lesson , the break and the staff room . 
- in the maths lesson and the english lesson we could show how the teacher learns teaches his students . we could film the classroom too . 
- in the swimming pool we could be in the water and doing a party of water-polo and then allan could done acrobatics stands , because he makes enters competitions . 
- we could show the activities of the students during the break . for example , students who play football or volleyball . we could ask some students about the school . 
- before the end we could visit the staff room . we could find out what this room is like and what the teachers do in this mysterious room . 
at the end we could have a comment from each student in our class . 
anton chevalier
dear mr. ryan
thank you for your letter . i have just received the letter from you . i am really pleased that i have won first prize in your competition at camp california in the u . s . a . 
i would like to travel in july this year because i think the weather will be nice and i can take a holiday . i would like to use a tent for my accommodation . i think it is more interesting than a log cabin . i can be more close closer to nature and i have never used tents before . it seems to be exciting . 
i choose swimming and painting for my activities while i am at the camp . i really like swimming . when i was a child , i used to go swimming with my family at the weekend , having a chat , making a barbecue , playing games . it was such a good time . i enjoy painting as well . my mother told me that i'm good at painting . when i was in high school , i won second prize in a painting competition . my parents were very proud of me . 
could i ask you some questions ? i would like to know what kind of clothes i should bring to the camp . how much money should i bring and can i use my credit card at the camp ? 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely , 
dear kim , 
thank you for your letter . i'm sorry that i've taken such a long time to reply to your letter because i'm really busy and i have to study harder . i'm taking the final exam next month . lucky me ! 
i've got some great news to tell you . last month , i got a part-time job . i really enjoyed helping at a pop concert . as you know , i'm crazy about pop music . before the concert i was really excited . i couldn't sleep well and i didn't know what i had to do at the concert . 
it was such a big concert . there were lots of singers and a band . of course , there were lots of spectaculars . first , i was in front of the entrance door . i had to check tickets . i was really excited . my hands were trembling but i did it very well . after that , i went back stage . i could see lots of pop stars . i'm sorry that i didn't ask if i could take any pictures of them for you . i was really busy . i had to take care of them and did everything they wanted . for instance , taking them to the toilet , making coffee for them , helping them find their stuff . it was really busy but i really enjoyed it . 
i learnt lots of thing there that i couldn't learn from school . i had to be more patient . i met lots of people with different jobs . i had a great time . 
i'd better close now . i've got lots of homework to do . take care of yourself and i look forward to hearing from you . 
best wishes , 
dear mrs ryan , 
first of all , i would like to thank you for doing such a good job organising the competition which i luckily won . i have been really very impressed . 
unfortunately i received your letter two weeks late so i can travel only between the 5th and the 20th july . in fact i will finish my university exams only on the first of july and after the 20th it is impossible because i am going to do four weeks' voluntary work in india for unicef . 
if it is possible i would prefer to stay in a log cabin , because , in spite of my love for nature , i am terribly allergic to pollen . so a stay in a log cabin will probably save me a lot of problems . 
choosing two activities from the list has been very difficult but i think i would like to do climbing , a sport in which i have many years of experience , and surfing , despite not really having any experience . 
unfortunately i had ever been to the us so i have any idea about i have never been to the us so i don't have any idea about how much money i will probably need or about what kind of clothes i have to take with me . 
thank you very much for your attention on my behalf 
yours sincerely
if you ask twenty women what are their favourite hobbies their favourite hobbies are probably most of them will answer " shopping " . 
but why is shopping so popular and loved by so many people all over the world ? why have so many people been infected by this " psychological virus " ? 
the verb " have " is probably the most used and loved by the human species . we are always trying to have more things , which lead us to neglect our family , our future , and other things which are probably more important than a new perfume . 
more and more people , everywhere , are becoming shopping addicts . maybe you think i am exaggerating but recent studies proves prove that this mania can be really dangerous . 
certainly only the fact of having something can help people to be more sure of themselves . in fact if you have the new kalvin klein product to a certain kind of person you are cool , but is it really so important ? 
probably when oscar wilde said: " superficiality is the supreme vice " he was right . we still look at what people look like and not at what they really are . 
8 jun 2000
helen ryan
competition organiser
dear sir
at the beginning i would like to thank you for your letter - it pleased me much . i have always dreamt about holidays 'in camp california'
however there are some problems that i hope to solve . first of all the only suitable time for me to go is july . it is the only time when i am free from my duties - i am a doctor so you see that i cannot let my patients down . if we are talking about accommodation then accommodation in tents would be great - i love being close to nature . i would like you to know also also like you to know about my two hobbies : swimming and surfing . i am not talking about some kind of achievements in those disciplines but it they are my big passion 
i hope to have a chance to practise both of them at 'camp california' . 
there is also one thing that i would like to ask you about . the question is: do i need some extra money and what kind of clothes should i take for this trip ? 
yours sincerely
anna nowak
unconnected part of all people's lives is shopping . we buy everything from clothes to food and the only thing that could stop us from this is money . 
as a teenager i must admit that there is nothing more enjoyable than shopping . it's like , , walking in the clouds , , you feel like you are flying . choosing gives me such great pleasure because i never have to worry about where i get money for my wishes . it all comes from my parents . all i have to do is buy and choose . i think that , , having is a dream'' for all of us . 
it's hard for me even to imagine a situation when shopping is not enjoyable . probably it is one of the moments when you want something badly and you can't have it . another situation is when you have to buy somebody a present . everybody knows that , , present presents a problem'' you know your own taste but what with about the taste of the other person ? 
however i can't agree with the opinion that , , shopping is not always enjoyable'' i think that everybody likes to buy but not everybody likes to take pleasure in it . 
june 13th , 2000
dear mrs/ms helen ryan , 
i would like to thank you for the prize i won . my name is manuel p . martinez and i won the first prize in your competition . i have been informed that all accommodation and travel costs are paid for by the company . 
i can only travel in july because i am working as a receptionist in a hotel and they would only let me have two weeks off in that month . i would prefer to stay in a log cabin rather than in a tent , because i find it more comfortable to sleep in a bed , but it wouldn't be a problem if i have to sleep in a tent . 
i would love to do climbing and surfing just because those are sports i have never practised tried before . that means i do not have any experience . 
please let me know what kind of clothes we will be wearing . would . will i need to take a suit ? are there going to be any formal parties ? 
it is important for me to know if we need any money and , if we do , how much money would you recommend me taking ? 
i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely , 
manuel p . martinez
june 13th , 2000 dear kim , as you already know , i was at a pop concert last month . it was great ! the concert was organized by the community so everyone who wanted to help was welcome . the concert lasted for four hours as a lot of small local bands played . my job was to set up the stage where the bands played . it was hard and it took me the whole day . i was there at seven a . m and didn't go home until seven a . m the following day . of course i didn't do it alone , we were a group of about ten guys . after the show we had to stay and clean the park , which was full of empty cans . the part that i enjoyed the most was that i felt i was doing something worthwhile for the community and also that i got to meet a lot of people . i made great friends with the group i worked with . i think it was a great experience , and i hope we will organize another concert soon . i am looking forward to seeing you . best wishes
dear helen ryan . 
thank you for your letter . i am so happy to win the prize and realise my dream . 
i would like to travel to california this july , because i can take a holiday from 14th to 27th of july . 
i would prefer log cabins . i have never used one and i think it would be more exciting than tents . 
i have heard that camp california is famous for surfing , so i hope that i will enjoy surfing for the first time . besides , i will take the opportunity to play golf . it is my only favourite hobby . 
what about clothes and money ? i don't know what the weather is like , and you are paid for travel costs , but i am wondering whether it includes two activities . also , i have a dog . can i go with him . 
please , let me know the answers to these questions as soon as possible . 
i appreciate your competition and i look forward to hearing your answer
yours sincerely , 
dear kim
i am sorry . this letter is late , because last week i took exams , so i was very busy . 
to reply to your question , it was really a nice experience . as you know , i like pop music so much and the singer was one of my favourite singers . also , in the future i want to be an organizer like at this concert , so it'll be useful experience for me . 
i am writing about how i got the position and what i did . firstly , i applied to a concert agency to help , because i had the experience before and i knew how to organize and what to do . 
at the pop concert , there were many people , so before starting the pop concert , i arranged the seats and carried some musical instruments . it was somewhat hard for me . after the concert , i cleaned all the ground with other helpers and we moved the seats again . 
if you have some questions , let me know . i am looking forward to hearing from you
with best wishes , 
dear mrs ryan , 
i have just received your letter and feel happy about winning first prize . i am now writing to give you all the information you require . 
first of all , i would like to travel only in july because i am employed and will be able to finish my contract in june . in august i am going to apply for a new job . 
also , i would prefer to stay in a log cabin rather than stay in a tent . from my point of view , log cabins are more comfortable . 
another consideration are the activities . i enjoy playing basketball and golf . also i think i am good at singing and at dancing . 
i would be most grateful if you could let me have some information:
- how do i get to camp california from the airport ? 
- how far from the city centre is the camp situated ? 
- how much money do i have to take with me ? 
- what is the weather in california in july ? 
- what kind of clothes would you recommend me bringing with me ? 
- are there leisure and entertainments entertainment facilities close to the camp ? 
i am looking forward to hearing from you soon . 
yours sincerely , 
report
to: mr clark
from: sonya volavkova
attitudes to the video about life at our school
introduction:-
the aim of this report is to summarize the pupil's attitudes to the video they have to make and to suggest which lessons and other activities should be filmed . the report is based on the opinions of more than 300 pupils . 
what would the pupils prefer to film ? 
according to the response these are the most important activities pupils would like to film ( 80 per cent of those questioned wanted these things filmed ) 
- lessons in mathematics and history , because pupils have very good exam results . 
- lessons in dancing , because 80 per cent of girls attend the dance club
- the basketball competition , because our school's team won first prize in our gerian . 
- the pupils' trip to london , during the last holiday , because it was great ! 
- also they would like to film the pet corner at school , because they enjoy taking care of animals . 
conclusion: it is clear that the making of the video is a very important event for the children , and pupils would prefer to film only the positive events of their life at school , which i have written above . 
june , 13th 2000
dear mrs ryan , 
i am writing in response to your letter which said that i won the first prize in the competition . 
as i didn't expect to be successful , i am very happy about this result . 
i would now like to provide the information you requested . firstly , i would be pleased if i could travel in july as i already booked this month as a holiday at work . 
i would prefer to stay in a tent since i have never had the exciting experience of sleeping close to nature . 
i am especially glad about the activities offered , in particular the sports facilities because i was specialised specialised in sport for my a-levels and intend to become a sports teacher . 
i have been playing basketball for many years but i would appreciate improving my skills , in particular my ball handling . 
furthermore i am really keen on swimming and can therefore hardly wait to have the opportunity to learn the butterfly as a new style since i am already perfect at the crawl . 
i know i have already asked a lot but there is one more thing i need to know . which . what kind of clothes will be appropriate and how much money will i need approximately ? 
i trust i mentioned all the requested details and am now looking forward to hearing from you to arrange the exact date of departure . 
yours sincerely , 
june , 13th 2000
dear kim , 
how are you doing ? thanks for your latest letter - i was really happy about your news ! 
here , everything is as usual: school , studying , eating , sleeping - but did i tell you about my latest job ? 
i helped at a pop concert of a new group new group's pop concert and you can't imagine how exciting it was ! 
first of all , i helped selling tickets and drinks and there i realized how bad my maths is - i took such a long time to give back the change ! but in the end i handled it almost automatically . before the performance i led the spectators to their seats and then an instructor showed me how to lead the spotlights . i really had butterflies in my stomach when i was responsible for the lighting ! it was marvellous ! 
but the cherry on the cake was that i met one of the handsome singers backstage ! he asked me what i was doing and so on and finally invited me to his next concert ! of course i agreed - i wouldn't want to miss the chance to gain experience while having fun ! perhaps i could help regularly in the lighting area - it would help me with my photography studies . what do you reckon ? 
i can hardly wait for your reply ! 
lots of love , 
jun 10/2000
-helen ryan-
i am really surprised for the information because i won , and i would like to say thank you for everything . this is why i wrote and sent this letter with the information you need . only i can i can only travel in july because it is the only time when i can do it before for my work . really i do not care i do not really care what accommodation i will have . i would prefer to come in july i will be available for the moment . i would really appreciated appreciate it if you could tell the people who work at camp california i choose the golf and photography because i think i am really interested in those objects subjects . i am not really really good but i have some experience . i would like to ask you what kind of clothes i need to take for the place and for the weather follow for the money , how much money do i need to take ? i think that is everything i would like to know . thank you very much for your time . 
sincerely
-dear kim-
how are you ? i hope you are fine like the same for me . 
i want to apologise to you , because i haven't written to you recently , but i want to tell you what happened to me last week . i had the opportunity to help at one of the most pop concerts in my city . so imagine , i felt really really good and exciting excited . i don't have words to describe it but i will try to do it , ok ? 
they needed one girl to do the make-up of the stars of the group , so i did it . i was talking with the manager and the people in the group so i met a lot of people and that's good for my curriculum vitae . but the best it for me was when one of the group they with me one rose for my work am really proud about them ! 
i really enjoy that kind of day , what about you ? i need to go out now . i will keep in touch . 
love and kisses . 
dear mrs helen ryan , 
i am writing to you in reply to your letter about my winning the first prize in your competition . 
first of all , i would like to thank the jury for choosing my work from all the competitors . 
next , i would like to find out some details about the camp . i need to know if my travel will take place in august . if i had known that i would win , i would not have arranged my english course in britain . before . the next point is the accommodation . you mentioned that it will be in tents or log cabins . i would prefer staying in tents . i am very close to nature , so it will be a pleasure for me . 
what's more , your letter said about the chance to do two activities during the camp . i am very interested in tennis , but i am also very good at photography . it has been my hobby since i was a child . i have even won a competition once . that is why i would like to continue doing this at the camp . 
finally , i would like to ask about other things like: clothes , money , guide . i would like to know if the , , travel costs'' which you had paid include entrance tickets to the museums or any other cultural places , because i would like to do some sightseeing in the u . s . a . furthermore , if there will be cmy tumble dryer or washing machine to clean our clothes and if there will be a guide who will be responsible for us and the camp . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you
yours sincerely
a . adamski . 
generally , most people like shopping , but there are some advantages and disadvantages . 
when describing the advantages , we should remember that most people like doing shopping . it is very pleasant when you are looking for something special or for special occasions like wedding , birthday , or christmas presents . next , it can be very good for your wallet to save some money , when you find a bargain or sales . as well as that , some shop assistants can give you a lower price , because you always do shopping at their shop . what is more , most people cannot live without shopping . it is their way to spend free time . 
on the other hand , there are some minuses . above all , shopping is very tiring and exhausting . walking from shop to shop carrying heavy bags , takes much of your time . instead of that you could do more interesting things , such as playing sports or reading a book . besides that , shopping steal you from money . very often people go to a shop - usually a big department store and buy things which they do not need . 
in my opinion shopping is very tiring and i usually try to avoid doing it . when i have to , i do it , but i think we waste too much time on it . on balance some people still like shopping even if it is not always enjoyable and they have to stand in a long queue to buy something . from my point of view it depends on us whether shopping will be enjoyable or not . 
dear mrs ryan , 
referring to the competition i won , i would like to say that i am very happy to be the winner . accordingly i will give you the further information that you wanted . 
first , you asked about when i would like to travel and the only possible time for me is in july , because my company only gave me holiday time in this period . 
second , i prefer to stay in a tent . i want to feel the real nature and spirit of camp california . 
furthermore , i should choose between two activities and say how good i am at each one . i choose singing and surfing - singing because i am a singer in a band and i hope to make my voice more perfect and surfing because i have never surfed and i want to learn how . 
finally , i have some questions . i would like to know what type of clothes i should bring with me ? how much money should i take with me ? can i travel come with a friend of mine ? 
yours sincerely
marlene berg
dear kim , 
how are you ? i hope you're fine . i am fine , because i have been helping at the concert called 'the dome' . i can say that this was one of the best experiences of my life . first i had to help to make coffee and prepare food for pop stars like mariah carey , elton john , backstreet boys , etc . . . before and after the concert the " stars " were very hungry and i had to serve them food , drinks and something like this . kim , check it in your mind , i have had close contact with mariah carey ! i am so happy about it . different " stars " gave me autographs and talked really nicely and normally with me . during the concert i cleaned the kitchen and the room where the " stars " ate . the after-show dinner party was very nice and i have never thought that pop stars like elton john dance on the table if they like the music and if they have had a great show on stage . it was just great and after this event i can say that pop stars are normal humans like everyone you're ! 
love , 
marlene
dear helen ryan , 
thanks for your letter . i am so glad that i have won first prize in your competition . and thanks again for offering me two weeks at camp california in the u . s . a . 
as you asked , i think i'd like to travel only in july , because i am quite busy with my job . july is the only free time that i have . and i prefer tents to log cabins , as i know tents better than log cabins . i used to sleep in a tent once on my holiday , and a tent is more suitable for camping . 
it is very kind of you to give me the chance to do two activities while i am at the camp . i'd like to do climbing and sailing . actually i am quite good at climbing . i often go climbing in my town . as for sailing , well , i haven't tried it before . that is why i want to have a go . i think it must be fun . 
as you said , all accommodation and travel costs are paid , but i am sure i still need to take some money with me . how much do you think that i will need ? by the way , what kinds of clothes do you think i have to take with me ? and is there anything else i have to take with me ? 
yours sincerely
shopping is not always enjoyable
i think most people will agree that " shopping is not always enjoyable " , because so far as i know nothing is enjoyable all the time . 
some people might say women just love shopping , they couldn't stop thinking about going shopping . yes , it is true . this is only because nowadays people have more money than ever before , and some women don't earn money . they have no idea how difficult it is to earn money . women just love spending money in shops . just imagine if one day their husbands lost their jobs . will those women still think shopping is enjoyable ! so it depends on the case . 
as for me , i don't think shopping is enjoyable at all . i even hate shopping . i never go shopping unless i really need something . shopping is just like a nightmare to me . i think i will never understand why people love shopping . how can you look at the same goods at the same shop all the time . i think most men have the same opinion as i do . 
some women spend their whole life shopping , and most of the time , they don't buy many things . in my eyes they are wasting their lives , they are hopeless . 
those are only my opinions . you don't need to agree with them , but one day you might find out that what i have said is not totally wrong . 
dear mrs helen , 
i have just received your letter and i want to thank you for all this information that you are giving me . 
first of all , it would be a good thing to say that july would be the best time to travel because it is the hottest month in the year , and the weather will be really nice . 
secondly , i think it would be better to stay in tents , so that we can have a nice time at camp california and find many interesting games to play . 
however , as you asked me to choose two activities , i'm choosing swimming and climbing , because i'm very good at swimming and i would like to try climbing . despite my lack of experience in climbing i do want to try this type of sport . 
in addition , i would like to know how much money i have to bring with me . 
i think that is all that i would like to know . 
i'm looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely , 
introduction
the aim of this report is to suggest which lessons and other activities should be filmed . i have interviewed each student from my english class . 
firstly , the english lessons must be filmed as the most interesting lessons at our school because it will give students an interest in studying and improving their knowledge . also you can have a good practice with english with students , who come from different countries . 
dear mrs helen ryan , 
i am writing to reply to your questions about me . firstly , i would like to thank you about for this big opportunity you are giving me to visit such a wonderful place as california . 
i would like to travel only in july because my boss cannot give me any leave for the other months in summer . 
also , i prefer to stay in a tent because i think it is a good chance for me to live with nature and to wake up hearing birds which are singing . it will be nice ! 
then you ask me which two activities i want to choose . to tell you the truth , i would prefer to do swimming and singing . i'm good at both of these . i have been swimming for eight years ! also i like music a lot and everybody tells me that i have a good voice . 
i would like to ask you about the weather . i want to know if i should bring warm clothes or not and how much money . 
yours sincerely
dear kim , 
how are you ? thanks for your letter . it was good to hear from you now . as you know this summer i am really enjoying myself doing things i like a lot . 
last month , alice and her friends suggested to me that i help at a pop concert . the group which was singing was very famous and i was able to meet them and to chat about their plans for the future . 
all i had to do was to prepare something to eat before the concert and to check during it the sound the sound during it . 
the concert lasted for hours and at the end they wanted to pay me . i didn't want to take any money because i was so happy that i had seen the concert " savage garden " savage garden concert live and because that night was the best of my life . 
but the thing i particularly liked about my experience was the feeling when you are near and when you talk with such famous people . 
ok ! that's all for now . i'm waiting for your letter . 
see you soon , 
margaret
xxx
p . s . i hope you will find the spare time to visit my country this summer . 
thuesday 13th june 2000
dear mrs helen ryan , 
i've just received your letter , and i am really delighted to be the winner . i thank you . 
as regards when i would like to travel , i would like to make you aware that i can only travel in july because i am really tied up at this time owing to the exam period , which will last until the end of june . 
i'd rather have accommodation in tents , it would be a good experience for me , especially because i haven't lived it as well as it is more romantic . 
as you have informed me , there are a lot of activities that we can do . swimming is my favourite sport . i was born and raised on a greek island called crete . the sea is part of me . furthermore i will have the opportunity to play basketball , despite the fact that i am not very tall for this kind of sport . however , i used to play basketball in my school because we didn't have any other type of court other than the basketball court . 
finally , would you mind sending me more information about the amount of money that i should bring . also , what about the life outside of the camp ? are there other places for entertainment especially for the nightlife ? could you send me some brochures for the place where we will stay ? 
thank you again , and i am looking forward to your reply . 
yours sincerely , 
the aim of this report is to give some suggestions about the short video which my college is going to make about the daily life of our school . it considers two areas : the lessons and the activities which should be filmed . 
i am of the opinion that the morning english lessons with our teacher , george , are worth filming and showing for many reasons . above all , they are enjoyable and interesting . all of us participate effectively . nobody is yawning or feeling bored . i want this opinion won't imply that the other lessons of other teachers aren't interesting . i think we are lucky with our competent teachers . also the practical lessons of the cooking course level nvq3 might be interesting with their delicious dishes of meat and vegetables . the pictures would be amazing and wonderful . 
there are many activities that could be filmed . we can film our swimming pool , despite the artificial sunbathing . it is clean , neat and tidy with helpful staff . the gym is a good choice for filming with the sophisticated equipment that you own have . in addition , we can film the library , which possesses thousand of works , books on various subject subjects , with up-to-date facilities such as computers , the internet , cds and cassettes . 
we shouldn't disregard and neglect to film the buildings and the gardens of our beautiful college , especially if we take into consideration the fact that it is in the city of shakespeare . it will be good advertising , and will help to make the reputation of our college even better . 
finally , i hope that my modest report will help the management of our college to achieve their aim . 
to whom it may concern , 
i'd like to say thank you for choosing me and sending me the letter . i am extremely excited about the camp ! for the camp , you need some information from me , don't you ? therefore i am going to write it down . 
first , i'd like to travel in july because my friend , who is french , is coming to toronto in august . therefore , i'd like to show her around and spend time with her as much as possible . 
second , i prefer log cabins to tents . the reason is that the camp will be two weeks and log cabins are more comfortable than tents . however , if the log cabins are not available at the moment , i can stay in the tents . 
third , i'd like to choose painting and surfing for the activities . this is because i've been surfing since 1998 and i'm keen on surfing . also , painting is one of my favourite things ! and i always wanted to learn how to paint . 
lastly , i'd like to ask you some questions . i know everything is included and i don't need to pay anything , but should i bring some money in case or not ? and if i need to bring some money could you suggest the amount ? 
also , could you suggest what kind of clothes i should bring , please ? 
thank you very much for reading this letter . i really appreciate your choosing me . i am really looking forward to this camp . thank you . 
truly , 
yoshiko murasaki
dear kim , 
hi ! how are you ? i'm fine , thanks . 
anyway , i really enjoyed helping at a pop concert last month so that i'd like to write about it ! 
first , we went to this office to apply for this job . the interview was ok and my friend and i were hired ! 
then , the day of the concert came ! can you imagine how excited we were ? our hearts were thumping and we were kind of nervous , however , there were a lot of things to do , so we started working . 
after working 30 minutes , a singer appeared . while we were organizing the concert , she was singing on a stage . we could listen for free ! i just imagined what it was like to be a singer . if only i could sing beautifully ! 
anyway , by the time we finished everything , thousands of fans came into this concert hall . everybody looked very excited about the concert . 
during the concert , we had to stand to protect this singer . we saw some very strange fans but most of them were quite nice . actually , they were well-behaved . 
finally , the concert finished and we were thanked by this singer . also , we got some posters as well . 
it was a great experience for me and my friend . i wish you had been there with us ! maybe next time ! 
by the way , i think i should go . please take care and please write to me , right ? 
love , 
yoshiko . 
20 ibiza road
san antonio
13/06/2000
helen ryan
competition organiser
dear madam:
i'm writing to you with reference to the letter i have received from you saying i have won your competition . 
first of all , i'd like to thank you for the prize , i will enjoy it absolutely a lot . 
your letter encloses an application form i have to fill in with some information about the trip . well , as you ask , i will tell you i would like to travel as soon as july begins , i'm going to be able only to travel in that month because of my job responsibilities . according to regarding the choice of tents or log cabins , i think i will turn to the first one because i have always loved camping close to nature , if possible , in front of a lake or a river , if your campsite has one , so that i will be able to do my favourite and skillful hobby: sailing . as well as this activity i'll do painting , i'm very keen on art and i think i'm good at painting portraits . 
finally , i'd like to ask some further questions: what kind of clothes do i have to bring ? do i any kind ? and would it be necessary to bring any money ? how much ? 
thank you very much , and i hope the information above will be sufficient . i look forward to hearing from you
yours faithfully , jose fernandez
" wuthering heights " by emile brnte i think this statement is a very true accurate affirmation summary in the case of my book because the main character in the story is a very wicked man . besides that , this character is more interesting than the others due to his complex mind and his deep , evil ways . he's the richest character of all , his name is heathcliff , and he's the reason for whatever happens to the other characters . they are always suffering from the vengeance that heathcliff is sworn to , the cause of which is the miserable situation the other characters have put him in . from this point of view i think heathcliff shouldn't be hated for his bad temper . he's not good not because he was born with this tendency to harm but because the other characters have made him like that . this revenge links the story together so without it we would not have such " wuthering heights " . i sympathize with heathcliff because i think every bad character is a very important aspect of every book , film or play and if they were missing we would not love those stories we enjoyed while we were reading them . 
dear mrs ryan , 
thank you for your letter of 13 june . i am very happy to have won the first prize in your competition . 
i would like to travel only in july , because i have only one month's holiday this year . i would prefer to sleep in a tent , because i think it is great fun and a bit more adventurous . it is not too comfortable , but that is not a problem for me . i like this kind of holiday . 
i am keen on photography so i would love to participate in this activity . i am very good at it and it would be a pleasure for me to help the others . i will also take painting , because i always dream about painting , but i never try to , so i think it is a good opportunity . 
i would be grateful if you could tell me what kind of clothes i have to take with me and how much money , more or less , you think i should take . 
thank you for asking me about my tastes preferences and to be preoccupied about it for your concern . 
i look forward to hearing from you as soon as possible . 
yours sincerely , 
audrey gillett
dear kim , 
as you know , last month i helped worked at a pop concert and i enjoyed it a lot . 
first i had to make the backdrop for the stage , so i made the background a sky with a lot of bright stars . then i put in some blue lights . furthermore i made some stars out of paper in silver colour silver-coloured paper . but that was only the beginning of my adventure . 
the most exciting part was when i had to do the pop stars' make-up ! i never had met pop stars before and i was very impressed , but i was too happy to show my shyness . do you believe that i spoke with micheal jackson , my favourite singer ? 
i can't believe it yet ! it was a wonderful experience . i will remember that day for the rest of my life . it was like a dream who becomes true like a dream come true . i wish you had been there with me . i can't explain how super great it was . 
i stayed with him until the concert began and after the show i had the opportunity to stay in his private room with him and the other dancers . well , i have to leave you now , but i will give you more details when we next meet each other . 
see you soon . 
love , 
audrey
dear sir , 
after having read your letter , i am writing to you to inform you that i would like to travel in july . it is the only month that i don't work . as for the accommodation , i would prefer a tent . there's nothing like hearing raindrops on canvas at night ! 
last but not least , i would like to go sailing and climbing . i have sailed a little in my youth but have never been climbing . it would be a fun experience ! will i be needing any money ? please send me a list of required clothes and/or supplies . thank you very much . 
yours sincerely , 
gilbert neville
p . s . 
i would like to know if there is a medical staff present during the two weeks . does any medication have to be declared to them ? in the event of an accident , will the transport back home be paid for ? 
why is it that shopping is sometimes unenjoyable ? 
first of all , it depends on who is with you and what the other person likes to shop for . 
some people are boring to shop with , they don't talk or comment on anything they see . why would anyone shop with that type of person ? well , i really don't know . women , in particular , have the annoying habit of always having to touch everything they see . if it is something they like , they always have to try it on . we all know how it is when a woman tries on some clothes ( usually several items ) but that's still better than when we're talking about shoes ! that has to be the worst . seeing or imagining a woman in the clothes she chooses can at least help when you are bored , but shoes are just shoes . shopping for them is a very long and tiring experience process . it seems to last forever and just when you think she's done , she spots another pair . 
shopping in my opinion is supposed to be a very quick experience process . as soon as someone else is with you , it can become horrible ! 
dear sir/madam . 
i have just received your letter saying that i have won the competition . i must say i was really surprised and happy to be given the opportunity to join the camp for two weeks . 
i would like to travel at the end of july , because at that time i will be finishing a degree in art . i am concerned that you offer me the chance to choose two activities , while i am there . because of my studies , i will take painting , as this is the subject which i am finishing at college , always with important qualifications , and photography which has been my hobby since i discovered that i can mix , in practice , paint and photography . 
concerning accommodation , i would prefer a tent since for me if i go to a camp or on an excursion it isn't the same if i sleep in a cabin . 
finally i would like to know if i will have any extra cash for expenses , i mean food , or will i have to bring it with me ? will i have to bring my own clothes or will you give them to us ? 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours faithfully
shopping is not always enjoyable . 
some people seem to enjoy going shopping and spending money . it makes them happy . but what about the queues you have to join to pay for something just to find , when you get to the front , that they have to close the till and they ask you to move to the next till . what a waste of time . 
it happened to me once . i wanted to go on holiday , so i went to the travel agency . in the window there were some good advertisements about holidays which were very cheap . i really liked one of them concerning a holiday in spain for 3 days with hotel and breakfast included , only for for only 250 . i went inside to ask about that package but they told me that it was gone , so , i went to many shops just to get the same answer . any none of the adverts in the windows were available . however , the most important thing is when i asked them to take that advert out of the window they didn't do it . 
as and advise try to go shopping in the out pick hours , and don't waste your time asking for promotion promotions advertised in the windows of the shop . 
dear mrs ryan , 
i am really enthusiastic about the prize i've won . i'm writing to give you the information you asked me for and , if it's possible , to have some further details about the camp . 
i would prefer travelling in july , because i have my exams in june and i've signed a contract to work as a shop assistant , starting in august . 
since i have a choice of accommodation , i'll definitely go for the log cabin , because i can't bear the heat inside a tent . 
out of the list of activities given , i've chosen golf and photography; golf because i love the sport although i don't get to play it much ( i'm not bad at it ) , and photography because it's something i've always wanted to learn but i've never had the chance . 
i would like to ask you about the weather conditions , so i can decide on what clothes to take , and about costs , so i can make a budget for the holiday . 
yours sincerely
angelo costa
dear kim , 
i'm really glad you wrote to me to ask how everything had gone at the concert; so i'm going to tell you how things went . 
my job mainly involved helping to build the stage and to take it down after the concert , but i also gave a hand backstage when needed . 
i was part of the staff . we all had a special pass and they also gave us a t-shirt and a cap ( i've got an extra one for you ) ; our work started two days before the concert , and i must say it was really hard , especially because we worked in the sun , from 8 . 00 a . m to 8 . 00p . m . with an hour's break for lunch and it was the same after the concert . 
after the stage was built , the rest of the things i had to do were quite easy and enjoyable; i could stay either behind or in front of the stage and give a hand if needed . i really enjoyed it because i learnt a lot of technical things i didn't know; and what i also enjoyed was the good pay ! 
lots of love
angelo . 
dear mrs . helen
i'm writing to answer the questions that you sent me in the last letter , so referring to the question of when i would like to travel , i would like to go anytime during july , because i have to be in august back home back home in august , because i need to apply and get everything sorted out , to go to college next september . 
and referring to the question about which type of accommodation i prefer , i choose a log cabin , because i think that a tent is messier , so i would appreciate it if you give me a cabin . and my answer to the question about which activities i would like to choose , well i choose swimming , because it is my daily exercise , and surfing . anyway i'm not very good at surfing but with a little bit of help i know i can do it . 
oh , last i just would like to ask you how much clothing and money i have to bring with me . and well , mrs helen , i would really appreciate it if you sent me back a letter with all the answers to my questions . 
thank you very very much and please keep in contact by e-mail , or normal mail . 
yours truly 
alvaro ramirez
dear kim:
i hope you are keeping in great shape , like you were the last time i saw you . how is your family ? i hope everyone is ok . 
well here in dublin things are still the same , but i think somebody told you that i went to the moby concert here at the point , which is the big venue for events and concerts . i guess it was the best concert i've ever been to , but the coolest thing is that , well do you remember my friend luke , the one that works as a security guard ? well he told me that they needed people to put everything on the stage , so i went to help them and everything else , and when i got to the point , do you know who was there ? can you believe it , it was moby . so i went to say hello to him , and he asked me , 'would you give me a hand with my decks ? ' so i went , and when we finished he gave me a t-shirt and a gold pass to see the concert from the first row . oh my god , kim , that was the best thing that ever happened to me . well kim , i hope to receive a letter from you soon , and please tell everybody about the moby concert and everything , thank you . 
see you soon
love
alvaro
xxxx
dear helen ryan , 
thank you for the news that i won the competition . i'll try to answer your questions . 
i would prefer to travel in july . i have only this time , because my summer holidays are during these days . 
to answer your question about living in tents or cabins , i would like to sleep in a tent . a cabin remind reminds me too much of my home and is too comfortable . that isn't what i want to have if i stay in a wild area . 
my favourite sports are climbing and surfing . i'm very good at climbing but for surfing i need some practice . 
yes , i have some questions about clothes . what should i take with me and how much money will i need ? 
i hope i was able to answer your questions and you will perhaps soon give me a reply to my ones . 
yours , vadim titov
dear kim , 
you won't believe what i did last month . i was given the opportunity to build up the concert and of course i took my chances jumped at it . 
first i arrived really early in the morning at the place , but the people were just working and i joined them . my duty was to montage the spot lights on the right places , but it wasn't very easy . you always had some problems like not having enough wire or the lamps being broken by the transport . the experience that i had was that i had never worked in such a perfect team . i was able to ask anybody , and he answered in detail , although he had a lot of work . 
after the hard work we had cool drinks , sat down on the ground and enjoyed the pop concert . and as the pop stars thanked us for our hard work we all were a little proud to be here . 
love , vadim
dear ryan
i am writing to reply to your letter about the competition . 
first of all i would like to say that i am very happy that i won first prize in your competition . 
secondly , you asked me when i have time for travel , so i can only go in july , because i only have holiday in july . and i would like to go in the first part of this month , the second part i spend with my family . 
if you do not mind i would prefer a tent , because in a tent i will be alone . 
while i will be at the camp i would like sailing , because it is my favourite sport . i am good at it - i have been sailing since childhood . the second activity which i would like to do is surfing - i have never done it . 
i would like to know how much money i must have with me ? and what clothes i should take with me . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours faithfully 
aniela chmielewski
" the old man and the sea " 
'this is such a marvellous book you will want to read it again'
in my opinion this book 'the old man and the sea' is the best book which ernest hemingway had written wrote . 
thise book is about a man who knows that he will die soon , he knows that he didn't make his dream come true . so he decided to go for a last trip in his life . his destination goal is to get a marlin . he is very old , and he isn't so strong as he should be . he needs to rest , but he doesn't give up . in the end he makes his dreams come true , he gets catches a vast marlin . 
in this book hemingway is trying to tell us , that if we want something , we can get it , it might be difficult and take a long time but we can do it . we must believe in ourselves . 
people in our ages should think about this . sometimes they give up , before they get something , 
to sum up i must say that everyone should read this book . 
camp california in the u . s . a . 
competition organiser
13th june 2000
dear helen ryan , 
i am really happy to receive your congratulations . it was a very exciting moment and a very nice competition . and now to win first prize ! it is wonderful for me to have the opportunity to visit camp california in the u . s . a . 
in answer to your letter , i would like to travel in july for two reasons . one's because i totally will have finished my exams by that time and the other is that in the first two weeks of that month i will go to farnborought is special 10 days the presentation the air show and the delegation from my country will be there . 
and for the second question , about accommodation during these two weeks at the camp , i would prefer a log cabin ; because maybe it is more interesting to share with other people . 
on the other hand you tell me i have the chance to choose two activities while i am at the camp . but it is not easy , because all are very interesting for me . but anyway i like more to have the possibilities for practise to practise to do climbing and surfing . meanwhile , these activities are develop . can you say tell me if it is necessary to bring any special clothes . for instance if i practise go surfing will i need a wet suit . is it possible to get one there ? the same goes for climbing . do i need any special equipment and is it available in the camp and what about the guide for these activities ? do i need any extra money ? 
i would really appreciate it if you could answer these doubts questions and saying again . thanks very much , because is new stimulation for me . this prize . 
yours sincerely , 
isabel cruz
13th june , 2000
shopping is not always enjoyable . 
i think this topic is so exciting from the anthropological and psychological point of view , because we can study the subject's reactions before , during and after shopping . 
people in general have a compulsion actitud to shop , in my opinion . because sometimes the article being bought is not really necessary . we must accept that the media have an important effect on our lives , especially the t . v . 
for men and women is important appearance appearance is important and they spend a lot of money buying clothes , cosmetics , accessories , jewellery etc . and other times they sometimes choose just for the label . without give really importance to the quality . in reference to the appearance there is more preocupation in the food area , because people in general don't spend time preparing food and when they go shopping they choose pre-prepared food . we know it is easier for those with a busy life . 
on the other hand the facilities for access to the shopping center are not good . the area for parking , space for children to play or bus station near the mall are not really appropriate adequate . otherwise shopping would be more enjoyable . 
i think in the near future we need to decide with the government which special place in the town will be left just as a commercial area , but of course with all the facilities to get there , like a big supermarket and mall centre , from different areas of the city . 
dear ms helen ryan , 
i received your letter yesterday . i really thank you for your organisation has given me the opportunity the opportunity your organisation has given me to go to the u . s . a . 
concerning the date when i would like to travel , it will be nice to go on the 1st of july , because my summer holidays start at the end of june . and i need a few days to prepare my stuff . 
regarding the accommodation , i would prefer to stay in tents rather than log cabins because i have a lot of experience of put putting up my own tents . when i was in high school i used to be a member of the campfire . 
concerning the activities that you have listed , some of them i am really interested in , especially painting . since i was young , my dad always took has always taken me to life drawing , so now it has become one of my hobbies . and i think it will be nice to draw beautiful landscapes of the place . beside drawing , swimming is my favourite as well . when i was in high school , i joined the swimming club . and i also participated in a few swimming competitions . although i'm not the best , i have a lot of confidence at it . 
lastly there are some things i need to clarify , such as what type of clothes and how much money i need to prepare bring . 
thanks again . 
i agree ! sometimes shopping is not always enjoyable . most people might think , why would i say that ? because shopping is a very good entertainment , especially for females women , like me . 
for frankly frankly , i like to shop . of course not because of buying things . i like to go window shopping that is good to go around the shopping centre . it helps you keep up to date . with what with what fashion is in now . 
but during any peak season , like christmas holidays or even during weekends , then i can say i definitely don't feel it is enjoyable , because of the crowds . for me i think it is not shopping but a kind of suffering , especially queuing up for twenty minutes just to pay or waiting for the salesgirl to get the right size . so sometimes i don't think shopping is enjoyable , and if there is any big holiday , i would rather stay at home and watch television . 
13 . 06 . 2000
dear mrs . ryan , 
thank you very much for your letter . i am happy that i won the first prize and i am looking forward to travelling to california . 
you had some questions which i would like to answer now:
- time of travelling: according to because of the vacations and school holidays in germany i am only able to travel in july . due to this fact i hope you can arrange it for me . 
- accommodation : a log cabins log cabin would be nice for me to stay in when i am in california . you know that we are not used to living in such high temperatures in germany as you have there in california . i suppose i will have more fun if there is a cabin which is air conditioned . if there are only tents available at this time it will not be a problem for me either . 
- activities: during my stay i would like to do swimming and surfing . i know it will be hot there and california is famous for its beaches . i am a good swimmer and hope to improve my swimming style , too . on the other hand i have no experience of surfing - i am an absolute beginner with high motivation . 
- additional question: could you tell me how much extra money is usually needed for a two-week camping holiday ? 
i am looking forward to getting further information from you . greetings from germany ! 
yours sincerely
bruno aachen
" shopping is not always enjoyable " . 
before we can give our opinions on this statement we have to make sure that everyone knows what we are discussing . 
'shopping' means buying goods for your daily requirements , e . g . food , clothes . we do not speak here about luxury goods . 
in this context , shopping means a compulsory exercise you have to do regularly and frequently . it is not enjoyable if you look on it as a duty . but if you realize how important what you buy is for your health you will go shopping with a far greater consciousness and more joy than before . 'shopping' could be annoying if you look on it as a waste of time because you do it every day . reorganize your approach to shopping and plan to keep food in stock ! try the internet and use e-business and online shopping to order your pants for example . 
this is even a good way to get around the unfriendly service you get to know if you have to buy something in a shop right before closing time . choose your clothes at home before you order them by e-mail ! another way to get a friendlier service is of course to go to another shop . 
you have been presented with some reasons why shopping is not always enjoyable . there are ways of making it more fun . it depends on every individual to change your mind and behave like a 'smart' shopper . 
dear mr. helen . ryan , 
thank you for confirming about the first prize in your competition . i was pleased when i got it . 
i'll confirm about my hopes . 
i hope i'll be able to travel in july , due to the fact that my children have summer holiday from july . i prefer to stay in log cabins , because i'm going to travel with 2 children and my dog . i wonder if i can take them as well . then i'd like to join the activities , swimming and singing . i love swimming and also i've got a scuba diving licence . i used to enjoy floating on the water whenever i was on holiday . singing is the most favourite hobby for us . we often go out to sing in a karaoke bar . 
my son experienced winning the first prize in a karaoke competition . 
i'd like to know how much money , and how many clothes we need . 
i would be grateful if you sent me more details
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours faithfully 
hana soma
first of all , we can't go shopping without money . nowadays , most products' prices have gone up with our own country's economic development . despite the poor material of product , we have to pay a lot of money , even though we are completely satisfied with shopping at that time , we sometimes regret buying after the shopping . it sounds foolish . however it often happens . 
secondly , the service often makes us angry . of course , the shopkeepers are human beings as well . but for their considerations , they're working in their routines . so their attitude sometimes seems to be bossy and pushy . 
i sometimes lose my desire to buy a thing because of their bad behaviour . 
moreover , shopping is just a part of life . it's necessary to buy something to live . we have to buy something . for example , for our jobs , special ceremonies , and so on . even when the risk comes up with shopping . 
to sum up , shopping is not always enjoyable for us
dear helen ryan:
i am writing to answer the questions i have been asked in your previous letter . i have decided i would like to visit camp california only in july because i have already organized another trip for the month of august . 
i would prefer sleeping in a log cabin if it's possible because i have back problems and i am not allowed to sleep on the ground . 
i have also chosen as activities the options of golf and tennis . i am rather good at these sports because i have played them since i was a little girl . i am better at tennis that at golf but anyway i have experience in both these sports . 
i have also several simple questions . i would like to know how much money i have to take and what type of clothes i need . do i have to take with me my tennis racquet and my golf bag my tennis racquet and my golf bag with me ? i would be very grateful to receive answers to my questions . thank you . 
yours sincerely , 
dear kim:
how are you ? i'm fine . i finish school next week . i have to tell you all about the pop concert i helped to organize last month . it was really cool . i got the chance to meet ricky martin . boy , he's really really handsome ! 
i was in charge of the stage lights , you know , all those colourful lights that go all around the stage . it was hard work and i had been practising for several weeks . i had to learn what part of the stage had to be lit with a blue light and what part a green one . even though i ended up terribly tired i really enjoyed myself . 
it was a strange experience because it's something new to me . i had never even gone to a concert before . i even got the chance to take some photographs of ricky martin with my sister and i've got one photo of him with me ! ! 
well , its an experience i'll never forget as long as i live . write to me as soon as possible , please ! 
your friend , 
dear mrs . ryan , 
in your letter i received a few days ago , you asked me to give you some more information concerning my trip to the u . s . a . 
i'm a teacher in vienna . my holiday starts on july 1st . for august i booked a trip to greece with my wife . that's why it would be great if i could make that journey to the u . s . in july . 
i'm not really a young man and during the recent years of my life i became have become accustomed to comfort . tents remind me of the time when i was in the army - i would prefer a log cabin for my stay in the camp . 
swimming is an activity i have done since i was a boy . i still enjoy swimming , especially when it's in the sea , although i never took part in competitions , which means i go swimming just for fun . 
the other activity i choose is photography . usually i just take holiday pictures to look at when i'm back home but when i have enough time - sometimes - i like to take pictures that have a slight touch of art . . . . 
i think there are no more questions . i'm looking forward to seeing you . 
yours
i'm the teacher of the class in question . the children are seven to eight years old . the video that will be made should demonstrate what a day in school is like . 
- i start the day by greeting the children and they answer - in english , of course . then i tell them to sit down . 
- the first lesson will deal with animals on a farm . i will show pictures of animals and the children will tell me the names of the animals . 
- later on we'll sing the song " old mcdonald had a farm " . 
- the third part of the film will show the children's painting work " animals on a farm " . 
- some sequences featuring the gym lesson should conclude the part of the film showing the children at work , but there should follow another short part that shows how the children have their lunch and spend their free time , what games they play in the schoolyard and how they interact with each other . 
each part of the film mentioned above should not be longer than 5 to 10 minutes . the whole film when it's finished will last for about half an hour . 
dear ms helen ryan
i am writing this letter as an answer to your request for some further information from me . 
i would like to travel in july , because i have recently got a new job , which i am going to start in august . therefore , july is my last free month until much later . i would prefer to stay in a tent during the camp , as i find tents a lot more exciting than log cabins . i am a very good swimmer , so i choose swimming from the activities you listed . i am also very keen on climbing , although i am not extremely good at it . i would also like to ask how much money i am supposed to take with me and i would be glad if you could give me an answer before the camp begins . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely
bibiana krol
most people enjoy shopping . but not me . i think shopping is hard , exhausting work , especially when you are trying to buy yourself some new clothes . 
the most annoying thing about shopping is that in most cases you have to search for a particular thing for a long time and visit several shops before you find something that suits you . eventually , after long searching you find a skirt you like . but it doesn't fit . you get really angry trying to find a bigger one but unfortunately this is the last one . and finally , after a few more hours , you buy the skirt of your dreams . and suddenly you notice the identical but cheaper one in the next shop . an accident like that can really make you livid . at last you come back home , carrying the most beautiful skirt in the whole town . you phone your friend to visit you and your friend comes , wearing a skirt not unlike the one you have just bought . 
but that's life . you can always go and buy a new one . 
dear madam , 
with regard to your letter , i would like to thank and congratulate you for making possible an event as wonderful as your competition . 
if it is possible i'd prefer to spend the two weeks mentioned in your letter during july . in august i'll be working , so it will be impossible for me to enjoy my prize during that month . 
about the accommodation , from the two options , i choose to sleep in a tent , because i think that a log cabin isn't as authentic as a tent , at the camp . 
my two activities chosen from the list are climbing and surfing . my skills in these activities differ widely : while regarding climbing , this will be the first time i have climbed ; in , regarding surfing , learning won't be a problem because i have been doing it since i was ten years old . 
i would be grateful if you could send me further information about details like how much money or what kind of clothes i'll have to take with me . 
yours sincerely
gil sanchez
dear kim , 
sorry for not having written to you in the last month . you know that i'm a little bit lazy , but the main reason for not writing to you has been the accumulation of exams during this month . 
do you remember that i had to help at a pop concert ? well the concert was friday night and i went there with the red cross volunteers . did you know i'm one of them ? 
there i was impressed by how a singer can cause such hysteria in teenagers . during the two-hour concert we had to attend to thirty-six people who became unconscious after being trapped in the first row by the other people . can you imagine ? thirty-six people in two hours ! if you have to help at a concert avoid it if you can . it's the best thing you can do in this case . 
well , i hope you won't be as lazy as me and you'll write soon . 
lots of love . 
gil sanchez
dear mrs . ryan , 
i'm writing to you to reply to your letter asking for some more information about me , to give you all the information you need . 
first of all you asked when i would be able to travel . you ought to know that it is possible for me to go there only in july because i'm going to work the whole of august . 
answering the second question , i would prefer my accommodation to be in log cabins . the reason is that , in my opinion , they are more comfortable , there's more space and in addition they are warmer . 
providing that you give me the chance to chose two activities , i would love to do swimming and singing . i attend swimming and singing classes twice a week so i'm really good at both . 
finally i would like to ask you about clothes and money . where will we be able to wash our clothes during the camp ? are we allowed to carry with us all the money we wish to ? 
don't hesitate to contact me with any more questions . 
yours sincerely , 
angeles 
nowadays shopping is considered one of the most usual and enjoyable activities , especially if you are a woman and you are out to buy clothes . at first sight it is , but shopping is not always enjoyable . 
basing my opinion on my experience , i'm going to talk mostly about clothes shopping . there are some points that give me the reason . 
first of all , who is your companion ? if you take your mum shopping the right day , she has been doing housework all day , that will probably end in argument . 
on the one hand , there's you . you are feeling sick , or angry with your boyfriend . how can you pretend to see in a mirror that anything fits well you you well ? 
on the other , you have always to count on unfriendly shop assistants , not having the size for you or too high prices . 
who would talk now about enjoyable shopping trips ? i'm sure there would be plenty of people ready to do it . 
dear mrs helen ryan:
i have just received your letter telling me i have won the first prize in your competition , and i am glad about it . i am writing to give the information you asked me for and also i would like to require request some information about the prize . 
first of all i want to let you know i could travel only in july because it is the month that i have holidays from my school . furthermore i would like to choose to stay in a tent instead of a cabin because i think it could be more exciting and could provide more contact with the environment . 
also i would like to respond to your question about the activities i have to choose from your list: i would prefer painting and photography because for the other sports i am not healthy enough i am not healthy enough for the other sports at the moment , and i think i used to do painting and photography very well at school . 
finally i would like to ask if i need any special clothes and do i need any money ? how much ? 
please , if you require extra information do not hesitate to contact me . 
yours faithfully
dear kim: i am sorry , i haven't written to you sooner but i am still excited about the experience i had helping will smith on the freeway last month . anyway , now i am going to tell you everything about it . 
as you know , i have always taken the freeway on sundays to go to my grandparents' house , but that sunday i was driving when suddenly i saw in the lay-by one excellent car . it was a jaguar with will smith in it . i stopped and i was going to ask if he needed some help and he said , " of course " . 
he had a puncture and he didn't know how to repaired repair it . then i changed the tyre and during this time he was asking me about my hobbies , studies , everything . he was really kind and friendly but really what i really enjoyed most about it was when he invited me out that night for a drink at the most luxurious pub i have ever been to . can you believe my luck ? 
all right that's about all my news , then writte soon and tell me about you . 
lots of love
dear ms helen
thank you very much for your letter letting me know that i have won your first prize . 
i am writing to you in order to give you some details you asked me for in your letter . 
first of all , i need to tell you that it is only possible for me to travel in july , because i am going to move to spain in august . 
about my accommodation preferences , i would really like to be in a tent . every time i travel around , i sleep in nice rooms with nice beds; that is why i think it is a good choice to sleep in sleeping bags . 
from the activities i can choose to do in these two weeks , i would enjoy playing basketball and climbing . i think it would be fun to play basketball after not playing for five years; and since i go out to the mountains once a month , i don't think i would have any problem with climbing . 
i would like to ask you some questions: could you tell me what kind of clothes would be adequate suitable for these two weeks ? how much money do you think i should bring with me ? 
thank you once again for your attention and interest . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely , 
gloria ortega
dear kim
you are going to be jealous when you hear this . 
as i told you in my last letter , i worked two weeks ago in edinburgh helping at a pop concert . the pop stars were all young people ( between 23 - 30 years old ) , and all of them were really nice . 
our main tasks during those three days ( i worked with 10 other young people ) consisted in carrying musical instruments and loudspeakers , checking the lights and microphones , cleaning everything , . . . 
the job was hard , but , from my point of view , it was worthwhile . i have learned lots of things , earned some money for the summer , and the most important thing: i have had fun . 
every five working hours , we had thirty minutes' break to eat something . we also had time to tell jokes and play with water balloons . 
the most exciting thing was when we removed all the stuff the day after the concert , and we went to the highlands to spend the whole day there . that was fantastic ! if you have never been there , i really recommend you to go . i even played the drums there ! 
i hope your exams are going well , and you write back when you finish them . 
lots of love
dear helen ryan
i am shocked that i won first prize in this competition . it will be a great adventure to visit camp california . 
i am writing to inform you that i would like to travel in july . the reason is that i am a full-time student at cracow university and i have many exams at the end of the semester , which is in june . i hope that it is not a problem . 
i would like you to know that i prefer a tent . i think it is much better than a log cabin . especially in the summer when the temperature and humidity are very high . 
from the list of all the activities i have chosen photography and golf . since secondary school i have been very interested in taking pictures and i have broad experience of it . i have chosen golf because i have never played this game . 
please , send me any information about what i should take with me . should i bring my camera , warm clothes or any pocket money ? i am waiting for your reply . 
yours sincerely
rafael szymanski
dear kim
thank you for your latest letter . it was really very nice . i know that you're waiting for any information about the concert . here it comes . . . 
my friend offered me a job as a member of the technical staff at sting's concert . i love his music and i collect his albums so i was very happy that i helped his crew . 
our job was to prepare the stage . we've built it using ready metal and wooden parts . it was really big and impressive . then we had to plug in all electric instruments , speakers , lights and microphones . i was working with a specialist who had to connect all the lights together to one computer and prepare a colourful show . it was a totally new experience for me and a real pleasure working with professionals . 
it was a hard and complicated job but we all had a lot of satisfaction during the concert . even mr. sting came to us to thank us for our help . 
i hope that you liked my story . send me your opinion about that . 
i hope to see your letter soon
rafael
dear mr. ryan
i am writing in response to the letter , which i received yesterday . i am really pleased to win first prize in your competition , and , i am also pleased to give you the details which you would like to know . 
first of all , you asked about when i would like to travel . i am afraid that i am available to travel only in july , because i have to work all year except one month's holiday in july . 
secondly , i would appreciate it if i could stay in log cabins at camp . i feel that they would be fabulous places with a western design . 
most of all , i am really interested in doing two activities . i am very good at tennis . however , i haven't any idea about sailing . so , i would like to try both of them . 
lastly , i would be grateful if i could have the following information . 
i would like to know about the clothes which are suitable for activities . as well as that , i wonder if i have to take some money for extra activities and a few more things ? 
thank you for your time and attention . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely
jae hwa . kim . 
there was a meeting to talk about a video about daily life at our school . 
it was thought that a normal , regular lesson , 3 optional lessons and a great deal of activities should be filmed . 
referring to optional lessons , it was recommended that speaking and listening , computer and business english are suitable for filming . i feel that these are what students really prefer to learn . 
there seems to be a general opinion that sports , art and music activities such as tennis , football , orchestra , painting , and photography should be included . it can show how much students enjoy their life in our school . 
as well as that , if we filmed famous students and teachers in our school , it would be a fantastic video . 
in my opinion , students can learn english from wide activities as well as lessons . that's why they prefer to film a lot of activities . 
dear helen ryan , 
i am very happy to have won first prize in your competition . i am very interested in spending two weeks at camp california in the usa . i would like to travel in july , because it is the summer and the weather is sunny , moreover i am totally free during this month . 
regarding the accommodation , i would prefer a log cabin , because i cannot sleep in a tent . 
i like to do sports and i would like to do sailing and surfing for speed sensations . i am good at those two activities , because i go to the sea every weekend . 
i would like to know have more information about clothes . i think that the weather is very hot and that the nights are not cold , but i do not know if i must take a lot of pullovers . 
best regards
henri
" shopping is not always enjoyable " is a statement made by men in general . women like to go shopping , but not alone and they want to motivate their husbands . men do not like shopping , because their women buy a lot of clothes and it is very expensive . moreover , men prefer to do sports , because shopping wastes a lot of time , which is contrary to the tastes of women , because if they have any free time , they will go shopping . 
i think that a child does not like shopping because he often has to wait , and i prefer to play with friends like these . they go shopping only if they have not clothes haven't any clothes . 
to conclude , i think that " shopping is not always enjoyable " is a true statement , but not always for all people . 
dear mrs helen ryan , 
i'm surprised to read that i've won the first prize . so i will travel in july because i've only got some then free time free time then . i've got a lot of work and my boss won't allow me to leave my work at any other time . 
i would prefer to stay in a tent because it's more like a camp . and so i can be closer to nature . i'm happy to read that i will have the chance to do two activities there . i choose painting and photography . i like painting and i have talent . i could paint all day . photography is a relaxing activity . you can photograph all kinds of arts you want . i take very good photos ! 
i must ask you about clothes and money . what kind of clothes should i bring with me ? and what about money ? do you pay for everything ? and for food , drinks etc ? 
i'm looking forward to hearing news from you . 
yours 
shopping is not always enjoyable
we people are often depressed or suffer from stress . what do we do then ? we go shopping . that often makes women feel better . they go out with friends or alone . but shopping is not always enjoyable . 
a friend of mine was depressed because her boyfriend leaves left her . she phones phoned me and asked me about going shopping . i agree agreed and we went shopping . just as we wanted to go out of a shop a man stopped us and holds held a pistol in his hand . we were scared and so we did everything that he told us to do . we are lucky that we are alive now . the police came and took him to the jail ( police station ) . 
you can't be careful because you don't know what time it will happen . but you can be careful when you speak with he or she who is stealing your things . 
dear mr. ryan , 
thank you very much for your letter regarding my prize that i won in your competition . it was a very pleasant surprise to win a trip to california and i very much appreciate it . 
i am writing this as a reply to your request to provide you with some information about my preferences . 
first of all i'd prefer to travel in july , because it is the only month i have free . i'll have to sit several exams in june . in august my family are going to visit our relatives in austria . 
i am not so keen about the accommodation but would rather stay in tents than cabins . it is much more fun and you can really enjoy nature and the company of your friends . 
it is great i can do something i really like at the camp . i really enjoy swimming . we live near the seashore and swimming is the sports activity i am really good at . i am by far the best swimmer in my school . the other subject is photography . i like taking pictures and want to share my interest with others . i am not a photographer but my family think that my photos are more than just good . 
finally i want to ask you some questions . what will be best to take with me , what will i need at camp ? how much money should i take ? will there be any guided tours ? and how many will be at the camp in july ? 
hope to hear from you soon . 
yours sincerely 
shopping is not always enjoyable . 
my best friend is crazy about shopping . she prefers shopping to everything else . she thinks that it is the most pleasant way of spending time , when you go from one shop to another , watching other people , looking at beautiful clothes , getting some fashionable ideas . sometimes i feel very sorry for her . it seems that going shopping is a reason for living . and there's there're so many people like her . lots of families planning plan a day out to go to a shopping centre , and it is a normal routine for them - to spend all day just shopping . not so many people think about going fishing or playing games with their families any more . they have forgotten how beautiful can be the countryside the countryside can be , and you can only meet tourists in the castles or museums . 
people are normally angry after shopping - because it is so easy to get tired . people do not smile at each other , do not talk to each other at the shops . they look like robots who have to do their duty - to buy . 
in my opinion shopping is just something to cover our basic needs . shops are not for spending our lives in them . try to give up shopping one day and try to spend your day with friends , going to do something together . it feels much better . you'll have happy memories and be in a good mood . 
dear ms ryan
i'm so happy to receive your letter , and i want to give you the information you need . i would like the trip to start in july if possible . because this is my holiday holiday start at the camp california , i would like my accommodation in a tent , because i work in the army and on the camp i usually stay in a tent at night , so i will feel more comfortable . regarding the activities i would like to choose swimming and climbing for my activities at the camp ; these two activities i usually do i usually do these two activities on the army camp . i know how to climb up on rachiat outside and help other people to climb up . i teach people to swim in the army . and i have a question to ask ? on the camp do i need any money do i need any money on the camp and what kind of clothes do i have to wear ? 
yours sincerely
to make a daily life video in school , we should concentrate on the things we do most in a school . the thing we do most in a school is having have lessons . it will be a very useful part of this video and should be the main subject . the lessons we include in the video should be the main subject we study . in the video i think we should take time to talk about what we do in our free time and study periods . this is another important part of our school life , and we should include a section about lunch and where are the people go to eat their lunch or what they do ? after we talk about lunch , we should talk about the activities we are doing and the systems about the activities in school or outside school and have a little section about the school term , and what kind of sport the people like the most . at the end of the video , we should find one or two student students sit together and ask them a few questions about how they feel about studying at the school ? this is the suggestion to making a daily life video in school . 
dear helen ryan , 
i am writing to reply to your letter saying that i have won the competition , which i can't believe . i am so excited by the news . 
i think i can take this opportunity in july because i run my shop all year round except three weeks in july . 
i would like to have accommodation in log cabins as i find sleeping in tents very uncomfortable though it may be a new experience . 
it would be nice to have a chance to try a new sport when we are relaxed . i'd like to try golf because i'm not good at any other sports . besides golf , taking wonderful photographs of scenery has been my dream , even though i am a beginner . 
i'd like to ask about what clothes we need , what the weather is like and whether we need some spending money or not . 
i'm looking forward to going on this fantastic holiday . 
yours sincerely . 
dear kim , 
how are you ? i know you have been waiting for my letter . but as you know , i have been so busy that i couldn't write earlier . 
actually i didn't use to enjoy pop music much . my classmate cecilia persuaded me to try the whole new experience of helping at a pop concert . i thought it would be the last thing i wanted , but it wasn't . i've really enjoyed this opportunity . we delivered so many fantastic and gorgeous costumes which had been designed exclusively by top designers . we also helped to make posters and leaflets , which i enjoyed most as i always like drawing and designing . 
the most difficult work was to arrange the coach trip to the concert hall as there were many people from the countryside . it was too complicated . but the rest of the preparation was so good . i've realised pop stars are just like us , down to earth . they were so kind and modest . do you know what i liked most about this experience ? i found pop music so wonderful , it changed my opinion that classical music is always best . of course , i've enjoyed being around famous singers , too . 
love
dear helen ryan
thank you very much for the prize from camp california in america . 
regarding the time that i would like to travel , it must be in july only . this is because my a-level exams are coming up so i really need time to revise , and july is the only month that i am free . 
as to accommodation , i would prefer to stay in a tent . this is because it is my first chance to see the outside world by myself so i need to gather up new experiences . i have never ever stayed in a tent before but some of the people i know said that it is fun and much more exciting . 
as i am a person who loves doing activities , i would like to choose to do sailing and photography . i used to take a photography course at my school and my teacher taught me well about taking photos . also i have tried to sail before , but i am not perfectly good at it , but i would love to sail more . 
finally , i would like to ask about what kind of clothes i need to bring . and about money , do i need much of it ? please , give me some advice about these things . 
yours faithfully
dear kim
how are you ? i have written to you to tell you about the greatest experience that i have ever had . 
last week i offered to help the others at the concert and it was amazing . i couldn't believe how close i was to the band . there were so many youngsters at the concert , but because i was the youngest in the helping team i guess that i was the luckiest at that moment . 
the concert went very well and i enjoyed it so much . later on the band took a break for ten or fifteen minutes , so i served them with glasses of fizzy drink and chocolate bars , biscuits and sandwiches . you will not believe how close i was to the singers . 
after the break , the band had to carry on with the concert for another hour and a half . people backstage , including me , were helping to clean up all the stuff and ready for the end of the concert . 
when the band finished the concert , we had to serve them drinks again and help to clean the stage . afterwards , i had a chance to have photos taken with them and get their autographs etc . 
it was an enjoyable time in my life and i wished that you were there with me . through this letter , i am sure that you will be able to share this experience with me . 
lots of love
dear mrs ryan , 
many thanks for your letter . 
i would like to travel in july because i have got my summer holidays from july to august and i work as a bank clerk in august . i think a tent would suit my personal lifestyle better than a log cabin because i love nature . 
i would like to play basketball during my holidays at camp california because i love this game . i have been playing basketball for 8 years and today i am a member of an austrian basketball team . but i have never played golf in my life though with your help i would be able to learn how to play golf and i think this could be very interesting . 
i would also like to know how much money i will get from you for these two weeks because i would like to spend some money on clothes . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you soon . 
yours sincerely
dear kim
last month i enjoyed helping at a pop concert and i think you want to hear some funny stories about the experiences i had . 
at first i had to clean the three private rooms of the stars . this was very boring but after i left the third room i met brunner and brunner . these two people are stars in our country . . . o . k . i am just kidding . i don't like brunner and brunner's songs because this kind of music is very boring . 
i also had to clean the washrooms . i will never ever help anybody to organise a pop concert again . 
but after this servile work i met eminem . i think you know his popular songs like " my name is " . it was one of the greatest moments in my life . i had to take him something to eat . 
it was hard but also fun work . you should try to call get some experience at such a concert . you would not regret it . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you soon . 
dear helen ryan , 
i have just read your letter and would be grateful if you could give me more information about the two weeks at camp california in the usa . 
i am a nineteen-year-old girl who is still attending classes at saint john's school . for the past four years i have been playing tennis and i have also done some courses in painting . 
i would appreciate it if i could travel in july because my school gives me two summer holiday weeks weeks' weeks' summer holiday . as far as accommodation is concerned , i prefer staying in a log cabin . i believe it is better than a tent because that would not provide enough shelter . as i said before , i have been playing tennis for four years . i consider myself to be good at this sport . as regards painting , i know a lot about it since my grandmother taught me when i was five years old . 
it would be very kind of you to let me know about the clothes you think it will be necessary for me to take and how much money i will need . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely , 
dear kim , 
i'm sorry i haven't written to you before but i have been very busy helping at mano's concert . 
do you remember when i told you that my dream was to help mano's group ? well , my dream came true . it all started when i was at drama club and my singing teacher told me that mano's group were going to have a concert here , in argentina . she also told me that she has some connections with the people in charge of the lights at the concert . you know that last year i organised the lights at our performance . so , there i was , controlling the illumination of mano's concert ! ! ! ! 
i will never forget that wonderful experience . it has really helped me for our next performance at the drama club . it was so exciting to see mano's singer that i felt as if i were in heaven ! ! 
please write to me as soon as you can . 
best wishes , 
i am writing to thank you for the letter with the result of the competition and also to ask some questions . 
firstly , i would like to inform you that i prefer travelling in july to travelling in any other month . the reason for this is that july is the only month in which i am on holiday so i will not have to miss any classes . next , i would prefer to stay in a tent rather than stay in a log cabin because i appreciate having close contact with nature . therefore , i have chosen climbing and swimming as the two activities which i am good at . i can say i am good at swimming , because in the club i used to be first in all the competitions and as for climbing i used to climb trees , walls , everything in my childhood without falling . 
since i am going to travel i would like to know how much money would it it would be advisable to take and what kind of clothing i should take . 
i look forward to an answer from you . 
yours faithfully
adriana
i am just writing to tell you about my experience helping at a pop concert . 
wonderful , breathtaking , fabulous , these are some adjectives to describe just a little bit how my experience was . starting with good points , i could say that you could talk face-to-face with the pop stars . moreover , you had the unique opportunity to have your picture taken with them , to have their names written on your notebook by them . despite being tiring , it was rewarding because i noticed that all the singers are ordinary people who want to see their fans happy and satisfied and it is true i experienced that . another thing is that they pay you for your work and it is good money . don't worry because you don't pay for your ticket , it is " free " . from my point of view , there were no disadvantages . 
kim , summing up , it was the most interesting experience that i have ever had . i'm looking forward to hearing from you . 
lots of love
xxxxx
adriana
dear sir/madam
i was glad to hear from you recently and i really appreciate your invitation to california . 
i would like to tell you about my preference . 
to start with , i would rather stay in a log cabin because two weeks might be too long to stay in a tent and a log cabin would be more convenient for me . 
when it comes to activities , i would like to try climbing and surfing . i started surfing when i was 12 . so i am quite confident at this . although i had a few experiences of climbing , my everyday training at gym would retrieve my concerning . in addition to these reasons , both activities are popular , especially in california . 
and i also have to ask you what kinds of clothes will be suitable there . or approximately how much money would be enough to buy souvenirs because this will be the first time for me visiting california . 
finally , i must choose travelling there in july because i am not allowed to take holidays in other months due to my work . 
thank you very much for your time and i am looking forward to visiting there . 
yours faithfully , 
needless to say , shopping can cause you a waste of time and money . however , some people might be opposed to this general understanding because they believe that they can find shopping enjoyable . those who love shopping usually suffer from serious stress and may seek out satisfaction by shopping . 
however , things which you can get with money do not necessarily fill your dissatisfaction or even as you buy something more and more , your emptiness might be greater . 
and shopping is also a difficult hobby to go along with your friends or your partners . what you want is often different from what your friend wants . unless either you or your partner is really tolerant , shopping could result in another stress . so it is advisable not to make a friend whose hobby is shopping . 
in addition to these , everyone has regretted buying unnecessary things and those things would remind you what a silly decision you had made at that moment . 
on the whole , shopping can be harmful rather than enjoyable because you might be extravagant , lose your friends and have what you don't need . 
12 barcicka str . 
45-139 warsaw
13 july 2000
dear ms ryan
i am writing in reply to your letter i received yesterday . 
i am very proud that i won first prize in your competition and i am extremely happy to spend two weeks at camp california in the u . s . a . 
at the beginning i would like to answer the questions you asked me in your letter . 
the most suitable month for me to travel is july because my boss promised to give me this month off ( i am in charge of a project which starts in june so i am sure i couldn't go later ) . 
'as i have a choice i would prefer to stay in log cabins rather than tents because they seem to be more comfortable and you are not so dependent on weather conditions . as i was requested i should choose two activities from the list . so i decided to choose climbing and photography . these two are easy to connect , i could climb and make pictures at the same time . i am very keen on photography . last year i took part in a photographer's contest and i won a second prize in poland in the category of , , beautiful scenery'' . climbing , in contrast , is something i started a few months ago , so i have not gained any success in this sport . but you could give me a chance to get more familiar with it . i would like to ask about clothes . do i need any formal ones ? i would also like to know what the cost of spending two weeks in the u . s . a . is . 
i want to thank you once more for taking me into consideration in your competition . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely
juliana piotrowska
have you ever been to a big supermarket and tried to find something you really like or want , looking through shelves and not finding that in the end . what did you feel ? you had to be disappointed . 
there are a lot of situations which could make you feel similar while you do shopping . you might spend too much money and buy something you don't really need . you could also buy something which later turns out to be broken . so you have to complain about it . very often a shop assistant is not helpful so you lose your money and your time . 
moreover , you could face an aggressive and maybe even drunk shop assistant or manager . this leads to an escalation of your anger . 
sometimes you could find a bargain . you are happy to buy a dress or a suit for a good price . but at home you notice that there is a tear on the sleeve . and you couldn't of course take it back because the price was lowered and your dress is not under guarantee . 
you could also face an unpleasant situation connected with money . somebody could give you not enough change . how would you feel ? deceived ? 
so if you don't want to feel deceived or offended , think twice before you decide to go shopping . 
( a very depressing point of view , isn't it ? ) 
dear mrs ryan , 
thank you very much for your letter . i am very happy about having won the competition . i have several things to tell you and some questions about the camp . 
first , i would like to travel in july because it is the only free month i have in the summer . i have exams in june and a job in august . then , about accommodation , i would prefer a tent because i am used to it . i have already been to other summer camps and i always choose this accommodation . i find it more sociable than a log cabin . 
i have chosen from the activities offered to do photography . i have already been a member of a photography club so i am experienced . i also would like to practise do climbing but i have never done it before . 
finally , i would like to know what sort of clothes do you advise me to bring to be comfortable during my activities and , as nearly everything is already paid for , do i need to take a lot of money with me ? 
thank you very much for all these details . 
yours sincerely
jasmine martin
dear kim , 
i have a lot of different things to tell you about what happened at the concert . it was really an amazing experience . 
first , i had to spend all of the day before the concert in the field where it was to take place . i had to prepare the stage a little but , as i was not a profesional , i did not do much with the instruments . i tried to play the drums but i was thrown off the stage by a member of the group who was in a bad mood . 
i made sandwiches for all the staff for a major part of the afternoon and then i sold tickets to the audience all evening . i was very tired but when the concert began i felt excited because there were so many people dancing and singing in front of the stage . 
as i was a volunteer i did not have to pay to watch the concert and after it i spent the rest of the night with the members of the group . that was the best . 
looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours , 
brenda
dear helen ryan
as you mentioned that i have won the competition - two weeks at camp california in the u . s . a . - here is the information that you require . 
i can travel only in july because during this month i am free to go anywhere . actually it is my summer holiday . 
apart from that i wouldn't mind at all whether i stay in tents or log cabins but if i have to choose between these two i'd prefer to stay in tents because they give me a nice feeling of relaxation . it is very unusual to stay in log cabins while you are camping . 
the activities that i'd like to do: first the first one would be basketball and to be honest i can play it very well because i used to be a basketball player in my high school . the second ; the second activity would be tennis . i am not an expert at this because i've played it only twice but i know how to hit the ball and basic stuff like that ; serving the ball , backhand and forehand to hit the ball . 
finally i have something to ask you about how many people can stay in one tent . do i have to bring swimming trunks if i want to swim at the camp ? how much money do i need and what else do i need to pay for ? 
this information should be enough for you but if you'd like to know more about anything please ask me and do not hesitate . 
i'm looking forward to it and i hope to see you this summer . 
yours sincerely , 
sometimes when you ask your friend , especially girls , " what would you like to do after the class or during the weekend ? " the typical answer would be 'i'm going to the shop because i like it , even window shopping would be fine' . however , for me shopping is not always enjoyable . why ? first of all , it wastes my time , especially when i can't find the thing i want . this is very frustrating . in addition , it's so tiring to walk around the place over and over to find the thing you want . apart from that , it's quite annoying when you have to compare or to survey the price in order to buy the cheapest one , if possible . once you've got everything on your shopping list , you also have to carry all the bags that you just bought , which are very heavy sometimes . 
however , shopping is not a bad thing if you plan carefully what to buy , where to go , how much money you will spend ? 
dear competition organiser ( helen ryan ) 
i'm happy to hear that i have won the first prize . here is the information you want from me . firstly , i can only go in july , because i'm on holiday at that time . i think i would prefer the accommodation at camp california is in tents , because it is more safe , and i wouldn't like to be in the log cabins . 
the activities are quite hard to choose really , because you have a lot of choice choices which i like . but i think i will choose basketball and photography , because basketball is the only sport i can play well . photography is a very interesting activity , and is not too hard to do either . 
here i have some questions which i would like to ask . what kind of clothes should will i need ? how much do i need for the camp ? 
finally , i hope the information i've given is useful for you , and hope you can answer my questions a . s . a . p . 
yours sincerely
shopping is not always enjoyable
shopping is very important for most people because you need to get the stuff you need or you want . for some people it may be a way to relax , after you have been to work or school . so it is a thing you will enjoy most of the time , but still have something you will not enjoy it . it depends on what is the place and the aim you are shopping . for example , some people always shop to get food or stuff they need in everyday life . they won't enjoy this kind of shopping , because it is not getting what they want . the place where you are shopping is also very important . for example , in hk all the areas have lots of people it won't let you feel good of the noise and times when you are shopping , because there are too many people it makes you want to stay home and you won't enjoy shopping . 
now i've written this composition , i think that you will enjoy shopping most of the time , but still find sometimes you won't . 
dear mrs . ryan , 
i am writing in reply to your letter congratulating me for winning the first prize in your competition and inviting me to camp california in the u . s . a . i was delighted to hear from you and am already looking forward to spending two weeks in california . 
i am afraid that the only possible time for me to travel is in july because it is the only month i am able to get time off work . regarding accommodation i would prefer sleeping in a tent because i enjoy the closeness to nature while camping a lot . 
the two activities that i would like to do at the camp are sailing , which i have never done before and tennis which i already play quite well . 
i need to know how much money you would advise me to bring and what sort of clothes i should take with me . 
i am looking forward to your reply at your earliest convenience and to getting to know you personally in july . 
yours sincerely , 
esther meyer
dear kim , 
thanks a lot for your long letter ! it was great to hear from you again after such a long time . you asked me what the pop concert was like which i told you i was going to go to in my last letter . well , let me tell you , it was just awesome ! 
it was my job to help to keep all the little kids out of the backstage area . therefore i got to stay backstage all the time and to see all the members of the " backstreet boys " . 
and , you won't believe it , i actually got to talk to nick carter ! 
yes , that was the best thing about the concert but i actually just enjoyed the whole experience of being part of the crew . i sort of felt like i had done my part to make the concert a success . do you know what i mean ? anyway , i've got to study now . we've got a maths exam tomorrow . 
hope to hear from you soon
lots of love , 
esther
helen ryan
competition organiser . 
dear madam , 
i have received the good news and i'm very happy because i have always wanted to go to california and now it's really happening , so , thank you very much for that . 
first of all , i would like to give you some further information about me and secondly , i'd like to ask you about some concerns that i have . 
about when i would like to travel , i think that my answer will be easy for you , because i have two months off , those are july and august , so my trip should be in between . regarding my accommodation i would like to stay in a tent because i remember my holidays in the south of peru , a long time ago ; it was wonderful . 
with regard to the activities at the camp , i would like to choose basketball and photography , because i think that basketball is a very good sport for training your muscles and i used to play in a league in my country . it's hard but at the same time lovely . the other choice has been made because i like very much to discover different places and with a camera it is possible to do that easily . 
if it is possible for you to help me clear up some doubts i have , i'll be really grateful . one doubt concerns how much additional money you believe will be enough to enjoy the holiday . another thing is if the meals are included or whether i have to pay for them . 
once again , thanks . 
waiting for your reply , best wishes . 
yours faithfully . 
daniel ortiz
dear kim , 
i have heard from you recently and i'm really happy , i hope you and your family are well . 
i know that my girlfriend told you that i was helping at a pop concert and enjoyed it very much . besides , she told me that you are very keen to know about my experience , so i'll give you some information in this letter that i'm sure you will be glad to have , even though you have not been to the concert . 
first of all , i'll tell you that on the day of the concert i woke up at 6:30 a . m . , very early for me . you know me , i'm lazy . the work began around 8:30 . it was very hard but then the band came to train to rehearse . since . from that moment i was enjoying enjoyed working until the concert had finished . the atmosphere was wonderful , the musicians were very kind to everyone who was working because they understood that putting on a concert is a job to be done by a team . during the concert i listened to the band like everybody else , besides i earned money , so it was a wonderful experience . 
looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely . 
dear mrs ryan , 
i am very happy to know that i have won the first prize in your competition . i am writing in order to give you all the details that you need from me . 
first of all , i would like to travel in july because i think california is better in summer . regarding accommodation , i would prefer to stay in a log cabin because cabins seem to be more comfortable than tents . according to your letter , i will be able to take part in two activities at the camp . let me tell you that i would like to sing and play tennis . as a matter of fact , i am very good at both of them . 
finally , i would like you to tell me if i will need some special clothes . if the answer is yes , could you tell me what kind of clothes i will need . one other thing , it would be useful to know if i will need to take with me some extra money . if the answer is yes , could you tell me how much money i will need to take with me . 
i look forward to receiving your reply . 
yours sincerely , 
denis jimenez
introduction
this report is to suggest which lessons and activities should be filmed in order to make the video about daily life at school . 
lessons and activities suggested
lessons attended in the language laboratory . 
special lessons attended in the library . 
students using the computer and video room
activities connected with the social programme , such as international evenings , sing-along parties and indoor games . 
ordinary lessons attended by students of different levels of ability . 
by filming . . . 
lessons and activities which take place in the language laboratory , in the library and in the computer and video room , we can also show the school's facilities and how students take advantage of them . 
ordinary lessons are a good way of showing the relationship between students and teachers . 
activities connected with the social programme , we can show how students make the most of their time at school when they are not attending their ordinary lessons or using the facilities . 
conclusion
i would recommend the lessons and activities mentioned above in order to make the video in question . 
dear helen ryan , 
thank you for your letter . i am very happy to have won your competition . in order to confirm my schedule for the trip i have won in your competition , i am writing some information to you below . 
i would like to go to " camp california " in july because i will have to produce " mission impossible iii " from august . i will be busy deciding everything about this film and will not have enough time to go there . 
i would prefer to stay in tents as accommodation because it sounds thrilling and even ecstatic for me , and also i have never tried this kind of accommodation before . 
i would like to choose swimming and tennis . to produce a film is very hard work . i must keep in good condition to make a masterpiece . swimming is really nice for relaxing and i can do exercise for a long time . on the other hand , tennis stimulates my body and soul . it is good for my inspiration . 
i don't have anything i would like to ask you . i look forward to going to go " camp california " . 
yours sincerely yours faithfully , 
hi ! kim . 
how have you been ? hope you haven't been working too hard ! 
by the way , do you want to hear about my experience of the pop concert ? ok ! here we go ! 
i enjoyed helping at a pop concert last month . there were a lot of people . i carried a lot of chairs and looked after the queue or people who lost their way . it sounds really bad but i enjoyed this pop concert to my heart's content . 
i like " x " . " x " is the musician who sang songs at the pop concert . my aim joining this concert as a member of staff was that i could see " x " . i know you like " x " as well . do you envy me ? the concert was enthusiastic and even made me ecstatic . his voice is also soulful and sometimes even gave us blissful feelings . sounds good , doesn't it ? 
hope we join the next pop concert together as staff and enjoy our time there ! 
bye
dear mrs ryan
i am very happy to know that i have won the first prize in your competition . now i can realize one of my dreams . 
i can give you all the information that you need . i prefer to travel in july because it is the only month i can have two weeks' holiday . 
for the accommodation i prefer to have a log cabin because i have some problems with my back and i need a bed to sleep in . i can do two activities during my stay at the camp . the first one i have chosen is swimming . i have a good level of proficiency in swimming and i did entered some competitions last year which i won . for the second activity i have chosen photography . i have taken a photography course over the last two years so i am able to take some beautiful pictures . 
one question , i just want to know what kind of clothes do i take with me ? and how much money do i need ? 
i thank you in advance . 
yours sincerely , 
dear kim , 
you want to hear about my experience of helping at a pop concert . you can't imagine how fun it was ! you could do so many things because you received a free pass which allowed you to go where you wanted and that was what i preferred liked about this experience . 
i really enjoyed serving the drinks to the pop-stars . you could speak to them and you could see that a lot were very cool and the other ones were still in the sky . and you heard the concerts too . 
after the concert i had to clean the area and it took a long time because people had been had behaved like pigs . but i was chatting and laughing with other workers . 
one more word ! if you have the chance to do it too , do it ! it was a very positive experience . i didn't regret it and i want to do it again ! 
write to me soon . 
love , 
13th june 2000
dear ms helen ryan
competition organiser
i have just received the letter , which lets me know that i have won the first prize . i am proud of winning it and would like to say how grateful i am . i am therefore writing to give you my further information . 
first of all , i am a student and would like to travel in july . this is because i intend to take an examination in september . so i can afford to go on holiday only in july . secondly , i would prefer to stay in log cabins rather than tents . it will be my first time experiencing staying there and i am interested in trying new things which i have not tried . 
the next consideration is the activities . actually , i used to play basketball for 6 years and am quite confident at it . and recently , i have been practising tennis as a school activity . therefore i would like to choose basketball and tennis . 
finally , i am wondering about what kind of clothes i should wear and how much i need . i would be most grateful if you could give me further advicable information . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely , 
dear kim , 
hello ! i hope everything around you is alright . you might not believe it but actually i helped at a pop concert last month and i really enjoyed it so much . so i'm now writing to let you know how great it was . all the work i needed to do wasn't very interesting . i must have set thousands of chairs correctly and after finishing i put them back nicely . the reason i enjoyed it very much is that i could meet the vocalist during setting chairs just before they started practising . i was asked if i wanted to sit down in front of the stage . naturally i agreed and i could enjoy their gig as a member of the audience . it was absolutely fantastic . i had ever never sat down there . additionally , you won't believe it , but the vocalist said " all the chairs you are sitting on were set out by him , " pointing at me ! ! actually i was a bit ashamed but it will be my brilliant memory . 
anyway it was so interesting a time that i didn't even feel tired after that . finally , i suggest you should try as i did if you have any opportunity . you are sure to like it . 
i'm looking forward to seeing you soon . can you send me a letter back writing what happened to you recently ? 
bye ! 
love , 
dear mrs . ryan , 
thank you for your letter . i was very surprised that i have won the first prize in your competition . first i would like to mention that i can only travel in july , because i will work in august in a web designer's studio . so i am unable to go on holiday at any other time . i would prefer to stay in a tent because i like camping very much . i think it's more exciting to be in a tent than in a log cabin . 
i was very surprised that you offer such a great variety of sports and courses . 
i would like to do basketball and painting . 
i played basketball at school for about two years . i am rather good at it . i also had painting as my main subject at school for five years . i like painting very much , and i think i am good at painting . i paint a lot in my free time . i prefer painting landscapes and fantasy pictures . 
i would like to ask you , how much money will we need ? what clothes should we take with us ? 
i hope to hear from you soon . 
yours sincerely
first i would like to point out that it was a good idea to present our school in a short film . 
i think first of all we should film an english lesson , where pupils could prepare some group work or information boards . i think it is also important to present a commercial business english lesson . maybe the pupils could write " offers and orders " or enquiries on the blackboard . 
next i would film a bwpm lesson . this subject teaches the pupils how to make good presentations . they get together in groups , then they prepare power-point presentations and finally they present it in front of the other pupils and teachers . 
it would be also very interesting to film the situation during the break . the smokers in the school yard , the buffet and the other pupils , who are sitting at their tables doing their homework . 
i think then we should film an information-technology lesson . it would be funny to show the computers , which are often overcharged , and often the netserver is spinning . it's really funny to see the helpless teacher , who wants to go on working in excel or word , while the computers do not work or break down . 
i think that would be all for our video . in my opinion these are the most interesting things in our school . 
dear helen ryan , 
i am writing to answer all the questions that you asked me in your last letter . 
first of all , i wanted to thank you for giving me the first prize in your competition . it is very important for me , because i have always wanted to travel to the u . s . a . 
i would be able to travel only in july because it is the only month when i don't have to go to school . 
i would prefer to stay in a tent because , as i have never slept in a tent , it would be a new experience for me . 
the two activities that i choose are: basketball and climbing . i am a very good basketball player because i have been playing basketball since i was six years old . on the other hand , i have never climbed a mountain but i always wanted to do it . 
i wondered what kind of clothes i should take to the camp and i wanted to know how much money i should take . 
i look forward to knowing the dates of the camp . 
yours sincerely , 
dear kim , 
thank you for your last letter . it was very interesting and i enjoyed reading it . 
as you know , i enjoyed helping at a pop concert last month . it was a very good experience and i am going to tell you all about it . 
first of all , i had to sell tickets for the concert in the street . as i sold all the tickets that the organisers gave me , i won a prize of ten pounds . don't ask me how the concert was ! because during the concert i was working in the kitchen of the stadium bar , preparing sandwiches . i am angry because i couldn't watch the artists performing their songs . 
when the concert was finished , some friends and i went for a drink . 
it was a very important experience for me because i learnt all about the organisation of a pop concert . 
looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours , 
at the beginning first of all i would like to thank you . now i am going to give you some further information : i would like to travel only in july because i am a student in high school and this is the most important year of my life . i am studying for the university entrance exams and i have to study until the end of june and then at the end of june i will have the university entrance exam and after that , in july , i am going to be alright . 
i would prefer a tent because i have never stayed in a tent before and i am wondering what it is going to be like . and from these activities i will choose basketball and swimming : basketball because i am very good at it , swimming because i like to swim very much but i'm not a very good swimmer . and finally i would like to ask you some questions . my first question is about clothes; what kind of clothes do we need to take with us ? and how much money do we need to take ? 
finally , what kind of weather is waiting for us ? 
thank you for everything . 
yours sincerely
osman
dear madam
i'm writing to you in reply to your letter . i was really surprised when i opened it . i look forward to going to the camp california in the usa . i would like to travel only in july because my family is going to visit me in august and i will have to look after them . i prefer staying in tents to staying in log cabins , because it reminds me of my childhood . i used to go with my friends to a camp , which was situated by the seaside . 
we always enjoyed ourselves . never had i had such a great time . from your list of activities i choose sailing and climbing . i'm keen on sailing , it is my favourite sport . i find it very attractive appealing . i have been sailing since my father bought a boat in 1980 , when i was only five years old . however , i have never taken part in any competitions connected with this sport . for me it is only a hobby . last year i took up climbing and i want to carry on learning this sport . 
i would like to ask what kinds of clothes i should take with me , and i wonder if prices are high there . 
yours faithfully
angelina
i used to like shopping , but recently i came across many disadvantages of this activity . most people think that if they have got money they will buy everything they want . it isn't true . nowadays we have many big shopping centres . we like them because everything is in one place . the most suitable time for shopping is the weekend when parents don't work and children haven't got school . because of that , shopping centres are overcrowded . you can't buy something in a peaceful and calm atmosphere . in addition , in this kind of shops prices are very high , of course not all of them . however such centres are very useful and necessary . in my opinion the worst thing which may happen is an extremely huge long queue for the changing room . it is really exhausting . afterwards you are all in . nevertheless sometimes shopping can be enjoyable . if you bought something gorgeous , you will be very happy . on balance i think that shopping should be a nice thing so if you are in a bad mood don't go shopping . 
june 13th , 2000
dear mrs . ryan , 
i am writing concerning the trip i have won in your competition . 
first of all i will try to answer your questions . 
for me it is only possible to go to the usa in july . the reason for this is that i have to work in august and from september to june i have to go to school . 
i would prefer a log cabin and i hope that then i will have enough room for all the things i will bring with me . 
the activities you offer are really interesting . i would like to take part in a painting course and i would like to get to know how to handle a camera . 
unfortunately , i do not have my own camera . 
in spite of this , i have got all the equipment i need for painting and i paint very well . 
could you please tell me if i will need some extra money for the two activities . 
secondly , i want to know if i should take any warm clothes with me . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely , 
13th june 2000
dear kim , 
it was nice to hear from you recently . 
i am writing to tell you about my work at the pop concert . 
i went there at 10 o'clock in the morning . then a young man told me what to do . first of all i had to carry all the bottles into the bar and later i helped some other people to get the instruments in the right position . it was really hard work . 
at one o'clock i had a break . at this point i promised myself that i would never do this awful job again . the food was delicious and fortunately i did not have to pay for it . 
in the afternoon i was sitting around , waiting for the pop groups . then at five o'clock my favourite band " tristania " arrived . 
i talked to them and to many other groups that arrived later . 
in the end i was happy that i had done this job . it was really a wonderful day . 
i think it would be a good idea if we two did this job together next year . 
give my regards to your family . 
best wishes , 
dear sir/ madam , 
today i received your letter . it is the most wonderful news i hear have heard in a long time . i am so pleased that i won this prize that i cannot explain how grateful i am . i wasn't expecting this prize because it is too good to be true . my family decide to visit my grandmother in orlando , because she got some problems with the swimming pool . she ask my parents to help her in a new swiming pool building . 
because of this situation i will be very busy in the first week of july , and i would appreciate it if you could give me the option to begin my " camp california " experience on july 10th . about the accommodation i would prefer to sleep in a tent , because i have never been in one , and it is a lot more fun than log cabins . 
because i have seen my father playing golf since i was a child i am very keen on this sport , and also i love photography because i have got a great camera . 
i am really looking forward to seeing you soon . 
when i was a child i never liked to go shopping because my mum spent so much time in the shops that i remember that going shopping with her was a nightmare . it is amazing how people change over the years for example now shopping for me is one of the most entertaining things , and every week i have to buy something . i enjoy fashion so much that my life has changed completely since i started to study fashion design and i discovered that fabrics , and colors , are really enjoyable . but these days shopping is not always enjoyable , because if you decide to buy a very expensive designer and you pay the full price , at the end of the season it is half price . i find it very unfair for people who pay a lot of money for their clothes . anyway , shopping is always satisfaction satisfying for rich people , because they can afford it and they don't mind to pay paying the full price for their clothes . 
dear ms ryan , 
i was enthusiastic about receiving your letter . i will give you all the necessary information . 
i would like to travel in july because during that period i will be free from work . my current post finishes at the end of june but i will start another job at the beginning of august . 
i would prefer to stay in a tent rather than in a log cabin , because it would be a new experience for me and i would like to try something different . 
as far as the activities are concerned , i have chosen to do tennis and swimming . i am good at playing tennis and i have been learning to swim for three months so it could be useful training for me . 
moreover i would like to know what kind of clothes are the best for living in the camp and if i need to bring with me a large amount of money . 
i want to thank you for this prize . let me know if you need further information . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely , 
bianca botticelli
dear kim , 
in your last letter you asked me about the concert . . . oh it was fantastic ! i've always loved music so working at a concert was great . 
you can't imagine how many people are involved in the organization of a concert . apart from the musicians and the singers , there are people who work with lights , who organize the security . . . it was so exciting ! my work consisted in checking the tickets , the number on them and taking people to their seats . 
it was also very tiring because all the people arrived at the same time and they didn't want to wait for my help; so they went around the theatre , looking for their seats and making so much noise . 
sometimes i think that people never grow up . if they had been a class of children , they would have made less noise ! ! 
anyway , it was a great experience in spite of these little problems . 
now i have to go . write soon and let me know what you have been doing . 
lots of love
bianca
xxx
dear mrs ryan , 
thank you for your letter . i am very pleased to see that i have won the first prize in your competition . i am going to answer your questions . 
firstly , i would like to travel in july because i have some holidays during that month . i am working the rest of this summer . 
for the accommodation , i would prefer to stay in a log cabin because i think it is probably more comfortable . i think we are going to be tired so i prefer to sleep comfortably . 
you also asked me about two activities . i choose singing because i love singing and i have been in a choir for 7 years now . i also choose climbing . unfortunately i am not so good at it . but i would take the opportunity to improve . 
in addition , i have some questions . i would like to know what sort of clothes we have to take with us and also how much money is necessary . 
i look forward to hearing from you in the near future . 
yours sincerely
shopping is not always enjoyable
our life today is getting even more about consumption increasingly about consumption . you always find more shops and they are open even later . you can't live without shopping but shopping is not always enjoyable . 
firstly , if you try to do your shopping during the rush hour , it could be very difficult . everybody is stressed . you have to join the queue . it is not pleasant at all . 
in addition , everything is now so expensive that you have to compare the prices . you have to find which shop offers you good quality products for a good price . sometimes some goods are expensive but of a very bad quality . and it is not an easy task if you have to complain about the quality . most of the time the shop assistant doesn't believe you . 
in conclusion , i can say that shopping is not the most enjoyable task you could find . of course you also have some good aspects but most of the time it is very unpleasant . you could try to do your shopping via the internet . perhaps you will find it less inconvenient . 
dear ms ryan
i am really astonished that i won this competition ! it is great and i want to say thank you for the two weeks at camp california . i have never been to california before . 
now i will give you some further information: i have to travel in july because i have to make sure that i can have a holiday this year and it is my only possibility option ! i am sure you can understand this . 
i decided that my accommodation at camp california should be in a tent , because there you will have lots of fun . you can feel the fresh air and listen to the animals . this will be a great opportunity ! 
i am pleased to choose two activities , because now i will be able to learn singing and surfing ! i am not good at both activities not good at either activity , but it will be a pleasure to try them , especially surfing . i would like to feel the wind in my hair , and enjoy how quickly the board goes over the sea . 
i have another question ; the life there , is it as expensive as i think ? and the weather ? are there only sunshiny days ? 
on the other hand it is not as important , the main reason is i really look forward to going to this camp and , one more time , thanks a lot ! 
yours sincerely
l . schwartz
shopping is not always enjoyable
we have recently had a discussion in our class about this statement . we have had a great deal of arguing . certainly it is great to buy new clothes and have a great variety at home to wear , but mostly you will have always not enough never have enough . 
when i decide to go shopping , first i will make sure that i have enough time . i am not a typical woman because i hate shopping ! i am lucky if i find something which fits . 
the main reason i hate it is that there are too many people who are always standing in my way ( or maybe i think in that way ) and i begin to get angry . normally i am looking those people with evil eyes ! 
i mean , it is too crowded , you have to wait such a long time before you can pay , and most of the things are too expensive ! even before you find a color you like or the right size of trousers , you have been looking for it a long time , then it's gone ! 
lastly , you can see , my opinion about shopping is not very good , because i think shopping is never enjoyable ! 
dear helen:
i've received your letter and i am pleased to have won because i needed some days to relax and to leave the city , which is very stressful . 
i only can travel in july can travel in july only because i am working in an office and i must ask my boss for a holiday and it's the month he can give me one , so i hope that isn't a problem for you . 
i would prefer to spend the two weeks in a tent , that's , in my opinion , a way to be nearer the environment and the animals , although i don't mind staying in log cabins . 
in spite of liking all the sports you wrote about in your letter , i am only good at climbing and sailing , because i used to do them with my father when i was a child . 
i have got a doubt , it is not very important , but i would like to know if i need any money or if everything is paid for , the kind of clothes i should wear , if the weather is good or bad . . . and all the extra information you can send me . 
thank you very much for the prize . 
yours faithfully . 
eliza vasquez . 
why do people like to go shopping so much ? 
in my opinion the majority of people who go shopping are women who must buy food and other kinds of things for their families , so , for them , shopping is a very boring activity that is repeated every day and that drives them crazy when they have to choose the best product and the cheapest price to save some money . 
otherwise on the other hand , there are people who think the opposite , such as: children , teenagers , men; but not always , because they go shopping hardly ever hardly ever go shopping - only when they need clothes , or something for their job or school . in that way shopping can be as much fun as you want , although if you do it very often , it will be as an obligation in the future . 
to sum up , everything you do in small quantities is good and fun , but don't increase the amount you do if you don't want to feel uncomfortable . 
dear mrs ryan , 
i am writing in reply to your letter asking for further information from me . 
first of all , i would like to travel in july because this is the beginning of my holidays , and i would not like to miss some of my school classes . besides , i would prefer to stay in a tent , because i got used to being in tents since every summer i spend my holidays i spend my holidays every summer with my friends in the hills . 
in addition , i would prefer playing tennis . when i was younger i won the national tennis championship . i also like surfing . i think it is a dangerous sport , but i know how to practise do it , because of the fact that last year a professional surfer taught me . 
however , i would like to know what kind of clothes i should take and if it is possible for you to tell me how much money i will need . 
i would appreciate it if you could send me a reply at your earliest convenience . 
yours sincerely , 
from my point of view , shopping is not always enjoyable , because sometimes when you are looking for a special item you never find it . besides , i do not like to waste my time just looking at a wide variety of products , that makes you feel confused , and you don't know which item fits you , instead of being with my friends or doing something else . 
i think that when you want to buy something you have to be sure of what you really need , if not the shop assistant has the ability to persuade you to buy something you do not want . especially in the shops that sell fashionable clothes . although it is wonderful to buy new things , there are times when it really becomes tiring . 
to summarize , i would say that if you want to buy something , first make sure what sort of product you need and then go shopping . if you don't shopping will never be enjoyable , but only tiring and boring . 
dear helen ryan , i'm so glad to hear i have won first prize in your competition - two weeks at camp california in the u . s . a . thank you for asking me for some details . i'd like to travel in july . because i am a university student , i have got classes until the middle of june and i have to attend a ' research and development conference' at the end of june . otherwise i have to work at a business department office as an assistant from the beginning of august . so i will be able to travel in july . accommodation is very important for me as well . i would prefer staying in log cabins . i've got some skin trouble and i can't sleep very well in tents . i have ever slept in tents when i went camping . that time i had to sleep in a tent . the whole night , i felt backache and shoulder ache so i couldn't sleep very well . and i've never stayed in log cabins . it sounds wonderful ! could i have the chance to do two activities while i am at the camp ? i'd very much like to do painting and swimming . i am quite good at painting . i especially love watercolours . i really want to paint the countryside of california . it will be a fantastic experience for me . actually i can't swim at all . i'm afraid of water . that is why i can't swim yet . i think this chance is a very good is a very good chance for me to learn to swim . i expect to join the above two activities . i want to know how much money i need . you pay for all costs . but i think i'll need some money for clubbing or evening events . and please let me know how the weather is . i'm going to buy some clothes , shoes and a hat . so i must know if it is cold or hot . i'm looking forward to hearing from you as soon as possible yours sincerely
shopping is not always enjoyable . 
whenever i walk in the street , i always want to go into every shop . i always want to buy t-shirts , jeans , skirts , cosmetics , haribands , accessories , rings , earrings , bracelets , shoes , hats , bags , fancy stationery , interior stuff and cds . but it is impossible to buy everything at the same time . i have to choose some of them and i have to give up buying most of them . before i go out , i make a plan . i decide what it is i want to buy and i decide to buy some items . 
but when i stand outside every shop , i can't resist my desire . if i have got enough money to buy something that i want to buy , i can buy them and it will be no problem . however , if i haven't got enough money , i will not be able to buy what i want and it will be a very big problem . i feel depressed . shopping is not enjoyable any more . i'll think about why i'm so poor . but i can get over it . i go window shopping . instead of buying something , i buy some fresh food and ice-cream . they make me happy and rich . i can try all the shoes , clothes , hats , accessories and jackets on . they are mine ! 
shopping is not always enjoyable . 
but if you think positive about shopping , it will make you the happiest and the richest man in the world . 
13 june 2000
dear mr. ryan , 
i am very pleased to be the winner in your competition . i almost could not believe it when i received the letter you sent . i have never won a prize like this . thank you very much indeed ! 
i am working as a mechanical engineer for a well-known car company and i would like to travel in july because this the only month i can use my annual leave . 
during this exciting holiday i would prefer staying in a log cabin . the reason for this is that i have difficulty sleeping in tents . 
when i was at the university university i was very keen on basketball and i played for the university's university team . in 1998 we were the champion of the first national league . also i am quite a good swimmer . i think that is because of my long legs . so i would love to take part in basketball and swimming activities while i am at the camp . 
there is something i need to ask you . 
i don't know exactly what california's weather is like . what kind of clothes do i need to bring with me ? also , what is the currency in california and how much money do i need to take with me ? 
i am looking forward to your reply ! 
yours sincerely 
shopping is not always enjoyable . 
nowadays our shopping habits seem to have changed . i can clearly remember my childhood and our only local shop . yes ! there was only one shop in the area where i used to live until we moved to oxford . i was really astonished by all these shopping centres , like asda , homebase , etc . 
one day i decided to go to the shopping centre which is only 40 metres from our house . firstly , i could not find the entrance . i'd walked around for about 15 minutes until i found the door . i realized that i'd walked so many times in front of the entrance but the door had looked like a window . when i entered the shop i was a bit angry . 
i was holding a piece of paper which my mum gave to me . all the things i had to buy were written on it . but no way ! 
i started looking for the food products listed on the piece of paper but i found only the eggs , milk and bread . nothing else . so what was all that about ? ! i wasted 2 hours buying food which you can find in every local shop . 
later somebody told me that i had to look at the labels on the top . 
dear ms ryan
thank you for your letter . i was so happy to hear that i have won a two-week holiday in the u . s . a . 
i would like to travel in july . i am going to finish my exams in june , and i am planning to go back to china in early august . so if i could travel in july , and come back before the 6th of august , that would be great . 
i would prefer staying in tents to log cabins . i have never had any experience of to stay staying in a tent , so i would like to give it a go . i think i will enjoy myself in a tent . 
i love swimming , but i am not any good at swimming . i really want to learn how to swim . i was wondering if there is a coach who could give me a lesson at the camp . also , i would like to join the basketball team . i used to play basketball when i was in high school , and our high school basketball team has won many competitions during the last ten years in our city . i am glad i have taken part in a few competitions , and i was so proud of our basketball team . 
would you tell me how much money you will give to me and what the weather is like in the u . s . a . thank you for everything ! 
yours sincerely 
dear kim , 
it was great to hear from you , haven't seen you since last summer holiday , hope everything is fine at your place . 
you wanted to hear about my experience at the pop concert which i enjoyed helping at last month ? i must say that was great fun . i'd never had this kind of experience before . before the concert actually started i had to give out lots of leaflets . they were lists of pop bands and groups which would appear in the concert in order , and some information about their performance and backgrounds . after that , i had to help people who had a ticket but couldn't find their seat . during the concert , i didn't have a lot to do , so i had a chance to see most of the performance . that was excellent . i was excited that i had a closer look at so many famous pop stars . during the break time i did give a lot of directions to people who couldn't find the toilet , and gave people information such as where they could have a cup of coffee . that was a bit boring , but it was part of my job . 
i have got to go . write to you next time . 
love
dear sir &amp; madam
thank you for your letter . i'm writing this letter to tell you some further information that you need . 
first of all , i'd like to travel in july because i have to work every month except that month . july is the only month that i can be free . 
i prefer staying in tents because it is an unusual experience for me . also i'd like to have the chance to play tennis and try sailing at the camp . talking about tennis , i used to play it for about five years when i was a child . i think i'm much better than a beginner . but i never had a chance to enjoy sailing . i'd like to try this time . 
now , i have two questions about camping . first , what clothes should i bring ? is it hot enough ? i've never been to california , therefore please let me know about the weather there . second , how much money do i need ? i haven't a clue about it . i'd like to know some examples . 
i'm waiting for your reply . 
yours sincerely
dear kim
it was so nice to hear from you last time . thank you very much . 
as i mentioned before , i really enjoyed helping at a pop concert last month . the artist's name was " bonny pink " , who is famous in my country . i could enjoy her music very much . 
my job was looking after her when she had a break time . i guided her to a rest room and served her a cup of tea , and so on . i thought it was a most exciting job . actually , i could have a chance to ask her about music , her favourite artist and her hobby . i was impressed when i heard that she liked doing puzzles alone . she seemed to be a very active woman when she was singing but at the same time she had a very gentle attitude when she spoke to me . i became a fan of her . 
it was a very interesting experience for me . i wish you had been there . but don't worry kim , i'll send you a copy of her cd for you . i hope you can enjoy it . 
anyway it's time to go to bed . take care of yourself , kim . i'm waiting for your letter . 
love
dear ms ryan , 
thank you for your letter . i am very happy to hear that i have won the first prize . i am writing to inform you about my requests . i also have some questions . 
first , i was wondering if i could travel in july . i am working at a language school . due to a shortage of teachers in summer i can take holiday only in july . second , i would like to sleep in a tent because i have never slept in a tent and i have wanted to sleep there . third , i have chosen 'tennis' and 'photography' as my activities at the camp . i have been playing tennis for over ten years . in addition , i have been teaching children to play tennis for three years . i took up taking photos four years ago . since then i have entered ten competitions and won the first prize three times . 
finally , could you please let me know what kind of clothes i should take with me ? i would also like to know how much money i should take with me . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you and travelling to the u . s . a . 
yours sincerely , 
chi kimura
dear kim , 
last month i helped at a pop concert . the name of the band was 'dream comes true' . this band is very famous not only in japan but also in the usa . i am still excited while i am writing to you about my experience . 
first , i helped to prepare the stage before the band arrived . the musical instruments were transported from the lorries ( three big lorries ! ) into the concert hall and i helped to put them in the right position on the stage . they were very heavy and i had to carry them with care because they were very important to the band . after that i helped to test lights and microphones . i almost fainted when the band arrived and entered the stage . i am a fan of this band and i have never seen them in the flesh . 
the most exciting thing about my experience was that the band spoke to me after the concert . the band was very satisfied with the stage and appreciated our work . i was so excited and happy that i can't remember what i talked with the band about . 
i want to help at a pop concert again ! 
i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
best wishes , 
dear ms helen ryan , 
thanks a lot for your brief and nice letter . i am very pleased to give you the information required:
firstly , the most suitable month would be july because i am very busy with my work now , and my children are on holiday then . 
secondly , i prefer to stay in log cabins , because they are more comfortable . i confess that i have never been in a tent and i have never had any intention of doing it . 
the activities are really interesting and i would take part in painting and climbing . i am not very good at painting , but i choose it because it is a good opportunity to practise do it . personally , climbing is an interesting activity , where you need concentration and you are working with your whole body . i don't want to disappoint you , but i am beginner ! i choose these activities because i love challenges . 
i would appreciate it if you could give me a couple of ideas about the clothes i will need there . thanks in advance . 
yours sincerely , 
g . ramos
wuthering heights - emily bront
not only are bad characters in a story more interesting than good ones , but also they hold your attention . 
in this book , heathcliff as a child wasn't a bad character , but the situations he lived through with the earnshaw family , where he grew up , made him rude , aggressive and noisy . 
heathcliff used to play with catherine . they were good friends but heanly , catherine's brother , hated heathcliff . heanley couldn't accept the good relationship and love between catherine and heathcliff and , for that reason , he sent heathcliff to work on the farm . in the meantime catherine met edgar linton and in the end she married edgar because of he money and good education . 
heathcliff promised to avenge himself and dedicated his whole life to taking his revenge . before heathcliff died he reached achieved what he wanted . the houses and money of the earnshaw and linton families all belonged to him , and he was buried near to catherine , his great and only love ! 
geneva , 13th june 2000
dear mrs ryan
thank you very much for your kind letter . i was very surprised at the result of the competition . now i am happy to give you all the information you need . 
i think it would be better for me to travel in july . i will start an italian course in august , so it will be impossible for me to leave then . 
in your letter you ask me to choose between tents or log cabins . well i prefer to stay in a log cabin . it is more comfortable and i am afraid of wild animals . i saw you offer a lot of activities . that's fantastic ! it is very difficult to decide which two of these activities i like most and i can also do best . i think i will choose singing because i have sung for five years in a church choir and i do it very well . the other activity i like very much is swimming . i have taken part in a lot of competitions . 
now i would like to ask you if we need some money and if it is necessary to take with me special clothes . i hope i have given to you all the information you need and i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely
b . mller
geneva , 13th june 2000
dear kim
i am happy to tell you about the experience i had at the pop concert last month . 
i had to start very early in the morning , at 7 . 30 . first we had to prepare the stands with food and drink and buy something which had been forgotten . then we had to turn on the night lights and decorate the whole room . 
in the afternoon the singers came in and i also could have an interview with ricky martin . i was very excited ! he is very beautiful ! at the end of the interview he invited me to have dinner with him after the concert . i naturally accepted . i particularly liked the interview . before the concert started , we had to check all the musical instruments . the microphones all had to be checked . fortunately we had no problem . the concert was a success . i was very proud of myself and the work i had done . after the concert i left with ricky martin . we went to a nice restaurant and enjoyed dinner together . 
i am sure , my dear kim , i will never forget that wonderful experience . 
now i hope you will answer soon and tell me a bit about your adventure or experience you had in last time . 
lots of kisses
your friend bm
dear miss ryan , 
i am writing in reply to your letter informing me that i have won a prize in your competition which is two weeks at camp california in the u . s . a . 
i am really pleased to hear that the prize includes accommodation . i would like to stay in a tent , because i have been camping nearly every summer since my childhood and i really love it . 
i would be really happy if i could choose singing and photography from activities you have listed . singing has been my only hobby since i was 5 . i could say that i am quite good at it . also , i used to assist my brother , who is a professional photographer , so i consider myself experienced fairly fairly experienced . 
i would like to ask you whether going there in july is possible . i am afraid that july is the only possible month , because i am due to start work in august . 
finally , i would like to ask you for further information about the spending allowance and the clothes which i should take . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely , 
dear kim , 
i'm sorry i haven't written for so long but i've been quite busy just recently . 
last month , i helped out at a pop concert , which i really enjoyed . the singer who performed wasn't one of my favourites , but having the opportunity to experience being a member of staff there was just amazing . i was just behind the stage . i was supposed to help my friend with the lights , so i could see all the screaming like mad crowd crowd screaming like mad . i even saw crying girls who were trying to reach the pop singer . 
do you know what kim , i've never thought before that enjoying yourself like this could be weirdly . i think you never realize this until you're not a part of the crowd . but i'm really happy that i had even a small role in helping people enjoy themselves . i mean , all those flashing lights , with their changing colours , i believe they helped a lot . even though i was just telling my friend what the next composition of colours was , i consider myself to have been very successful . 
and finally , the greatest news : i was introduced to the singer by my friend , who works for him . this was maybe the best part of being there . he was so nice and he even gave me his picture with his signature on it . i suppose i will never forget that night . 
that's about all my news , i'm looking forward to hearing from you . 
lots of love , 
thank you very much for this opportunity . i'd like to travel only in july , because , for the rest of the year , i'm working in a bank . the second reason is the weather . i love travelling when the weather is warm . regarding the accommodation , i'd prefer to stay in a log cabin , because for me and my family it is more comfortable it is more comfortable for me and my family . i have a baby and three dogs , so it should be better in a log cabin . 
i'd like spend all of my time in a swimming pool because i love swimming . i also like surfing , because i love the wind in my hair and the fresh on my body . 
i have only one question about the baby's accommodation . may i have a babysitter ? i'd like to have more free time for myself and my health . 
i've never been there , so it will be a pleasure for me . 
let me say again thank you thank you again . 
i'm looking forward to meeting you
best regards
irene venerio
dear kim , 
how are you ? i'm fine . i'm sorry i didn't write to you before , but i was so busy with my exams . 
first of all , i want to tell you what happened last month . do you remember which is my favourite group ? so , you won't believe me , but i enjoyed helping at an oasis concert . it was a great and wonderful experience . the group needed to find a good microphone for the concert , because the singer lost his microphone last concert . me and my friend were there to hear the sound-check , and when i understood what was happening on the stage , i decided to help them . of course you know i'm a singer , so i came back quickly to my home , i picked up my microphone , and i handed it to the singer . 
the concert was absolutely fantastic . i was so glad , because at the end of the show the singer kissed me and dedicated a lovely song to me . can you imagine ? ok , write to me soon , huge hug and kisses
yours irene
14th june 2000
dear miss ryan , 
i am really pleased to be the winner of your competition and i cannot help thinking about the two weeks in the usa . 
first of all , i would like to travel only in june , given that my wife will come with me ; her holidays are only in june . 
concerning accommodation at camp california , would it be possible to stay in a log cabin ? my wife is afraid of sleeping in tents . 
i practise play basketball in a famous french club ; that is the reason why i would like to choose the basketball . if i had to choose another activity , i think i would do photography . in fact , this activity seems to be very interesting . unfortunately , i have never practised tried but i feel like trying it . 
finally , i would like to ask you whether we have to bring any money . life is so expensive there ! furthermore , what sort of clothes must we have for the different activities ? 
i hope my answers will satisfy you . i thank you again . 
yours sincerely
tom turner
after having thought about this video and asked various people so as to know what they suggested , i reached the following conclusions: we must film the lessons which are the most important and the activities which take up a great part of a day at school; this being in three parts . 
the morning
that is why i propose to start our film with the beginning of the day , when all the students come into the classroom . then , we should film the english class so as to show who made the film . furthermore , as mathematics is the main lesson in the morning , we ought to film at a time when we are in the maths class . 
the lunch
after that we could go to lunch , which takes two hours per day . the best thing to do would be to show the cooking personnel because they are very nice . 
the afternoon
we could begin the afternoon with sport , showing the different places with their surroundings ( near the wild ) : it would give a good impression . i advise finishing with a lesson of chemistry chemistry lesson so that people see the laboratory . before that , i would have shown the break at 3 o'clock , which is important for us . 
dear miss ryan , 
i am writing to give you the further information about myself . i was very glad to hear that i had won the competition . 
first of all , i can only travel in july . i have a summer holiday from the end of june to the beginning of september as i am a student , but i am planning to work in august in a part-time job . so that's the reason why i cannot travel in august . i prefer to stay in tents rather than log cabins because i have been camping once and i stayed in tents . it was great to have fun and also it was very good memories . as you said i will have the opportunity to do two activities . i am quite good at singing and i have a talent for singing that means i can entertain people by singing . in addition i am keen on swimming but actually i am not very good at swimming because i have just started to learn to swim but i have really been enjoying it and i think it will be a good chance to improve my swimming . 
in fact , i have some questions about how much money i will need , what else i have to bring with me and if i have a emergency what you can do for . 
once again , i am very happy to have such a good opportunity and i hope this letter tells you what you want to know about me . thank you for your attention . 
yours sincerely
lee . han
these days , there are so many people who like shopping that it is one of the important parts of our life . it is not , however , always enjoyable and there are both advantages and disadvantages . 
first of all , there are quite a lot of advantages to shopping , which are that it can be the solution to our stress and boredom . when you are under stress or when you are bored , if you go shopping , then at least it can be a motive to change your mood . also shopping makes people happier by costing a lot of money and it influence even even influences the economic situation more flexibly . 
there are , in contrast , disadvantages at the same time . when we are shopping , we often find that the place where people often go for shopping is too crowded and it makes us more tired . also there are plenty of dangers since lots of people have their wallet stolen because it is a public place and there are too many people . in addition , shop owners often cheat their customers by increasing the cost secretly . the customer can never know what price is the normal one unless they have the same shop or the same thing . 
to sum up , shopping is a very important part of our life and we can have a lot of fun , however it is not always enjoyable which means we cannot find only advantages to it . 
tuesdy 13th , june , 2000
dear ms ryan , 
i am writing in response to your letter about the first prize in the competition . 
i am really looking forward to going to california and i would like to go in july , because i am going to have my summer holidays in that month . 
about accommodation , i would prefer a log cabin , because i have a problem with my back . therefore , i need to sleep in a bed . also tents are not very comfortable . 
as far as camp activities are concerned , i have been doing windsurfing for 5 years and , for that reason , i am fairly interested in sailing . on the other hand , i am keen on painting , however , i have never painted in my life , so i would like to try it . 
finally , i was wondering what kind of clothes i have to wear in california ? in addition , could you advise me how much money i need for the trip ? and is there anything else i have to know ? 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely
13/06/00
hello kim , 
i received your letter two days ago and i'm quite happy to know that you passed f . c . e . i'm ok and let me tell you about my recent experience . 
i went to madrid last week and i was walking in the street when somebody asked me for an address . i looked at him and i realised that this person was david bowie . yes ! ! ! i couldn't believe it . 
he was trying to speak in spanish , but his accent was terrible . so , i started to speak in english with him . i explained to him where the street was that he was looking for and we carried on with the conversation for a while . 
i thought he was very rude , but i was wrong , he isn't arrogant at all and he looks very simply . 
i liked my experience with him and i think the best part was when he gave me his e-mail address . yeah ! ! ! i'm not joking , i got his e-mail . 
well my friend , i have to go , because i have got an appointment with the dentist . write to me soon and take care . 
best wishes
dear madam ! 
i'm really pleased i won your competition ! 
i'll give you the necessary information about me . 
the most suitable time for me is july because in august i intend to go to the countryside , where i have a small farm . in september my school starts a new study year . so , because of that i can only then . 
i'd like to stay in the log cabins , because i don't like wet places like tents after rain . 
you offer me a lot of activities . i play basketball and tennis very well . i want to try surfing and climbing because i've never done it . 
i've also got two questions . how much money do i need to stay at camp california and what kind of clothes should i take with me ? 
please let me know ! 
regards ! 
dear kim ! 
thank you for your letter , which arrived this morning . i'm glad you're doing well . 
you'd like to know how the top-pop concert was , which i helped to organise last month . it was absolutely great ! i was responsible for the security of one of the sectors . i gave information about correct ways to other places like toilets and medical points . i was also asked about the timetable of the concert and i looked for drugs , knives and so on in bags . although i worked i watched the concert . it was great fun ! people danced , screamed and sang with the singer . i looked very carefully at the organisation of the event , you know i'm interesting interested in it . 
ok . i'd better stop now because i'm going to go to the library . 
i look forward to hearing some news from you ! 
take care ! 
dear miss helen ryan
i was so surprise surprised to hear from you . i couldn't believe that i had won the first prize in the competition . i'm so happy because it is the first time that i have won something . 
here is all your information . i would like it if i could have my vacation in july because it is the only time of the year that my employer will let me have a vacation . as for the accommodation i would prefer the tent because it will be the first time that i've been camping and i would like to see how the real life is . i was so thrilled when i saw that i could do some activities as well . i would like to choose swimming and climbing . i'm a very good swimmer but i don't know anything about climbing . that's why i chose it because i want to try something new . finally i would like to ask you about my clothes and what the weather is going to be like and what kind of clothes i must take with me . that is all . 
thank you for making my dream come true . 
yours sincerely
everyone has likes and dislikes . but no one does what he likes all the time . there are times when you have to do something even if you don't like it , and times when you are doing what you like but not at the time you would like to . what i'm trying to say is that i like to shop but i can't do that all the time . first because i'm not so rich and second because i don't enjoy shopping all the time . nothing in life is always enjoyable , not even the things we enjoy doing , and that's how life is . you say you enjoy shopping . i understand but life goes on . you can't do the same things every day . live your life and try to do different things and you will see that doing different things is exciting and more fun . you don't have to be bored with the same old things . 
because as i said doing what you like is good only if you do it when you like and how you like and remember if you have a long time to do something you enjoy it more . 
dears mr. ryan , 
i was really grateful when i received your letter which informed me that i have won first prize in your competition . 
i would like to make this trip the first week or the last week of july because my school finishes at the end of june and i will have a month's break and after that . i have to do a computing course which i have already applied for . could you possibly tell me , at camp california will i stay in tents or log cabins ? personally i prefer to stay in log cabins because they are much more comfortable than tents . 
i really enjoy swimming and playing tennis . unfortunately i am not good at either of them . maybe i will have time to do enough practice , as much as i always wanted to do . 
could you tell me what sort of clothes i would need to bring with me and will i need any extra money for this holiday ? 
i look forward to hearing from you soon ! 
yours sincerely , 
dear kim , 
i don't know where to start but i can say it was the best time i have ever had . 
as i mentioned to you before , a friend of mine is a stage assistant and she needed help with that pop concert last month . 
i told her if she needed help , i would be happy to help her . next day , when i went there , i met lots of people who were very famous and very friendly . it took us almost a month to prepare for this concert . 
you wouldn't believe how hard it was . the stage was covered with all sorts of light and we made it look like a waterfall . 
the waterfall was made from real rock so that was the worst bit because it was really heavy and we had to carry it , but at the end of the month when the concert started , it was all over . 
i sang and danced all day . i have lots of memories which i could never forget . 
i wish you were there . 
i wish you shared my happiness with me . 
lots of love , 
13 june 2000
dear helen ryan , 
with regard to your letter , i am writing to inform give you the information you need to know regarding my stay of two weeks at camp california in the u . s . a . 
i am very excited and looking forward to the new experience i am going to have . first of all i must tell you that i only have free time in july - on any day , any week - because i am still having my lessons at college and they will be finished at the end of june , and also in august i have a training course for my studies . i would prefer to stay in tents because i love the atmosphere of camping , but i wouldn't mind staying in log cabins . for the two activities i can choose , i would like to do swimming and basketball . i have always found these kinds of activity make me feel strong and i enjoy doing them . i first started playing basketball and swimming when i was aged 9 , and i have been doing both up till now . i also to be was also in a basketball team in school for 3 years . 
one thing i would like to know is how many clothes i have to take with me and what kind of clothes they are . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely , 
vanida montri
report on daily life at school
introduction
the aim of this report is describe to describe and assess which lessons and activities should be filmed for a short video . it is based on information made available by students from each class at school . 
lessons
most students who were interviewed suggested having a speaking part in the lesson that is to be on film . it seemed to be the most interesting lesson , because students always make some mistakes while they are practising with their partner , in spite of having been told by the teacher ten times . it was felt to be a good memory to be reminded and to remind our selves ourselves us to speak in a correct way . this lesson will help us to be relaxed and have a laugh . we also would like to have a history one . 
activities
going out to visit the historical town every weekend seems to be the most enjoyable activity for students . spending time together out of the class is a nice experience . playing a sport after class is also fun . 
conclusion
lessons the lessons and activities which most students suggested are very interesting and they are do not seem to be boring for the students . 
dear helen , 
i learnt from your letter that i've won the first prize . i felt how lucky i was . i understand you want to know when i am available to set off and where i'd like to stay . 
first of all i will be able to go to the u . s . a only in july because of my university . i am studying economics and i am very busy nowadays . my exams will have finished at the end of june . i will only be able to set off in july and also i will give my thesis to my teacher in august . this holiday will help me to think about it and prepare it . i'd prefer to stay in a log cabin because i need a proper place to stay and study in . basically , i don't like staying in a small tent . when i get to the camp , i'd like to swim and climb . i used to climb mountains and am good at climbing . i am fond of swimming but unfortunately i am not a good swimmer . 
i'd like to ask some questions which i want to know . is there a toilet and shower in the log cabins or somewhere nearby ? do i have to bring any special clothes ? do you have any idea what the weather is going to be like ? how much money do you recommend me to bring with me ? is the camp close to a town or city ? will you provide me with an instructor when i climb and swim ? 
i look forward to hearing from you soon . 
yours sincerely , 
dear kim , 
i haven't written to you for ages . i do apologise for this . how are you ? how is your new school and your parents ? i hope we can catch up with each other's news . 
last month i helped the service crew at a pop concert . it was unbelievable , and tiring as well . i saw all the pop bands and singers . i heard them talking backstage . they signed my diary and had their photo taken with me . being a security guard was the hardest task . carrying big speakers from place to place was extremely tiring but we had loads of laughs . believe it or not , i put make-up on one famous singer's face . i was just walking down by the dressing room and the manager asked if i could help them . i couldn't believe my ears . i was in her room helping her . i especially liked that time . i advise you to do something like that . i'm going to help them again . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely , 
dear sir/madam
i am so pleased to know that i have won such an amazing prize in your competition . i would like to answer the questions you ask have asked me . 
firstly , i should say that i would like to travel in july because that is the month which i could most likely have off from work to go on holiday . 
secondly , i would prefer to stay in a log cabin rather than a tent . that is because , i do not want to seem fussy , but i like to have some commodities luxuries when i am going on holiday and i think sleeping on the floor without electricity may annoy me . 
finally , i would like to choose swimming as my activity in the camp . i love swimming and also i should say that i am very good at this sport because i have been doing it for a long time . conversely , painting is an activity which i have never tried before , so i have not any skill in drawing but i would like to start doing that now when i have the chance . so that is my second choice . 
on the other hand , i would like to know some information which could be useful on my holiday like: what type of clothes would be more suitable for me in the camp ? could i need some extra money ? do i need to bring anything else ? if so , please let me know as soon as possible . 
looking forward to getting your reply
yours sincerely
dear friend . 
i am writing to tell you about my experience at the pop concert last month , where i was helping my friend nick , who was the bouncer at the venue . 
it was a pop concert with lots of famous singers like madona , julio iglesias , and people like them
it was a charity concert to raise money for poor people in africa . 
my job was to accommodate to the people of the main sit of the theatre . of course those places were reserved just for people well-known well-known people who wanted to help by joining attending the concert . 
so i had to ask them for their identification and for their invitations . after that , i had to take them to their respective seat seats . 
at first , i was a bit scared , i mean , i was afraid of not being good enough to do well as an assistant; but finally everything went well . 
i should say that it was the easiest and most interesting job that i have ever done . i really enjoyed it and also i did not miss the opportunity to ask the artist to take a photo have his photo taken with me . 
so , i hope to see you soon to show you all my photos . 
i think it was very clever of me to record that moment which i will never ever forget , and that was the thing that i most liked liked most about that experience . 
looking forward to getting your reply and to seeing you soon
lots of love
13 june 2000
dear helen ryan , 
i am writing to give you further information about me which you need for camp california . 
i am delighted that finally i have i have finally won first prize in your competition . 
i would like to travel only in june because i will start working in july which means i will not be able to come there any later . 
moreover , i would rather stay in a tent than in a log cabin because i always stay in a tent when i am on holidays . it is not comfortable but i still like it . 
concerning the activities which i have to choose i would like to inform you that i am fond of photography and i am quite good at it because i have attended a relevant course for three months . 
because of my work experience as a lifeguard i will choose swimming as the second activity . 
could you please tell me what kind of clothes i have to bring with me ? ( like . . specific equipment or anything else ) . 
how much money do i need ? 
i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely , 
" shopping is not always enjoyable " 
is it true or not ? some people agree with it , some people don't . 
if you don't work and you have plenty of time going shopping is really enjoyable , because there are big shopping centres in which you can find so many different things . there are new products which you could not imagine could be so interesting . shopping is a good way to kill time and sometimes you do not realize how fast the time goes . this happens because people are enjoying themselves a lot . 
on the other hand there are some disadvantages . for example if you are a working mother with three children , which means you are always in a hurry , going shopping is really unenjoyable . you shop in a big supermarket because you know you will find everything there and you need 15 minutes to find the goods and 20 minutes to pay for them because of the big queue . 
you need to buy essential items like food and you get tired because it is very crowded and you spend more time than you would like to . 
in conclusion shopping is enjoyable but not when it is too busy . otherwise if you are in a good mood it will turn into a bad mood . you should avoid the peak times . 
dear helen , 
thank you very much for your letter which said i have won first prize in your competition . i was really surprised to hear that . 
i am afraid i can only make it in july , because i am taking exams this month . moreover , i'll prepare everything for going to university in august . i have no time until christmas . so , i think the best time is july . 
the accommodation i prefer is a tent . i haven't tried it before . i would like to know how interesting it is to live in tents . if i can only choose two activities while i am at the camp , i would like climbing and basketball . i started climbing when i was a child . i love it very much . about basketball , i have been playing it for seven years . i would like to play basketball with local people at the camp to see how good they are , if i can . 
finally , may i ask for some more information ? what kinds of clothes should i take ? . how about the weather there ? will you give me some pocket-money during the trip ? also , may i take a friend with me ? how much should she pay ? 
i look forward to hearing from you soon . 
yours sincerely , 
jia li lo
to: teacher cheng
from: jia lo
date: 13/06/00
subject: a short video about daily life at school
as i was asked , i spoke to a number of students about their opinions concerning this short video . i found that most of them suggested that four lessons should be filmed , which are as follow:
1 . grammar , which is the basis of learning english . 
2 . speaking : it makes you more confident when you talk with other people . it let it lets you get more practices practice . 
3 . listening . it is really helpful for improving your listening and understanding . 
4 . writing . this class teaches you how to organise what you want to write . 
also , there are two activities that should be filmed . 
1 . students talk to each other when they are having a break . it is important to practise your english after lessons . 
2 . teachers help students with their problems . if you have a problem studying , try asking the teachers about which is the best way to study . 
in conclusion , the short video is only 60 minutes . it must show the daily lives of the english students at the school . it should include all those points lists above . 
dear miss ryan , 
i'm writing to you as regards the letter you've sent me about the competition i've won . 
i've never been to the u . s . a . before so i think it'll be an exciting trip . with regard to the date of the trip , july would be best because in june i'm going to visit my family in mexico and in august school begins . 
i've never been camping before , i guess i'm not an outdoor girl , but i'd like to give it a try , so i'd rather tents than cabins . 
i'm really keen on sports , especially sailing . i've been sailing since an early age and i manage the rigging and sail perfectly . i'm also fond of tennis , i've just started my lessons and would like to continue playing during the summer . so , i think i'll do sailing and tennis . 
i'm not really sure about what kind of clothes to take . could you please write to me specifying what would be suitable ? i'd appreciate it a lot . 
sincerely , 
diana delgado
shopping is not always enjoyable
i'm a shopaholic , but i have to admit shopping is not always enjoyable . for instance , i spent my spring break with my friends in italy . we went there to buy our dresses for our boyfriends' graduation ( besides other reasons ) . they had invited us and we wanted them to see us looking stunningly beautiful . 
while we were in florence my wallet was stolen , probably by a gypsy . i was so annoyed ! i was in the plaza espagna in florence without a penny ! my friends lent me some money , but it wasn't more than 120 pounds . i had to buy my dress , its accessories and also clothes and souvenirs ! i couldn't really do much , so i used the money i had and bought an incredible pair of shoes and some souvenirs . i felt really bad seeing my friends buy the latest fashion while the only thing i could do was tell them how great their clothes were and of course window-shop . 
dear mr ryan
i have just received your letter and i am really delighted and thrilled to win the first prize in your competition . 
for the trip to california , i can only go in july , i am afraid , because my english course finishes in june and it starts again in august . 
in your letter you mentioned that i could choose between sleeping in tents or a log cabin , and i would like to sleep in a log cabin please . this is because last time i was in a tent , i found it really uncomfortable and when it rained in the night i couldn't get to sleep because of the sound of water hitting the tent . 
i would like to take part in surfing and swimming please . although i have never done surfing before , i am a quite advanced swimmer . 
finally i would like to ask some questions . what is the weather like over there and what should i wear ? how much money would i need ? how big is the camp ? 
i look forward to hearing from you soon . 
yours sincerely 
shopping can be very exciting and fun . the feeling of buying new things is wonderful . but it might not be the same every time . 
we all go shopping , maybe not every day , but certainly at least once a week . shopping is very important because it's the only way to get things . for example , food . you will not be able to survive without food . so buying things necessary necessary things is fine i think . but buying things that you do not need or you have not planned to might make you feel good at the time , but days or weeks later when you realise you did not need to spend money on them , you might regret buying them . for example you did not plan to buy any crisps , but they are at half price and you buy them without thinking . but afterwards you never eat them and just bin them . 
i think buying things needed and planned could be enjoyable but buying things you don't need or unplanned , might make you feel sad after some time . 
13/6/2000-11-07
dear helen ryan
first of all , we are happy to have won the first prize in your competition . thank you for choosing our ticket at the final . 
we would like to go in july , because my wife catrin just have holidays next month . we would prefer the last two weeks in july . would that be fine for you too ? 
is there a chance to stay in a log cabin . i sometimes have trouble with backache when i couldn't can't sleep on a flat surface . 
it would be great if we could choose swimming and golf . my wife catrin is a local champion in swimming races . i'm not so good as her , but i go once every week to her training session . at golf , we are both total beginners . we have no experience but we would like to learn this game . 
we are both a little worried . what kind of clothes and shoes do we have to take with us ? what will the temperature be in the summer season in this area ? is there any possibility we could rent golf shoes ? 
finally , we would like to know when you will send us the airline tickets and the brochure . moreover , do you think how much pocket money we will spend how much money do you think we will spend on this trip ? 
we are looking forward to hearing from you soon . 
yours sincerely 
leon hofmann
13/6/2000
dear kim
thank you very much for your last lovely letter . i'm fine . how are you ? 
you are interested in my last job ! i really want to tell you all about my experience . 
however , i'm happy that we have finished this hard work . i worked in a team of seven people . we were mainly working on all the lights at this great concert . it sounds easy , just doing the lighting . 
in addition , it was nine days of hard work to mount all the different spot and hundreds of coblights in the right place . 
finally , we worked the whole night before the concert . we had to adjust the laser extremely carefully to get it in the correct position . we spent hours on this till it was good enough for the technical-manager technical manager . moreover , the band was exhausted by this great laser show in the end . 
for me was this adventure one of the best this adventure was one of the best . it shows that , when all members of a group work hard together , you can achieve a lot . 
i think i can't forgotten this experience on my mind 
lots of love
leon
dear helen ryan , 
i am writing in reply to your letter in which you told me i won the first prize . it is the first time i won a prize ! 
as you asked me some questions , here are the answers . it would be very convenient if i could travel in july , because by that time i'll be on my school holidays . if you agree i would like to have a tent for my accommodation , because i have never stayed in one and i wonder if it might be a great feeling and if in this way i will be in closer contact with the animals that live in the area . 
it would be very pleasant if i could join your basketball team , since i used to play in my school's team and i think i'm pretty good at it . surfing would be another good option because i have never stepped on a surfboard and i think this is a beautiful sport . 
i'd like to know about the kind of clothes i should take , if it's cold or hot at that time of the year and if i should bring any money . 
i have butterflies in my stomach and i am looking forward to hearing from you as soon as possible . 
yours faithfully , 
carlitos andrade
shopping is not always enjoyable . some people usually spend more money than they have and end up broke , with a lot of bills to pay . however , if you don't have those spending sprees very often , shopping can be a pleasant experience and a chance to spend some quality time with your family . 
have you ever spent more money than you should during a visit to the shopping center ? if you answered no , congratulations . but if you took a deep breath after reading the question , don't worry . it's normal to have spending sprees . everyone has had or will have one while shopping . but don't be afraid . 
going to the shopping centre with your family can be a good experience . it's a moment in which you can talk to your relatives and use this conversation to get to know more about yourselves . if you are a good observer , it's a great chance to get to know what your son or daughter would like to have for their birthday or for any other special occasion . 
in conclusion , if you go shopping reasonably , have a good time . on the other hand , if you think that you'll get in the red , you'd better stay at home . 
dear sir/madam , 
thank you very much . i am very pleased i have won first prize in the competition - two weeks at camp california in the u . s . a . 
i would like to travel only in july , because in june i have to study at school , which doesn't finish until the end of june . for august , i have already made another appointment with my friends . we are going to visit the places of interest in china . as usual , our new term begins in september . i can only travel in july
concerning accommodation , i prefer tents to log cabins . tents are very easy to carry and can go everywhere . what's more , in my opinion they are very romantic . 
i am good at singing and photography . i can sing most kinds of songs , such as pop music , folk . i like taking photographs , in my only room . there are all kinds of photos , for example , of the beach , sea , trees and so on . 
finally , i wonder what kind of clothes i should take and how much money i should bring with me ? 
i look forward to seeing you soon . 
yours faithfully
to: mrs flame
from: kate
subject: which lessons and other activities should be filmed
introduction :
the aim of this report is to suggest which lessons and lessons should be filmed for a short video . in order to write the report i interviewed about one hundred students who are studying in our english class . 
results:
the majority of them said it's a good idea to do something about maths and english study skills . sixty percent recommended that the activity which called make the brain up in the morning class should be filmed . ten of them said we should film computing . two thirds said we should film a part of playing football . 
reasons:
although maths is very boring , it is very important nowadays . english is the most popular language in the world . what's more , more and more people are starting to learn english . the activity of making brain up can help us remember new words . playing football is good for your health . 
conclusion:
it is recommended that something should be filmed about maths , english study skills , make brain up and playing football . 
dear helen
i am very surprised to have received your letter in which you explained to me that i have won a prize in your competition . after that , i would like to say thanks , i have never won any prize prizes at all . 
now , i will answer your questions . in reference to the date of travel , i would like to travel in july because at the moment i am working at university and i only have july to take my holidays . 
as you state in your letter i have to choose the accommodation type of type of accommodation . i would prefer to stay in a tent because since i was a child i have been using this type of accommodation . i used to go camping . 
about camp activities , i would prefer to do basketball and photography . i have chosen these activities because these days i am playing on the university team , and photography is my favourite hobby . i have recently bought a new camera . 
finally let me know what kind of clothes will be the most suitable at camp . is it necessarily necessary to bring any money ? 
i look forward to hearing from you
yours sincerely
dear kim
i am written writing to you to tell you about my experience at a pop concert . 
it began when our mutual friend martha offered me the chance to help organise the concert . obviously i accepted . now i can tell you that it was an amazing challenge for me because i had never done anything like that . 
my duties as a staff member were different various . the first day i had to pick the bands up from the airport , and for this i hired a van . the following day i was the person who provided the meals for all the staff and also every day i was backstage supporting the catering staff . 
i am particularly pleased to have known the most popular pop stars in the world . 
hoping to hear from you
best wishes
. i would like to travel only in july because i will have some holidays holiday at that time . 
. i prefer to stay in log cabins rather than in tents , because log cabins have much esctructure , that i need to stay for a few days . 
. i can play basketball well , because i used to practise play basketball , when i went to the club every saturday . 
now i am planning to be a good photographer . i will use some photographs to put on a website that belongs to a magazine , which i had projected . last year . 
. how much money would you like to pay me for five hours a day for two weeks working with children working with children for five hours a day for two weeks ? 
2 most students are very shy when the teachers ask them if they have any doubts about some subjects at the classes . the students at school shoudn't be shy , because they have estercotipie inside in some issues , that confuses them the means of things . 
3 when you are ready to shop , sometimes you know beforehand what is your priority , because probably you need one thing rather than another . but the best thing that we do , when we go shop shopping is spend time having lunch at a snack bar , watching movies and playing computer games . 
4 hello kim , 
last month , i worked as a roadie at a rolling stones pop concert . i was responsible for the sound . now , i have some experience in producing cds live live dcs of famous bands , i would like to do it . i hope to be a producer of shows , as soon as possible . 
dear madam , 
i was very happy to learn that i have won the first prize in your competition and it will be a good opportunity for me to go to the u . s . a . 
if it is possible , i would like to travel in july . i will be working until the end of june and i am going to start university in august . 
i would prefer to sleep in a tent , because , in my opinion , it is easier to make friends and i like camping as well . 
i have chosen photography and climbing as my activities . i am a beginner in photography but i am really interested in it . i have a medium level of proficiency in climbing and i would like to climb the californian mountains . 
can you tell me how much money i have to take , if i have to take winter clothes and if it is possible to rent a car there ? 
thank you for this opportunity . 
yours faithfully , 
i like shopping . some people when they are tired relax by sleeping , reading a book or watching television , but not me . walking along the crowded streets of my city is my way of relaxing . 
i have been working in a shop for a long time and i have noticed that i am not the only one in this case . there are always , at the end of the afternoon , some well-dressed women coming from their offices and they just spend one hour in the shop without buying anything . 
however , it is true that shopping is not always enjoyable , for example before christmas or during some special sales . in these periods of the year , the supermarkets and the shops are full of stressed adults and tired children trying to walk in a hot and noisy place . 
in conclusion , you have to know when and where to shop quietly but in my opinion spending money in a crowded shop is the most enjoyable thing in the world . 
dear mrs . ryan:
i am writing in reply to your letter , in order to answer your questions . 
first of all , it would be suitable for me to travel in july only , because that is when i am on holiday from work . 
second , i would rather stay in a log cabin , because i tend to get very nervous in small closed places , so a tent would be inappropriate for me . 
i would prefer golf and surfing . i haven't played golf for a long time , so it will be pleasant to do so . about surfing , i am an amateur at it . i have been surfing for five years and i have competed in two championships . 
finally , i would like to ask you what kind of clothes would you recommend i take . i have never been to california , so i have no idea about the weather there . also , i would like to know if i will need any money there . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely , 
dear kim:
hi ! i'm writing to tell you about my experience at the concert . 
it was supposed to start at ten , but when the band was going on stage , the singer fell down on some wires that gave the power to all the instruments and all the lights ! suddenly , everything got very dark . the fans started shouting and whistling for the show to begin , while i just stood there trying to see what had happened . then , a security guard started calling for help . i happened to be near him , so i went to help him . he asked me to help bono , the singer , get up and to get him some water . i realised he had broken a finger so i had to get a doctor to help him . there was an ambulance behind the stage , so the paramedic came right away and took care of bono's finger . about an hour later , he recovered and the show began . 
what i liked was that i had the chance to help my idol and to talk to him . 
bye ! see you soon , 
dear helen , 
i have received your exciting letter , informing me that i have won two weeks at camp california in the usa . i will answer your questions in this letter , beginning with the best time for the camp my visit . 
because of my studies i will not be free to travel until july and schools go start again in august so i hope july will be fine . 
i much prefer sleeping in tents . it seems friendlier more sociable and really sounds like holidays . 
choosing only two activities from such a variety of interesting ones was quite hard , but i decided to pick the two i've never tried , climbing and surfing . 
i would like to know what kind of clothes i should bring and whether i can wash them or not , and i'd like to know how much money i will need for extras . 
thank you very much . 
yours sincerely , 
andre michel
hello kim , 
how are you ? 
forgive me for the long time i left you without any news . i wrote to you last time that i was going to lend a hand with the installation and preparation of " garbage's " concert and you asked me to tell you how it was . 
so one week before the concert i went to " l'arena " to meet the other worker and receive the instructions . i've had the honour of helping their sound engineer and branching the cables for microphones , guitars etc . 
we really started to work like ants the morning before the show . it was exciting looking at all three men working together and building a stage , and it was interesting to help the sound engineer to check the sound and configure his computers to get the best sound possible . 
about two hours before the beginning of the show , we met the band and received tickets to go backstage . that was wonderful , maybe better than the concert itself ! 
and the next morning i was there again to help them fold put away their stuff . 
that's a great experience ! 
now kim , tell me about your side of the show . 
yours , andre
i am writing in reply to your letter , which i received last week , and in fact i am very surprised and pleased with the prize . 
first of all i would like to travel in july because it is my only free month , since i am student and i am very busy all year . 
secondly , regarding accommodation , i would prefer to stay in a log cabin , because i used to use a tent on holiday and i haven't got very good experiences . 
thirdly i chose photography and swimming because i have previous experience in these activities and of course i have some diplomas which i will send you . 
in addition , i work every summer as a monitor at the leisure centre in my town . 
apart from this , photography is one of my favourite hobbies and i usually spend nearly all my spare time doing it and of course i have some diplomas as well . 
lastly i would like to ask you some questions . 
i would like to have further information about what kind of clothes i need for that area . i don't know if i have to bring only light clothes or both light and heavy clothes . 
i would like to request some information about accommodation and if you could specify what this trip includes , since i need to know how much money i have to take . 
i look forward to receiving a prompt reply . 
yours faithfully
hello , it's been ages since we were in touch . i'm sorry i haven't written to you for such a long time but i was very busy last month , with this job . 
i have to tell you that this experience was wonderful and in fact i enjoyed it a lot and of course i got to know a lot of people there . 
i found this opportunity through the radio in an advertisement . 
at first i was a little unsure about whether i was able to do this job , because they needed people with some skills and experience . but later i decided to call them and ask them for further information about this job . 
after an interview i was chosen for the job . i couldn't believe it . i feel that this was a good opportunity for me , not only for my professional but also for my personal life . 
moreover i practised a lot of aspects of my speciality , which for me was the most important real experience . 
according to my job , i had to help the teams with the outlights and , of course , it was my first professional experience: in the end i felt like one of them , because they were so kind to me , and i could collaborated collaborate help a lot and i learnt a lot with this project . 
furthermore , i found the time went quickly and they offered me a new project for the summer . 
i hope to hear from you soon . 
cracow 8430
dear competition organiser , 
i've already decided when i want to take a part at the camp california in usa . the most suitable time for this trip is only in july , because i've already planned the rest of my summer holidays . in june and august , so that's the only time when i can travel there . 
the accommodation at the camp that is most suitable for me is in log cabins . i prefer that kind of accommodation because i can have a kitchen or even a bathroom there , but i can't have it in a tent . 
i've also chosen two activities , swimming and sailing . these are my favourite because they have a lot to do with water , but i like them more than surfing . 
finally i would like to ask you how much money is needed and what kind of clothes are the best for this camp . 
please answer me soon . 
otto zajac . 
shopping is not always enjoyable
i agree with this statement especially when we talk about small shops in the centre of a big town . these shops are usually very crowded and you have to wait for a very long time to buy one kilogram of carrots for example . in such shops there is usually one or one or two sales assistants , which is not enough when a shop is full of people . that's a place where you lose too much time and health . 
shopping is more enjoyable if you go to a big supermarket , because there are smaller crowds and more sales assistants work there . these days people prefer shopping at supermarkets rather than at shops or even shopping centres , because shopping at a shop is less enjoyable and you spend the same amount of money . 
dear mrs ryan , 
i am replying to your letter about the first prize in the competition that i won and there are a number of things i would like to make clear . 
you asked me in your last letter when i would like to travel . i think the best time is the first two weeks of july , because i will be free then . i cannot travel earlier because i will take an examination and i have to study for it . in addition , i would prefer to have a log cabin , because i am not used to sleeping in a tent , so it would be very difficult for me at the beginning . you state in your last letter that i will have the chance to do two activities . i would prefer basketball and swimming . when i was younger i attended was in a local basketball team and we became local champions , so i am good at basketball and have a lot of experience . i am also good at swimming . last year i entered a swimming championship and won the silver medal . 
finally , there is one thing i would like to ask . could you tell me what sort of clothes and how much money i should have with me ? 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely , 
dear kim , 
many thanks for your last letter . it was great to hear from you again . 
as you know , i helped out at a pop concert last month , and i must say it was fantastic . let's start from the beginning . 
first of all , i had to prepare the clothes of the pop stars . i had to iron them , and put them in order , so that the pop stars , who sang at the concert , would look impressive and handsome . the most exciting things happened later . i saw all the pop stars , talked with them and realized that they are very nice and always helpful . 
i had a lot of things to do during the concert . i had to look after the tone that nothing goes wrong . that was very demanding but fortunately i had help from another person . 
i must say that being at a concert is very nice . but helping at a concert is much nicer . at the end i realized that all you need is co-operation and you mustn't think selfishly . hope to hear from you soon . 
yours
pantelis
14 . 06 . 2000
dear mrs ryan , 
thank you for your letter . i am very glad i won the competition . this trip will , undoubtedly , be a wonderful experience . 
as far as the dates of travel travel dates are concerned , the only period available would be in july as i am fully booked for the rest of the summer . i really didn't expect to win the trip . i would therefore be very grateful if you could book the tickets for then . 
concerning the accommodation options you have offered me , please make sure i am sleeping in a tent , as i have never experienced open-air camping before . i think it would be nice to try it at least once . 
concerning the proposed activities , please , put me down for singing and painting . the only problem would be that my drawing is pretty bad . concerning singing activities , i think i'm quite good as i have been in my school's choir for 3 years . 
could you please include in your next letter some information about the amount of money and clothes we have to bring ? 
yours sincerely
17 october 2000
dear kim , 
as you asked me , i am writing to you about my experience at the pop concert . 
well , on the whole , it was pretty cool . there was no big stress about it . the only thing i was asked to do was to help carry the lunches of the singers and to help with light and sound management , when the guy there had to do something else . oh yes , i also had to check the tickets for five minutes . the woman had to deliver something . the problem with this job is that you have to deal with huge numbers of people . there were 963 people at the " armageddon " that night ! 
but , as i said , the whole thing was fun . you must show a great sense of responsibility . but , kim , can you see another way to meet the " new bentley " for free , talk to them and even get paid ? that was my best day ever , the one when i shared a meal with paul mcpartney . i'm sure you are jealous now . don't worry they still organise these " youth work " programmes . 
with love
john
dear sir/madam 
thank you very much for your letter . i was surprised because i didn't expect that i could win . 
now i am studying and i'll continue my studies until the end of june . then i'll have a holiday which finishes will finish in august . that's why i'd like to travel only in july . 
i prefer to stay in a log cabin because i think it's more comfortable . they are warmer and drier and i'm afraid of insects and spiders . 
it's really great that you can suggest how to spend the rest of the time , because i enjoy swimming and it doesn't matter where - in the lake or swimming pool . i think it's a very useful and helpful thing for my health , especially when i do it with pleasure . the second of my favourite sports is tennis . i've played tennis for ten years . i'm a professional and i have to be good at it , in any time . 
i want to ask you about money . how much money do i need and do i have to have it in cash or can i use a credit card ? could you let me know about the weather because i don't know what kind of clothes i should take . would you send me your answer as quickly as it is possible . i look forward to seeing you soon . thank you
yours faithfully
katerina petrov
hi , kim ! 
how are you ? i'm fine . soon i'll have my holiday and i look forward to that but now i have a lot of exams and if i want to pass them i have to learn a lot . 
now i want to tell you about a pop concert . as you have already known already know i helped my father to organize this concert . i was doing a lot of things like redecorating , drawing . sometimes i gave some advice about suits and dresses . often we saw rehearsals and if something didn't appeal to us we tried to correct it . the most enjoyable thing was to dress people . we have a good and rich sponsor . that's why we could buy a lot of different materials with different colours and we tried to be polite with actors even if they didn't want to wear that piece of clothing which we thought was more suitable most suitable for their style . we always explained things to them and in the end they agreed with us . these days were so busy . but when we saw our show and heard how loudly the audience clapped applauded them we were proud and understood that we spent a good time . you should try it and see . i'll be waiting for your answer . 
best wishes . 
katerina . 
dear mrs . ryan , 
thank you very much for your letter . i am very happy to be the winner of the competition and i am looking forward to coming to camp california . 
i hope there will be no problem if i travel in july , as this is the only free period i have . in august , , i will start a new job and i will not be able to leave rome for a long time . 
as far as accommodation is concerned , i would prefer to stay in a log cabin , because tents are too hot for me . 
i am also pleased to have the chance to do some activities and i would like to choose something i am not able to do . so , i have decided to choose photography and surfing because i am an absolute beginner at both of them . 
please let me know what the climate is like at the camp , so that i can take with me the right kind of clothes . it would also be useful for me to know if there will be any extra expenses , in order to take enough money for two weeks . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely , 
vittoria santini
being a woman , i naturally love shopping . it is a really great pleasure going in and out of different shops , trying on a variety of clothes and shoes , and finally going back home with dozens of bags in your hands . 
however , there are a few times when you cannot enjoy shopping . the first one is the christmas period . shops are incredibly crowded . you cannot try on a dress and decide to buy it , or not in peace , because outside there is a queue of people waiting for their turn . in many cases , you do not even find the things you want , because the shops run out of products very quickly . moreover , during this period , prices are usually much higher than in the other months . 
another situation in which shopping is not enjoyable is when you go shopping with a man . for the majority of men , in fact , shopping is the most boring activity in the world . a man will try to prevent you from trying more than one dress on and will refuse to stay in the same shop for more than five minutes . 
anyway , apart from these two cases , shopping is always very amusing . 
dear helen ryan
i'm writing to tell you that i am happy to accept this prize and to give you some further information that you need from me . 
if it's possible i would like to travel in july because of my job . i can't leave it until that month and i'm not able to travel at any other time of year . 
as i see i have the chance to choose the accommodation i prefer , i would like to stay in a tent because i used to go camping at weekends but if there's any problem i could be very comfortable in a log cabin too . 
the large list of interesting activities that you offer is incredible . it's difficult just to choose two but if i have the chance i would like to practise do sailing and photography . i have never tried none either of them before and as a result i can't be good at them but i've always wanted to sail because i love the sea and now i have the opportunity . i also think that it would be great to learn about photography because it will give me the chance to go sightseeing and find wonderful places to take pictures . 
if you don't mind i would like to know what kind of clothes are appropriate for the camp and for the californian weather . and also will i have to bring any money ? i know that all the expenses are paid but it could be necessary for other things . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely
luna juarez . 
i completely agree with the following statement:
" shopping is not always enjoyable " 
in my opinion a lot of people believe that it's great fun to go shopping and it's a great way to spend saturday afternoons and that's true , but in my opinion going shopping can be stressful and disgusting . 
first of all , we usually go to the shops at the same time as the rest of the world and that's a little bit complicated because the shops are full and it's impossible to try accurately . 
secondly you have to think before you enter a shop if you're going to have any luck . i mean that you have to wait until the shop assistant comes to know if he or she is going to drive you crazy . thirdly you have to pray you find the right size and once you've got it you have to think does it fit me ? , " does it fit me ? " 
and after all of this it's important when you're going shopping to have a large amount of money or you will end up stressed , disgusted , and depressed . 
last but not least let me give you some advice , try not to go with that friend of yours who is crazy about clothes and shoes because she wants you to be like her and that would be awful . 
18 june 2000
dear ms ryan , 
thank you very much for your letter . i just received it yesterday . i am very excited . 
i would like to go to california in the u . s . a . in july . it is the only month that i can have my holiday this year and it will be nice in the summertime . 
regarding the accommodation at camp california , i prefer a log cabin . it would be nicer and safer for me than the tents . the activities i would like to choose are swimming and sailing . it could be fun for me because i like swimming , and sailing could be exciting too . 
lastly , i would like to know about the money and clothes . how about the weather in california in july ? is it hot or raining ? and can i prepare my clothes , or can we buy some clothes there ? do they accept credit cards or only cash ? i don't want to take money with me . 
i would be grateful if you could send me the full details . many thanks . 
yours faithfully , 
in the following paragraphs i will discuss the advantages and disadvantages of shopping . 
everyone needs to shop every day . it is a very important thing for our life . we need food , clothes , books etc . there are many kinds of thing for shopping and they are different , for example the price , the quality
in a supermarket , shop or department store they have many things . we could buy almost all we need in one store . it is very convenient . 
on the other hand , shopping is not always easy . sometimes , there's there are so many people and they are not friendly at all or you are in a hurry while you are in a long queue . 
we have seen then that shopping is very important for our life . most people enjoy shopping because it is more convenient today but if you found a busy place for shopping or it was not as good as you expected , it would not be enjoyable for you . 
dear ryan , 
i've just finished reading the letter from you about winning first prize in your competition - two weeks at camp california in the u . s . a . you asked me for some further information . 
i would like to travel in july only because i'll be free for the whole month . so any date in july . i'd like to stay at camp california in tents , because i like to sleep in a tent when i go camping . also i would like to choose the two activities that you have given me on the list from the list that you have given me . i would like to choose swimming and photography . i'm good at swimming . i used to swim for the school team . but i have never done photography before . i love to take photos but never have a chance to do so . but i have a chance to choose . 
also i would like to ask you some questions . do i have to bring lots of money ? i mean do i have to pay for the tent ? what about the clothes ? do i have to bring a lot ? that is all i want to know . thank you
yours sincerely
lindsay wattana
10/05/2000
dear kim , 
hi , how are you ? i'm fine . i just got your letter yesterday . you asked me a question about my experience of helping at a pop concert . you wanted me to tell you about it , right ? 
well , it was quite fun while i was helping them to do the stuff before the concert was gonna start started . i had to get everything that they needed up the stairs . it was so tiring . then after that i had to help them carry all the clothes for the singer to wear from the bus down into the staff room . i saw westlife too . you know they are so cute . then i could take a rest for about 30 mins . after that i had to go into the staff room again because they wanted me to go and buy some drink for the singer . after i came back i had to help them clean all the make-up stuff . the concert began . . . that meant i could take a rest until the concert finished . after the concert had finished i had to help them again to clean all the stuff , i had to carry everything that i could carry back to the bus . we were so tired but it was good fun . i think this experience was quite interesting . if somebody asked me to go and help again i would like to go for sure . 
that's all i did at the pop concert for my experience . what about your experience ? don't forget to tell me about yours , okay . . . better go to sleep now . bye
antonia . 
dear sir/madam
thank you for your lovely letter . i was really surprised to heard hear i had won your competition . 
it will be a pleasure to give you all the information which you need . 
i would like to book my tickets for the beginning of july . the 3rd of july will suit me . 
as far as i know accommodation at camp california is in tents or log cabins . i prefer log cabins . it's more convenient for me . 
i am very glad i can choose two activities while i am at the camp . i am keen on basketball . i played in my country for 7 years . i am a good defender . 
i would like to choose surfing as my second activity . i've never done it before . i'd like to get some lessons if it's possible . i've seen how people do it but i've never tried it myself . 
i'd like to know what temperature it will be in july in california and you're your advice about how much money i will need to have an unforgettable holidays holiday ! 
yours faithfully 
shopping is not always enjoyable , is it ? 
we can't say that it is always enjoyable or it is not . every new day is not the same . but . . . 
i think that good shopping depends on ourselves us . if we decide to buy something special and we have enough money for it we have to go and buy it . probably , maybe not . 
sometimes we have to deal with unsatisfactory service or , for example , can you imagine it on your way to the shop you have met wrong people meeting the wrong people on the way to the shop or someone telling you bad news . 
or perhaps the quality of your new thing is not so good as you expected . the situations are various . 
maybe you will spend all your money on a new thing and a few hours later your best friend will invite you to go to a night-club but you will be short of money . some people will do crazy things in a situation like this . they will hate this new thing because they will miss a party . 
but i want to wish you some enjoyable shopping all your way . 
dear miss helen ryan , 
i am writing to you because i am very glad about my first place in the competition . i am going to tell you about the things that you ask me about in your letter . 
i would like to travel in july because it is the perfect time to go to the camp and it is summer . 
regarding accommodation at camp , i would like to choose cabins because i think i would be protected from the animals and the cold . 
furthermore , for the activities i want to select tennis and basketball because i have been playing tennis since i was young and basketball because i played for the team in my college as the captain . 
i want to ask you one more thing . i do not have any idea about how much money and clothing i have to bring . would you give me some advice about how much i need to bring
i look forward to hearing from you
yours sincerely
dear kim , 
i'm writing to you to tell you about my experience helping at a pop concert . well first let me tell you that my job was helping the artists if they needed something , for example giving them water or snacks . 
it wasn't very exciting work but you could know meet a lot of pop artists , which was the good thing about it because they gave away their t-shirts , also i could chat with them for a few minutes . another good thing was that all the people wanted to be in your place and they were very jealous of me . 
anyway , this was my experience working at the concert . if you have an opportunity to help at any concert you should help because you have a lot of fun as well , ok . 
i'm looking forward to hearing from you . 
best wishes
helen ryan
competitor organiser
dear helen , 
i am writing to you , in reply to the letter i have recently received , to inform you about some details that i am concerned about . first of all i want you to know that i would prefer to travel in july due to the exam i will be taking in june and , afterwards , i will start my university studies in september which means there are lots of things to be sorted out . 
secondly , i prefer staying in log cabins because it is easier for me to keep my personal belongings clean and tidy , apart from the fact that i am terribly afraid of insects such as spiders and ants . 
in your letter you presented the possibility of choosing two activities and i would like to let you know that i would be pleased if i could join in with basketball and climbing , as i am very good at both of them because i played basketball in my secondary school as captain of the team and due to my long training sessions lifting weights . 
lastly , do i need to take with me any special kind of clothes ? do i need some money ? and if so , how much ? 
i'm looking forward to hearing from you soon . 
yours sincerely
shopping is not always enjoyable
suppose you go shopping with your girlfriend , that means that you will have to spend hours walking behind her from one shop to another and during the time that she is trying the items on , you have to bear the odds faces of the other women looking at you as if you were an alien on their territory . 
there is , as well , the struggle you have to endure when you find yourself in the crowds , crammed in the small shops during the only day-off you have to buy something you like . all this can easily lead to a nervous breakdown , particularly when you realise that your money has been stolen either during your difficult way through the crowds or while you were queuing to pay . if this wasn't enough your strength and mental health can be completely destroyed when , despite having been robbed , having spent hours walking around and being tired and hungry , you finally buy something you really like with your credit card and , after having walked a few blocks , you see the same item at half the price in another shop . 
dear helen ryan , 
i'm the winner of the first prize in your competition and i'm writing to you to give you some information which was requested by you . 
your first question was about when i'd like to travel . well , it's only possible in july because of the university's holiday ( during the rest of the year i'm attending classes ) . 
if i can choose my accommodation i would prefer a log cabin , because when i've been on camps campsites before , it always has been in tents , then i'd like to change and try this other kind of accommodation . 
it's really difficult to choose two activities from that list . every one is very interesting . anyway , i think basketball could be the right choice because it's the sport that i've been playing since i was a child , and photography because it's my hobby in my free time . i really enjoy it and i can say i'm so good at it . 
i was wondering what kind of clothes we need and what about money and meals ? are they provided ? or can we find some places to buy it ? 
i suppose that's everything that you need from me . if you have any other questions don't hesitate to ask me . i'm looking forward to hearing from you , again . 
yours sincerely , 
shopping is not always enjoyable . 
i think shopping is a subject really topical really topical subject . i can say that nowadays it is growing up very quickly in our society , like a kind of sport or hobby , as a way to waste or spend our free time . and it's creating a lot of addict addicted people , called " shopaholics " . 
otherwise shopping is not always enjoyable . you can spend hours and hours shopping and not find what you are looking for , perhaps because it is not in your size or the colour that you like , or just nothing is suitable for you . another common problem could be the long queue in the fitting rooms , where you wait standing up for your turn . after that , there is the unfriendly and sometimes impolite shop assistant who gets on your nerves . but never mind ! the worst arrives is when you get home in the evening and find a chair to sit in because your feet are killing you and you realize you have spent all your money without buying the stuff that you need to cook tonight . 
dear madam , 
i am writing this letter to inform you about the decisions i have made regarding your questions . 
first of all i would like to travel in july because i will have finished my exams by the end of june . i will not be able to travel in august because i have found a job for that month . 
secondly i would prefer to be accommodated stay in a log cabin . when i was a child i was afraid of all these little insects that live in the ground and this fear still remains now . i also think that the log cabin will be much more comfortable than the tent . 
basketball basketball and swimming are the two activities i have chosen . i have played basketball since i was twelve years old and i have been a member of the school basketball team for four years . in swimming i won the first prize in a local competition . 
finally i would like to ask you for some further information about the clothes and the money we will need . 
yours faithfully 
dear kim , 
as you already know , last month i was helping at a pop concert . it was a very exciting experience and i really enjoyed myself very much . 
i didn't have to do anything very difficult . i was only responsible for the property of the back stages . but if anyone was asking asked for some help i was always there . 
the most exciting thing about this experience was meeting all these well-known people . i was shocked and terrified the first time i saw them , but the truth is that they are men like us . they have a very simple life and behaviour when they aren't on the stage . 
if i have the opportunity next month i really want to go back . i will definitely apply for a place . 
love
kelly . 
13-06-00
dear helen ryan
competition organiser
i received your letter about the two weeks i won at camp california in the u . s . a . 
i would like to travel in july because i will have holidays in that month . 
about the accommodation at camp , i prefer a tent because i love to sleep in tents . it is more interesting than sleeping in log cabins . 
i would like to do climbing and sailing while i'm at the camp . i can climb very well . i used to climb ten years ago in my country . 
i'm worried about what kind of clothes i will need in the camp ? and how much money i have to bring for the trip ? could you answer my questions please as soon as you can , because i'm nervous , and i need your answer soon , and i will have a talk with my parents about the camp . 
yours sincerely
i agree that shopping is not always enjoyable . nowadays , people are always buying anything things when maybe they don't need these things , but only buy them because they are in fashion . 
in the first place , when people think only about going shopping they forget other things: playing with their children , talking with their parents , friends . 
on the other hand , when people go shopping they spend a lot of money . 
i my view , it is more enjoyable to do other things than to go shopping because , maybe , " you waste your money " . 
dear madam 
i'm very surprised about the good news and i'm sure i'll really have a good time in california . 
i'm happy to answer your questions . 
first of all , i would like to travel in july because my boss won't let me take time off in august . 
secondly , i would like to stay in a tent because i like camping a lot and i do it whenever i can . regarding the activities , i choose swimming and tennis . 
i'm a good swimmer and i would like to do it in the californian sea sea . i don't think i'll have the chance to do it again in the future . 
on the contrary , i'm an absolute beginner at playing tennis and i'm not fit enough for running but i chose it because it is a sport i've always wanted to learn but i've never had enough free time . 
there is something i would like to ask you . what kind of clothes am i supposed to bring with me ? and what about money ? should i bring cash or is a credit card all i will need ? 
and what about sanitary precautions ? 
i can't wait to start this adventure . 
yours sincerely 
carla reale
shopping is not always enjoyable
i'm a woman and they say that shopping is women's favourite activity . but i have a particular problem . i'm not slim and i'm a little ashamed of my body . that's why shopping is not an easy thing to do . in fact i can't buy whatever i like and i can't follow fashions like the other women do . when i go shopping i always have to ask for the extra-large size and it's harder to find it . 
i see a lot of pretty things but i have to abandon the idea of wearing them just because i think that they won't look so pretty on me . 
and if this is a problem for me , imagine how bad a very fat woman ( or man ) would feel . 
often they must go to special shops to buy their clothes . it looks like a sort of racism and unfortunately our society looks for beauty . just think about commercials . they're full of perfect people . the sort of people you will never find in real life . 
will this ever change ? 
i hope so , but , in the meantime , i'm on a diet . 
dear helen , 
it is so nice to hear the news from you that i have won the first prize . i'm looking forward to getting sun-tanned under the sun in california . 
here is the information which you asked me for . i would like to travel in july , because it is the only month that i will be able to take days off . 
also my kids have school holidays during this month therefore i hope to travel in mid july . 
i'd prefer to say in log cabins , because our family had some bad experiences with using tents . whenever we used a tent , we had bugs or the rain dropped inside the tent . 
it was very difficult to choose only two of those fascinating activities , but i made a decision , which is golf and photography . since my hobby is taking photos i am very interested in this field and have studied by myself about it . but golf is an absolutely new trial . i can imagine myself playing golf on those beautiful californian golf-courses . even though i'm poorly skilled . 
i wonder what else i have to pack to go there . inform me if i have to bring special dresses or only outdoor clothes , and also if it is necessary to bring some money with me . 
thanks
yours sincerely
dearest kim
how are you ? i hope you are fine . i'm fine too but i'm quite busy finding another part time job after the one , which was the concert supporting the one the one supporting the concert . 
i remember that you asked me to tell you about that job . it was fantastic but a bit hard ! 
first when i got there i realised that i was the only woman and i had to work in the box-office . it was quite terrible when i had to make people leave , because all tickets were sold out . 
then the concert started , i was called by one of the staff for help , finally i could get into the stadium . the next task i was given was ironing costumes . can you imagine that i touched all of the costumes the singer wore ? 
it was a pity that i had no chance to learn how the sound system works , which i was mostly interested in . but it was terrific enough to hear the band performing and to see the audience's reactions , meanwhile the backstage couldn't even enjoy that fantastic atmosphere . 
what i really liked was that every single person had to be responsible for his role , till we left the stadium . and that made the concert absolutely perfect . 
i hope this is enough to express my feeling and i hope someday we can share such things together . 
stay pretty and lovely ! 
kisses from 
dear helen ryan , 
i am writing to ask for some queries about your letter which i have received . 
firstly , i would like to travel to camp california on monday , 6th july , because my school's holiday will begin at the end of june . otherwise i will not be able to join that camp . 
secondly , could you make an arrangement for me to stay in a log cabin , because it seems that living in log cabins is more exciting than in tents . also i would prefer to go swimming and surfing , because i used to be an assistant in a korean national pool , so i am good at swimming . however , i have never tried surfing . that is why i would like to do that . 
finally , could you tell me if i have to bring some clothes , towels and extra money ? i would appreciate it if you supplied some towels , if possible . 
thanks for your attention . 
i really look forward to receiving your reply soon . 
yours sincerely
dear kim , 
it seems ages since i wrote to you . how have you been ? how's your new flat ? when i received your letter with photographs of that flat , it really looked nice . anyway , i'll tell you about my wonderful experience which i enjoyed at a pop concert . 
it took place in the korea national center which is the biggest building in korea . there were a lot of people , i guess over 50 , 000 , who wanted to see famous singers and listen to their songs . 
i helped to guide foreigners who would like to participate in that . you know , i have studied english for two years in england . that's why i could attend that concert as a volunteer , because they needed people who could speak english very well . 
what i really enjoyed was meeting famous world singers such as madona , bon jovi , ena and so on . i got madona's autograph ! can you believe it ? i'll show you that and some pictures . 
i really hope to see you soon . 
best wishes , 
thomas west
24 kingsberry place
cs4 1xd
tuesday 13th june 
to helen ryan
competition organiser at camp california
dear madam , 
thank you for your letter . i was so happy to receive such good news that i couldn't believe it . 
to answer your first question , i would like to travel in july if it's possible , because i'll be on holiday and because a friend would be able to come with me at that time of the year . 
regarding the accommodation at camp california , i prefer to rent a tent , which is going to be more fun , i think , but are the tents singles ? i would be pleased if you could give me details about this question . 
i can see on the list a lot of interesting sports ! but i think ( it's difficult to choose ) i'll choose golf and basketball , golf because i'm quite good ( i finished 5th in the english golf tournament junior junior golf tournament in 1999 ) , and basketball , because i would like to rediscover this sport i only used to play at school . 
i've got other questions: which what type of clothes do i have to bring ? can i change money on the camp ? are any parties organized during the holidays ? is there only one teacher for each sport , and how many are in each group ? 
thank you for all the information you can give me . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely
report about which lessons and activities we should film . 
first , i don't think we can shoot a film only about lessons or only about breaks , because these two elements are representative of the daily life at school , aren't they ? 
first , we should film some lessons because everybody knows ( or remembers if they are grown-ups ) that this is the activity that is takes up most of a student's time at school . 
just after , to make a contrast , we may film the break , because it's the other part of a school day ! it's the place where you can meet your friends , where you can talk freely , and there are no teachers . it could be a good contrast to the seriousness of the lessons . to come back to the central ( a little beat less ) subject , i suggest that we film the sports lesson . doing that will allow the spectator to see how the students behave when they are all together and in small groups . 
finally we should film the lunch , which is also a moment to relax for the students , and for the teachers for the students , and for the teachers , to relax . we mustn't forget to film the teacher staff room because if a school is made of students , it's also made of teachers . 
dear mrs ryan
i would like to thank you for your letter you recently sent me concerning the competition for two weeks at camp california in the u . s . a . 
this august i will start a new job so the only possible month for me to join the camp is july . i hope this will cause no problems . 
i am glad that you offer accommodation not only in tents but also in log cabins . because i am a light sleeper and have problems with my back i prefer to sleep in a log cabin with a comfortable bed . 
although it was not easy to choose two activities from your list i decided to do singing and surfing . it is difficult to say how well i can sing but i really like it and i think i am not too bad . i never tried have never tried surfing in my life but i am a very good snowboarder and this could be an advantage . 
i hope i have given you all the information you need . there is something i would like to know from you . 
should i bring some special clothes ( surfing ) with me ? how much money do you think i have to change and is it possible to get more ( bank ) ? 
i look forward to hearing from you soon . 
yours sincerely
rosalinde schulz
dear kim
last saturday evening i had a wonderful time . the motorbike club in our town organized a pop concert . a girlfriend of a member of the club asked me if i would like to help at the information desk . i did not hesitate one moment . 
the only thing i had to do was to solve the different problems of the audience and just be there if they had any questions . some people came from germany , some from austria and some came from england or the u . s . a . 
talking english with the people from england or the u . s . a . was wonderful . they were all very kind and with some of them i spent the rest of the evening and also the following day . 
that i earned a lot of money for doing something i like very much was very nice it was very nice that i earned a lot of money for doing something i like very much but the most important thing for me was meeting people , having fun and using the english language . i will never forget this evening . 
love , 
rosalinde schulz
dear sirs , 
first i want to thank you for all the congratulations , and i'll try to answer all your questions about , for instance , travel and accommodation . i have to tell you that it is only possible for me to go on holiday in july because my father is very ill and it is only possible for my sister to take care of him in july ( because her small children are in summer school at that time . another question was about the accommodation . i have to tell you that i'd prefer a tent . for me tents are a kind of back-to-basic living and i like this very much . in my opinion people should become more familiar with the rules of nature . 
i was very glad to read that it is possible to do activities at camp california . i've chosen singing and swimming . singing is one of my favourite activities and i know that i do it very well . i'm also used to singing in front of a large number of people 'cause because i have done it several times . i'm also good at swimming but i do not do it professionally . 
there are two further questions which i have to ask you . first , how much money do i have to take with me ? and what clothes should i take ? i'd be very happy if you could give me a call and answer these questions . 
yours faithfully 
dear kim ! 
today i have to tell you something really exciting and also very hard to believe . last month i received a letter which told me that i'd entered i'd won a competition . i was so happy and surprised that first i could not really believe it . but it was true . my prize was the chance to meet a pop group and to help at their concert . the pop group which was going to play is called " metallica " and i like their music very much ( 'cause in my opinion the music is a bit different from all the songs you usually listen to ) . but now to the concert itself . it took place on the 10th of june in salzburg . it started at 8 pm but i had to be there at 11 am . first i had to help with the catering , which lasted until 2 pm . after this i met the band members and got to know them while we were having a good meal . the front man felt a bit sick and so he skipped the meal . i was so excited that i was not able to eat anything either . at 5 pm the band members disappeared again and i was responsible for some kind of guided tour for the journalists . i had to show them the way to the interviewing room . it was a bit boring but more or less okay . at 7 p . m . the first group started . they were unknown and not very good but when i met them afterwards i realised that they were very nice . at 8 pm metallica started and , i have to tell you , they gave a great performance . when i met them after the concert they asked me questions like " did you like the performance ? " or " what do you think about the first group ? " questions like you and i usually ask each other . you know what i mean . they were not conceited or anything like that . they were like other persons people and i have to admit that i like them very much . this was one of the best and most exciting days of my life . 
hope you answer this letter as soon as possible . 
lots of hugs and kisses
dear helen ryan , 
i have just received your letter , and thank you very much for your reply . 
i am very happy to take part in the competition and i would like to give you all the information you need:
first of all , i am available to travel in july from 1st to 20th because my university will be closed during that month . 
secondly , if you don't mind , i would prefer to sleep in a tent . although it is not very comfortable , i like camping very much . 
thirdly , i am very interested in swimming and also climbing . i took up climbing five years ago and i am very keen on it . i am very good at swimming as well because i practise this sport every week in my city . 
finally , could you tell me what i need to wear and also how much money i will spend ? 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely , 
i have been asked to write a composition regarding the question , ' it is believed that shopping is not always enjoyable . ' 
in fact , shopping can have some disadvantages for different reasons:
firstly , you have to queue for a long time to get a free changing room and waste time putting on some clothes when in the end they are not the right size . secondly , it is easy to spend a lot of money in a few minutes and soon you can regret you can soon regret buying all those clothes which you don't really need . 
thirdly , some clothes can have some stains on and you haven't noticed this before buying them , so you have to go back to the shop . however , it is not easy to get a refund or to change them . 
in my opinion , shopping brings gives me a lot of satisfaction especially when i am depressed . nevertheless it could be very dangerous for my wallet . 
dear helen , 
i am very glad to hear from you that i have won the first prize in your competition . i would like to reply and ask you some questions . 
firstly , i will be available for travelling only in july because my university will finish at the end of june and will start again in august . secondly , regarding the accommodation , i would say i prefer living in a tent rather than in a log cabin because i used to sleep in a tent when i was staying in a local scout camp in my country . thirdly , i have chosen sailing and photography from the list you gave me because both of them are my favourite hobbies and i have been enjoying sailing and photography for several years so i am quite good at both of them . finally , i would like to ask you whether i have to prepare any special clothes for camping or will the camp provide them for me . 
i look forward to receiving the details regarding the trip soon and to joining your camp in july . 
yours sincerely , 
shopping is not always enjoyable . 
i do agree with this statement . one of the most unforgettable habits of city life is going out shopping . i used to hang around famous clothes shops looking at the new arrivals new-arrivals clothes section . it is not only good fun to see the new fashions and things but it also decreases the amount of money in my pocket . 
sometimes shopping doesn't do anything for you but only wastes all your free time . a group of girls can stay in a shopping centre forever . it seems to me that more people in my hometown tend to go shopping in their free time because the shopping complexes nowadays are more attractive and combine every facility inside . from my point of view , someone goes shopping just because he/she wants to show off that he/she is wealthy . 
keeping a balance between daily life and shopping life may be more enjoyable rather than always walking in an air-conditioned shopping complex . 
dear mrs ryan , 
thank you for your letter and i am very pleased that i won the first prize in your competition . however , i am writing to you to ask for more details . 
firstly , i would like to go to california in june if this is possible because i will have finished my course in merton college at the end of june . 
secondly , i would prefer to stay in a tent rather than staying in a log cabin in order to have an experience which i haven't had before . 
i am very keen on swimming and playing tennis so i have had a part-time job in a sports centre in the evenings . i also have qualifications to teach them . 
in addition to all this , i would appreciate it if you could let me have more details about clothes and how much i shall be paid for the trip . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely
to: mrs . sexington
from: an soo kim
subject: speaking classes and school trips
introduction . 
the aim of this report is to describe our english classes in merton college and suggest what we should film for making a short video . 
speaking class should be filmed . 
it is suggested that speaking classes should be filmed . the reason why is that more students tend to attend . 
another reason is that it will be more useful for foreign students who want to speak english . the number of foreign students has recently been increasing . 
school trips
it is also thought that school trips are to be filmed because there are a wide range of interesting places available . it is believed to be one of the most popular activities in merton college . 
conclusion
to sum up , it is recommended that speaking classes and school trips should be filmed . 
dear mrs helen ryan , 
first of all i would like to thank you for giving me the opportunity to travel . you asked me some questions about the day that suits me the best to depart , the accommodation i would like to have and so on . 
travelling in july , i have to say , would be perfect for me because i have got my birthday my birthday is on the 24th of that month and i wish to spend my birthday in the best way possible , so that means there . 
i also would prefer to sleep in tents , which are more comfortable , and , because i have been doing lots of camping , i am quite used to this kind of accommodation . 
the activities i have chosen both represent a passion for me . painting and swimming are my ways to have a good time , especially on holiday . 
i have a question for you to answer : please could you tell me how much money do i need to bring with me ? 
yours sincerely
shopping is not always enjoyable . 
although it is not always enjoyable , people are shopping more and more . it is very fashionable those times . they do not always buy lots of things , but i think most of them do . 
even people who haven't got lots of money go shopping . is it enjoyable to walk around shops , looking at nice things , without having enough money to buy them ? is it enjoyable to go shopping when it is rush hour or when it is very hot , in summer for instance ? 
enjoying shopping isn't a reason for doing it . i think people either go shopping to relax because they may have lots of problems or to meet other people , to feel they belong to a group of human beings . 
june , the 13th 2000
dear mrs ryan , 
you can guess how enjoyable a surprise receiving your letter was for me . i am glad to send you the information required . 
first of all , i must state that i can only leave during the month of july owing to a job i got for august . after considering your accommodation offers , i'd rather stay in a log cabin if possible . i hope you have no doubt about my taste for camping , however , i admit i will appreciate a bit of comfort two weeks long . 
moreover , i must admit that the activities offered are really attractive so it's hard to make up my mind . on the one hand , i own a camera that i often use during my leisure time . even if the photographs taken are modest work , i am really interested in this activity . then , as low as my level of proficiency at basketball is , i have enjoyed playing this sport for fun for a long time . so it will be pleasant for me to practise do this activity . 
your letter indicates that the prize covers some costs . nevertheless i would like you to detail what i eventually need for this trip . 
yours sincerely 
what is obvious about our daily life at school is that it is hard to sum up all the different aspects it includes . therefore , the film will manage to be a success if it doesn't forget the main things that make our life . 
to my mind , the class attending a lesson must be shown first . it evokes addresses the reason for our presence here and it is a clich ; that cannot lack . a philosophy lesson seems quite appropriate in that the pupils take part in it . 
next , students during the break in the yard should be filmed . it would not only emphasize the sharp contrast between this and the classroom atmosphere but also show how they are as young people . students chatting , laughing , eating and even smoking must remain in the video . 
furthermore two moments could have a role . first of all , the arrival of every student , namely the picture of the school without anybody at first , and then with the crowd of students increasing gradually is typical of its life . then , the opposite situation , that is to say the portrayal of this crowd disappearing at the end of the day can provide a comparison . 
dear helen ryan , 
i have happily received your reply and i want to thank you for this marvellous prize you have given me . now to answer your questions , i can only travel in july because that's the only month of the year i can get out of working for more than two weeks . i would like a log cabin because i think you should provide me with good accommodation and not just a tent to sleep in , with no electricity or entertainment . i would like to play basketball and tennis . i am a regular basketball player . most of the time i play as a slammer and i do feel that i'm reasonably good at it . as to tennis i'm the best player in my whole school and , once , i got into the top 10 of my country's tennis players . 
i would like to ask you what type of clothes i should bring ? how much money should i bring ? would $200 be enough ? well that's all for now and i hope to hear from you soon . 
yours sincerely
basilio romero
dear kim , 
how are you ? i have just received your letter and let me tell you what you missed over here . you should have been here , it was amazing . the concert began at 8:00 p . m but my friends and i had to be there by 2:00 pm to help set up the stage . we started by putting up the lights . we had to climb up to 15m to put up those lights and afterwards the band didn't even use them . well , we also had to carry all the instruments up onto the stage and , believe me , that was the hardest bit of all . they were extremely heavy and there were a lot of them on the bus . after helping to do that and many other things , my friends and i watched the concert and before green day ( the group ) left , they came up to us an thanked us for all the hard work we did , and shook our hands . i'll never wash my hand again . well that's all the time i've got for you now . hope to hear from you soon . 
basilio romero
dear mrs . ryan , 
i'm writing to you in response to your letter . i was delighted to know that i won the first prize . 
with reference to the date , i can only go in july , as i'm going off on holiday in august , and i start university in september . the place i'd prefer to stay in is a log cabin , where i'm sure i'd feel more comfortable than in a tent . 
it's very nice of you to let me choose my favourite activities . the ones i'm most keen on are tennis , at which i think i'm pretty good since i took some classes last year , and painting , which is one of my favourite hobbies , and helps me to relax and forget about problems . i think i'm not bad at painting either ; at least everyone in my family likes my work , including myself . 
anyway , there are some questions i'd like to ask you: what kind of clothes would be the most suitable for california weather in summer , and how much money do you think i'll need ? 
i'm looking forward to hearing from you soon . 
yours sincerely , 
manela b . 
dear kim , 
i'm so sorry i haven't written until now , but you know i'm always very busy . 
as i told you in my last letter , last month i worked for a pop band , and helped them at a concert in barcelona . it was such a great experience ! 
basically my work was carrying the instruments , the speakers and the lights from the vans to the stage , which is not easy work because , as you can imagine , it's not exactly light stuff . 
but the most exciting part was meeting the band , mainly the singer and the drummer who are very nice and also good-looking . 
anyway , i had a lot of fun working for them . i hope they call me soon . i'd be the happiest girl in the world if i could see them again . . . 
i'd better stop now . i hope you write again soon . 
manela b . 
dear madam
i am very happy to win this prize and i am going to give you some information that you need from me to ensure that i have a good time at camp california . 
i would like to go only in july because i have had my holidays booked for that month since last january . 
if it is possible i want a log cabin for my accommodation because i have been suffering with my back since my childhood , therefore i need a comfortable place to sleep . 
i will be pleased to swim and paint when i am at the camp . i selected swimming because it is a cure for my backache and i have not practised done it since i started my new job five years ago . i also chose painting because i have never done it before . i would like to learn and moreover i want to do a relaxing activity . 
could you tell me approximately how much money i have to take for food , please ? 
yours faithfully . 
xavier fournier
how many times have we heard people complaining about shopping ? sometimes , they are happy to go shopping , but why ? therefore , shopping can be enjoyable but that is not always the case . 
shopping is enjoyable when you want to give something to someone . in fact you try to get a present to make the recipient happy . 
shopping is also good when you know what you want . for example if you want a new track suit you know that you have to go to a sports shop but if you don't know what you want you are going to waste your time in the shops . 
on the other hand , shopping can be unenjoyable . 
shopping is boring if you go with people who are too fussy . that is to say , they are never happy with what they get or see . they always find a problem . 
shopping is not enjoyable with people who just look around the shops . it is stupid . they do not have any goal . they waste their time . 
to conclude , i agree that shopping is not always enjoyable . even if i like to go shopping with some people and to some kinds of shops i will kill myself if i waste my time . 
dear sir/madam , 
i was very pleased to receive your letter which informed me of my winning the first prize in your competition , namely two weeks at camp california in the usa . 
to begin with , i would like to travel in july . this is the only possible time for me , as the school holiday starts on the 29th of june . and from august on i planned to do some part-time job in order to earn some pocket money . 
referring to the possibilities of accommodation , i'd prefer log cabins to tents . firstly , log cabins are more comfortable than tents . secondly , i do not like tents . last but not least , i always have backache after sleeping in a tent for a couple of days . 
as i have been asked to choose two activities i would like to do during my stay at the camp , i chose golf and singing . i have never played golf actually , but i would love to try something new . as for singing , i am very keen on singing as i take lessons in it . i just love singing . 
i would like to know whether there are some facilities for washing clothes . especially in summer , clothes get dirty very easily . 
lastly , does the prize include pocket money ? if not , i will have to bring some with me . is there a possibility of exchanging different currencies to us dollars ? i ask you to include the answer in your reply . 
i look forward to hearing from you at your earliest convenience . 
yours faithfully
mee-yon areum . 
shopping is not always enjoyable . 
when you think of shopping , it reminds you of going out ( mostly ) with friends , looking for new things like clothes , accessories etc . and buying them . it sounds nice and shopping is great fun - or it should be . 
nowadays shopping can be very stressful . it all starts with the search for an appropriate parking-space which can last annoyingly long , especially at weekends . 
nevertheless , the nightmare starts when you enter the shopping mall or the passage , which is terribly crowded . you cannot make a step without " touching " others . it gets enormously unbearable on hot summer days , when the temperature increases . in such a situation your friends or the people you are shopping with get lost very easily and looking for them can be very tiring . but the worst moment comes if you cannot find the thing you were looking for , because it is no longer trendy or because it is sold out . 
of course , shopping is not always so unpleasant , but sometimes it is simply better to stay at home . 
dear helen , 
i've just seen your letter and i'm really delighted to have won the first prize in your competition . 
i would like to travel in july because it's the only month i have two weeks' holiday during the summer . i would prefer to be in a log cabin because i feel unsafe staying in a tent . while i'm at the camp , i would like to play tennis and go swimming . i've done them for many years and i want to do both once a day . i'm very good at swimming and my level of proficiency is average at tennis . if possible , could you let me know what i'll need , for example what clothes i must take and how much i can expect to spend ? 
i'm excited to be going on holiday there and , thanks to you , i will realize a dream that i always wanted to do . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely
dear kim , i want to tell you about a good experience i had last month . i enjoyed helping at a pop concert and it was fabulous . at first , i helped them to carry the equipment and we fixed everything in the correct order . there were so many pieces that we spent a whole day preparing the stage . at the end , we had a beer and we talked together . i was astonished to see how friendly and funny they were and we became good friends . during the show , i was behind them and i could see the spectators shouting and jumping with their and up . it was unbelievable to think that i'd worked with stars and that they were my friends . it is difficult to explain what i particularly liked about my experience because the most memories are in my heart and i'd never thought that i could get on so well with a group of people whom i'd known only for a few days . 
if possible , i would like to introduce you to them . they are very nice guys . 
best wishes
dear miss ryan , 
with reference to your letter of the 13th of june i would like to thank you for the prize your organisation is offering me . 
i am pleased to provide you with the following information . 
since i am a student i have to follow the vacation programme of my school , which means that i would only be able to travel during the month of july . 
i would be grateful if you could book a tent for me at camp california because i am a nature lover and the idea of sleeping outdoors really makes me happy . concerning the activities , as a matter of fact tennis is my favourite sport and i am very keen on it . for the second activity i would like to enrol in surfing , because my husband , who is already a proficient surfer , keeps telling me about the excitement of this sport , and i think it is worthwhile trying , therefore i'd love to be in the beginners' group . 
i would like to know if you would be kind enough to send me some information on weather conditions for that month , the kind of currency i should take with me as well as the vaccination requirements . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you and thank you in advance for your help . 
yours faithfully
abril botella
benoni's school is a recognised school for tourism located in the heart of brussels , belgium . it offers a wide choice of courses from cooking , computing , make-up , languages , geography , to culture and civilization . students start their day at the gym , where they learn the importance of being fit , that is why i suggest filming this activity . once students have taken a shower after hard physical training they enter real life . depending on their levels of proficiency , they have to study for instance languages which i personally find very important for a person working in the tourism industry because they enable staff to communicate with clients in a proper way . students have to manage to speak at least three languages . another important lesson to film is " culture and civilization , " so people will know that the waitresses prepared trained at this school are not simply , as the french say , " pot-au-fleurs " , beautiful faces , but also well-read people . last but not least is the class called " know-how " , which shows students how to cope with unexpected problems even if they are stressed . i would also choose an outdoor lesson , " training " . the school works together with known companies in the industry , the as mariot hotel , air france , princess cruise , among others , in order to provide students with high quality high-quality training . 
dear mrs ryan , 
i have recently received your letter informing me that i have won a two-week holiday prize prize of a two-week holiday at camp california . enclosing the information you asked for , there are some points i want to point out . 
first of all , i will not have finished my university course until the end of june so i can only travel in july . i would prefer to stay in a tent rather than a log cabin . since i was a child , i have been interested in camping and sleeping in tents . 
if i can participate in swimming and photography groups , i will be grateful . i have been swimming for a club for 8 years and enjoy it a lot . i am afraid i am not good at photography but i want to improve . 
i need some more information about camp life and also i would like to know what i need to take with me . for example , how much pocket money will be enough and what kind of clothes i should wear . 
i hope to receive your reply soon . i am really looking forward to going to this camp . 
yours sincerely
subject: suggestions about lessons and activities which should be filmed . 
a - lessons
english
it is one of the most popular subjects in the school . also , because this video is their project , it should be filmed . 
drama
seeing that this is the first year of drama lessons , it is not very well known . also they are putting on their first play on the 2nd of july . part of the show could be filmed . 
maths
considering that the school's maths team won this year's city maths competition and is going on to the national schools' maths championship , it would be a good idea to film some of their training courses and also ordinary maths lessons which the majority of the students attend . 
b- social activities
to show life at the school we need not only lessons and exams , the video should also be included include the annual summer fete , the school's weekend trip which is on friday 7th of july , and also the dance which is organized on the last day of the school year . 
dear sir/madam , 
thank you for informing me that i have won the first prize in your competition of two weeks at camp california in the usa . i will be pleased to send the further information which you need . 
in addition , i would like to travel in july because my school will have finished that month so i will be able to go on holiday . and if it is possible , i would rather be accommodated in log cabins because i would not like to share the bathroom facilities with someone who i do not know well . thank you for asking me to choose from the list of activities . i am in the school swimming team and i am interested in photography professionally . therefore i would like to improve my skills and knowledge in these subjects during my holiday . could you please tell me what kind of clothes i should bring with me and whether the company offers us some expenses money to spend ? 
once again , thank you for sending me some information . i feel it will be the best holiday i have ever had . i look forward to hearing from you at your earliest convenience . 
yours faithfully
shopping is not always enjoyable
who does not like shopping ? perhaps it is just men or anybody who has a lack of time or if you are looking for something particular to buy and the shop has no variety . 
frankly , if i had a lot of money i would spend my entire life shopping . although i am someone who loves shopping , i cannot stand the easters , the christmas and sundays , because those days are suitable for anyone to consume the food , buy some presents etc . however , everyone prefers to do the same thing and at the same time . it leads to overcrowded shops , high-pitched noise , a lack of parking places and if you have to go shopping with a child , the whole thing is just about enough to drive you crazy . despite knowing the difficulty we do not avoid shopping on those days . on the other hand , some companies offer special services , such as sending your order by post or taking it on the telephone . it could be the way to avoid busy times or days . do not take your child with you ; choose the right shop which has a car park . 
dear helen ryan , 
i have received your letter: i was very glad to know that i have won two weeks at camp california . i have to take part in basketball competitions all year long , except during july , so that is the only month in which i can travel . i would be grateful if i could have the accommodation stay in a log cabin: i would prefer not to stay in a tent because of my height ; i am so tall that i could never stand up . i would like to play basketball because my trainer said that it would be advisable not to stop training during july . i can play basketball very well . i would be grateful if you could teach me to play golf . i have never tried this sport , so i can't play golf at all . 
would you mind sending me some information about the kind of clothes i will need ? i would like to know how much money you suggest bringing . i would be grateful to receive some information about the meals at the camp and i hope that it will not be a problem for you if i am a vegan . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you , 
yours sincerely , 
elena pabori
i think that if we want to show the good points of our typical school day , we should film the large number of sports activities that this school organises because students are compelled by them to come to school with enthusiasm . 
only those who get good marks can take part in these activities , so sports activities are seen as a prize , so while the students are playing basketball , tennis , volleyball . . . or they are swimming you can see satisfaction on their faces , and our volleyball team is excellent . it would be nice to film an ancient greek poetry lesson because the ancient greek teacher is very good at explaining; she is excellent at catching our attention and she wants everyone to tell the class the impressions and emotions they have reading saffo , alceo , alcmone . . . . 
in my opinion we should film a science lesson , so that our teacher , listening to her own statements could realise that they make no sense ! 
dear sir or madam , 
i have received your letter about the prize i have won in your competition . i would like to thank you and give some of the information you asked about me . 
re the time: i am a student and have examinations until the end of june . the only convenient time to travel is in july . i hope you can arrange this . 
re accommodation: i would like to stay in a log cabin . i have had sleeping and breathing problems in tents which were serious . i hope to avoid these this time . 
re activities: during the two weeks i would like to do tennis and swimming . i have regularly played tennis since i was nine years old and i have entered several competitions . swimming is another sport i learned when i was six . 
i have a few questions about the camp . are the meals free or do i have to pay for them ? do you have a choice of food ? i'm vegetarian and can't eat any milk products . what kind of clothes will i need ? are there any special clothes you suggest ? 
i'm looking forward to your reply . 
yours faithfully
dear kim , 
thank you for your letter . i'm glad to hear that you have found a job . i want to apologize for writing so late , but i had a lot of work to do . 
do you remember the concert i helped at ? it was absolutely amazing . my job was checking the entry tickets and the bags of the fans . we started at 7 pm to let them into the concert area . i had to tear off a part of every single ticket . this part had to be saved for later because the concert organiser wanted to know the exact number of visitors . after two hours of tearing tickets i changed my place and went to help at the security section . here , i had to check the bags and coats of the girls . fans weren't allowed to take any sharp things in with them , like knives or scissors . so i looked into every bag and found some forbidden things in some of the bags . i really felt like a security guard . 
it was a great experience . i had a serious duty and also a lot of fun . i met new people who i still see . i would like to introduce them to you . 
i look forward to hearing from you soon . 
love
hello , 
i'm so glad i won this prize , but i have some questions for you , and of course , the information you asked me for . 
well , first , i would like to travel only in july , because it's my holiday here in portugal . and if it's possible i would like to go after the 10th , because i've got some things to do . 
and for me , i think a tent would be better . i don't know why but i feel more comfortable . i think it's because the last time i travelled ( with my friends ) , we stayed in log cabins , and when i was sleeping i felt something moving on my skin , then i woke up frightened and when i opened my eyes , i saw lots of big ants ! after that day , i've never stayed in a log cabin . yeah , i think that's why ! 
about activities , i enjoy painting most , because i have been a plastic artist since i was nine and i've won lots of prizes with my art . and the other activity is singing . everybody says i have an excellent voice . i like to sing when i am painting too . it's so relaxing . is that enough ? 
i would like to ask what kind of clothes i should wear there ? and how much clothing ? a lot , or a little ? and what about money ? will i spend much ? if you could tell me about this , i'll be glad ! 
gratefully 
teresa j . pereira
dear tina , 
you won't believe what i'm going to tell you ! remember when i told you i helped someone important ? well , listen to this . 
i was walking down the main street looking for a gift shop ( i had to buy something for a friend , it was his birthday ) , when i found a beautiful store . i stopped in front of it and started looking at the window display ( outside ) , then i thought it was interesting and went in . suddenly , i saw a man with a cap covering his face . i tried to look again to see him better , because he seemed to be very handsome . and then he said , " if you promise me you won't go out of this store shouting and screaming and telling everyone that i'm here , i will take this cap off of my face . " i didn't know what to do . i was sure he was a robber , or even a murderer ! then i said , " ok , i promise ! " ( frightened , of course ) . carefully , he took off the cap . tina , guess who he was ? ricky martin ! ! can you believe it ! and there's more ! he asked me if i could help at his concert here in so rafael . because the store manager told him that i was the best hairdresser in the city ! and his hairdresser was sick , so he and his producers were looking for one . isn't that amazing ? i met all the staff , and ricky took lots of photographs with me and gave me an autographed record . tina , i'm the luckiest girl in the world , don't you think ? i'll send you some photos . 
love , 
teresa . 
dear mr. ryan , 
thank you very much for your letter . i was really amazed to have actually won first prize after years of unsuccessfully entering competitions ! 
in connection with the questions you asked , please find my answers as follows:
- i would prefer to travel in july as this is the only time i can take my annual leave . 
- as far as accommodation is concerned , i would prefer the log cabin due to the fact that i am not a teenager any more and crawling in and out of a tent has become awkward for me . 
- my choice of sports are swimming and tennis . swimming has always been my favourite sport and i can say that i have become an excellent swimmer over the years . tennis i only started four years ago , but have found that i am quite talented at it , having won several competitions during the last two years or so . 
please let me know if meals are included and if not what facilities are offered in the way of restaurants or self-catering . 
looking forward to hearing from you , 
i remain , 
yours sincerely
the book cry freedom by john briley is certainly one which will take its place in south african history . therefore , i think it is a historical document which will remain of interest and which will be read again and again , by non-south africans as well as south africans . 
generations of young south africans , black , white or brown , will be reminded of one of the worst times their country went through . steve biko and donald woods will be remembered always . steve biko for becoming a martyr to the black freedom movement of those dark years - a peaceful man who was caught up in the wiles of the apartheid regime , dying such a violent death . donald wood for literally jumping over his own shadow and risking his life and that of his family in the process of reporting the vile crimes of the sa . police force . in the end he had to leave the country of his birth to escape imprisonment . 
it is my firm belief that this book will remain a work of literature which will not lose its relevance in a world where people are hounded for their colour or religion . 
dear helen , 
thank you very much for your letter telling me about the first prize . it seems so exciting . i really look forward to taking part in camp california . 
i would like to travel in july because my examinations will be finished on june 15th . and i have a plan to go to visit my parents in bangkok , thailand , in the middle of august . so , i think july is the best time to go to the camp . in addition , the weather may be nice at that time of year . for accommodation , i would prefer tents because i am used to them . because i'm not good at sport , i will choose singing and photography as my activities . when i was studying at university i joined the photo club where i got the knowledge as well as a wide variety of know-how in taking photos . as i love singing and always spend my free time doing karaoke to practise , i think my singing is not too bad . 
i also have a couple of things to ask you . what type of clothes and how much money do i need to bring ? i would be delighted if you could advise me . 
yours sincerely , 
" shopping is not always enjoyable " . i strongly agree with this sentence . i used to go shopping a lot when i was at university . i was 19 years old but i spent over 200 pounds some weeks just to keep myself fashionable all the time . i bought lots of new , fashionable clothes , bags and shoes . for four years at university i never had any savings . 
now , i hate shopping because i spent a lot when i was young , as mentioned . so i came to the conclusion that shopping is a way to waste time and money . i found that it's not worthwhile when i went to the southern part of thailand 3 years ago where i met an old man and his little grandson . they were very poor . the money that i spent on shopping could have helped them a lot if i had not spent it already . his little grandson tried to help his grandfather , who was 70 years , old by working as a gardener after school , though he was only 10 years old . this thing told me shopping was not enjoyable any more . 
13 june 00
dear mrs ryan , 
i have been the happiest woman since i got your letter . i could not believe my eyes . this was the first competition which i took part in and i have won the first prize . it is incredible ! 
i would like to give you some information . first of all , i would like to travel on the 19th of july and come back on the 2nd of august , because i have to work until 19th of july . 
secondly , i would prefer to stay at camp california , because i have stayed in log cabins before and i didn't enjoy it . this time i want to try something different . 
i would also like to tell you about my free-time activities . i like painting and climbing . i am actually not so good at climbing , but i like the fear of risks and danger . my painting is not bad , but many people don't like the way i paint , because i use only a pencil . i am happy` , , because i will have the chance to do these two activities . 
finally , i would like to ask you if i should take a lot of clothes with me , because i do not know what is the weather what the weather is like there . my last question was is : how much money do i need ? i hope i have answered all your questions . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you soon . 
yours sincerely , 
shopping is not always enjoyable . 
if i had the choice , i would never go shopping in the big supermarkets . you can lose your way if you do not follow the signs , or you can't find the items that you want to buy . 
when i was at the supermarket last week , i suddenly decided not to buy from a supermarket at all . first of all , you need a lot of time , because the shop is so big . secondly , you have a lot of choices and you do not know what to buy . lastly , there is a recycling problem , which many people do not care about . you buy a lot of items without thinking where so much rubbish should go . i think a lot about this issue , and sometimes i do not even want to use water , although i should . i think i am too sensible . 
i prefer to go to street markets . you can ask about the quality and prices and get immediately an answer an answer immediately . 
in my opinion , small shops and the markets outside street street markets should be supported . on the other hand , the big supermarkets should think more about the recycling problem , which will be the most important problem in the near future . 
mrs ryan , 
it was a real joy to receive your letter and i still can't believe it . in answer to your letter , you will find below the information you need . 
i start my first job on august 1st , that's why i must travel in july . i can't change the date of employment i start work because i signed the contract a month ago . i hope that will not cause problems to you cause you problems . 
regarding accommodation , i would prefer to have a log cabin . it would be better to leave money or anything in without worrying about theft . i've always dreamed about climbing but i have never had the opportunity to try this sport . when i saw that you offer this sport , i was really excited . so i choose climbing as a beginner . for the second activity , i will choose sailing . i've been sailing for more than ten years and i really enjoy it . moreover i have been a sailing teacher on summers the past few years . 
does camp california provide all the clothes for sailing ? do i need to bring any money from home ? or can i withdraw some at camp california ? 
thank you very much . 
g morin
life at school is made of several things . first , lessons are the most important part of what school wants to provide us with . but there are also a lot of clubs and activities that form part of the daily life of pupils . that's why they both have to be taken into account in the video we will make . 
the most interesting lessons for pupils are lessons in which they can do something real , concrete . for example , the lessons of engineering or physics engineering or physics lessons are very interesting , especially the practical work . it would be great if we showed these in our film . it might also be very interesting to watch it . 
as for other activities , we could probably show a training one of our sports teams one of our sports teams training . for example , the basketball team which has won the student regional title ( we can also say that ) or the football team . after all , it is not important which one we will show , but i think we must create a good picture of the school through sport . 
dear ms helen ryan , 
thank you for the letter . it sounds great . i can't believe it but i'm really pleased to hear that i won first prize . 
firstly , i can travel only in july because i'm studying at college until the end of june and in august i'm travelling to greece for one month . 
secondly , i would like to stay in log cabins because it would be more spacious and comfortable than tents . 
i'll tell you the two activities i chose . i would like to play tennis and swim . i belong to a tennis club and it is my favourite sport . i sometimes have a match with friends . i go swimming once a week . i like swimming because i can relax in water . 
lastly , could i ask you something ? what is the weather like in california ? do i need clothes with long sleeves ? how much money should i bring ? can i change money into us dollars there ? 
i'm looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely , 
'shopping is not always enjoyable . '
is it true or not ? 
generally , women like shopping . they like looking for fashionable clothes , bags , shoes and so on . in the bargain season , all shops are full of people who are keen on finding stuff which is good value for money . you can see battles between two people who want the same thing sometimes . the most interesting thing is that many men are waiting for their wives or girlfriends outside the shop during shopping . they don't fancy going into the crowded shop . it is very boring and tiring to be kept waiting . 
for the women , too . if they can't find things which they expected , they go there only to get tired . 
shopping is enjoyable when you find exactly what you want in a calm shop but not always . 
dear mrs helen ryan;
i received your letter congratulating me for having won the first prize in your competition . i am very grateful and i want to thank you very much for letting me go on this trip . 
i think it is very kind of you to ask me what my preferences are regarding the trip . i ought to let you know that i can only travel in the second week of july , because that is when my winter holidays start . to answer another of your questions , i am more likely to want to stay in a log cabin , considering that i will be two weeks in the camp . they are much more comfortable than tents . 
while i am at the camp i would love sailing and climbing . i have not done either of these activities before , but now that i have the chance i want to take advantage of it . i would be very glad if you could let me know what kind of clothes i should take , and how much money you think i will need to bring with me . 
i want to thank you again for letting me have this unique experience . looking forward to hearing from you soon . 
dear kim; how are you ? it's been a long time since i last wrote to you . anyways , do you remember my last e-mail , where i told you that i was going to help at a pop concert . well , i'm going to tell you about that awesome experience . the band played at my school so we could raise money for our graduation trip . i asked them if they could play at our school and they told me it would be 350 pounds . " the moicznos " are so popular that we sold every ticket and ended up winning making 2000 pounds . apart from calling them , i also helped build the stage , and took care of the lights . after the concert the whole class helped clean up the mess the people left . i can tell you that it was a wonderful experience . what i liked the most about it is not the fact that we raised a lot of money , but that we enjoyed an amazing show in which i took an active part . the band thanked me very much for calling them and having everything so well organized . i hope you liked reading my story . hope to hear from you soon . love , 
dear mrs ryan , 
i am delighted to reply to give you more information about me since i have won such a nice prize . 
as i have already planned my holiday for august , i will only be available in july , after my exams . 
it would be nice to have a tent because i have never been camping and would like to try it , at least once . 
the list of activities that you have is very interesting so my choice was very difficult to make but i have finally decided to choose sailing because i have been sailing for five years now and enjoy it very much . my second choice is climbing because i have never climbed and would like to have a go at it . 
i do not have any idea of what the weather is like and what kind of clothes i should take . also , i would like to know if it is better to exchange my money in england or in the usa . 
i hope you will be able to answer these questions . 
yours sincerely
like most of the girls , i enjoy shopping but it can be either a great event or a nightmare . 
what you expect when you go shopping , generally with a friend or two , is to wander around and to look at everything . having money and being able to spend it on anything you want is brilliant therefore you try to turn it into an enjoyable experience . 
the nightmare starts when you find out that the items you like the most are also the most expensive . then , you decide to wait for the sales but they are even worse as everybody wants to do their shopping at that time and the streets are so crowded you cannot even look for your favourite items . 
you are hot in the shops , feel annoyed and most of the time cannot find anything you want . 
to conclude , i would say that to have a nice time shopping you had better save a lot of money and buy something as soon as you see it or be very patient . 
dear helen ryan , 
i was grateful for your message . i can gladly give you some information which you need . 
i would be able to travel only in july because i have a job at the moment , but it will be my vacation in july . i would prefer to be in tents , so that i can enjoy a natural life more than being in log cabins . moreover , it would be more exciting for me . 
it could be nice to do two activities while i am at the camp . i am interested in sports . in particular , i am brilliant at swimming . i have swum since i was in primary school . i would like to learn to play golf at the camp . i have never played golf in my life . is it possible to learn to play golf , although i am not good at golf ? 
would you mind giving some answers about whether i need some clothes and money at the camp ? 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely , 
dear kim , 
i'm sorry that i haven't written to you for a long time . it was nice you wanted to hear about my experience , and i know you're looking for a job which i did . 
it was a wonderful opportunity for me . as you know , i love music . before the concert started , i cleaned the stage for the singers and i gave some drinks to the singers . finally , i cleaned the stage again . my work was for the singers , so i could meet singers and talk with them . 
do you know " radio head " ? it is my favourite group . i was able to have some autographs from them . it's brilliant , isn't it ? 
in particular , i liked cleaning the stage , because i could stand on a famous singer's stage and i could feel his enthusiasm , even though i had to clean it . 
i want to hear about your school life , and your part-time job . 
i'm looking forward to hearing from you . 
best wishes , 
dear mrs smith , 
i am sad to read about richard not being well . i hope that he will recover soon and that he will make it to our conference . 
as far as the organisation is concerned , an adequate number of double rooms with shower or bath have been booked for your group at the palace hotel , located across the main street from the train station . to come to our college , you can either walk downhill to the lakeside ( about 10 mins ) or take the new cable car from the train station . the college is just steps away from the bottom end . 
the end-of-conference party will take place on a boat cruising on the lake . it will start with a speech from the director of the conference , followed by a meal . the recreational part will begin at 10 pm with a short musical comedy performed by some of our students and end with fireworks launched from the roof of the college at 2 am . as nights may be cold at this time of the year , may i suggest that you take with you a pullover . apart of apart from that , there is no recommendation as to what to wear . 
depending on the interests of your students , i would suggest that you visit the internet site of the tourist office: www . neuchatel . ch . 
yours sincerely
' where are you ? ' is very often the first question that you will be asked when answering the phone . why ? because somebody has invented the most popular communication device ever . 
the mobile phone . 
once heavy , expensive and not reliable , the new mobile phone fits in almost any pocket and is given away by the operator to attract new customers . 
due to the mobile phone , communication has changed , not improved . 
of course it allows us to be reached everywhere ( even in places you wouldn't want ) . for rescue teams , it is a great help . but isn't it a handicap outside professional life ? shouldn't people communicate with those they are next to instead of calling someone 2 miles away ? it is not rare to see two people walking side by side , both talking on the phone . wouldn't it be better to prepare the shopping list instead of dialling home to ask which salad to buy ? 
the mobile phone is a marvellous invention , but as with cigarettes , we should write on it : 
caution: use of this device may damage your brain . 
dear mrs smith
i am writing to reply to the letter you wrote to me on 10 june . 
firstly , i would like to tell you that the group has been booked into the palace hotel , which is located beside the congress house in the centre . you can make contact with mrs brackenbury using the number 06 8793888 . secondly , the best way to get from the hotel to the conference is to take the bus , which has been specially organized by us . the bus leaves at 8:00 every morning and gets back to the hotel at 6 o'clock in the evening . of course there's also a number 8 bus , in front of the hotel , which is also suitable , but it leaves only every half an hour . 
the end-of-conference party , which will be in the evening on 20 june , is going to be held on the coast . beside the barbecue , there will be some well-known student bands from our country are playing playing music through the whole night . what's more is that there's a latin music band coming to make the party more colourful . it will play from 10:00 to 11:00 , while the students can enjoy it with dancing . the main events of the party will be at about 12:30 in the night . as you see , what to wear is just something casual . 
finally , on the last afternoon , we could visit the museums and markets ( we have a very interesting robot-market ) . basically it's free time for the students to look round here by themselves . 
i hope your questions are have been answered appropriately . 
i'm looking forward to seeing you at the conference . 
yours sincerely , 
computer life
nowadays computers can be found in almost every corner , in offices , in shops . even in cars and washing machines there're computer chips there're even computer chips in cars and washing machines . how have computers affected our life ? 
first of all , the efficiency of society has been improved . when shopping , we don't need to wait for the cashier to take every article's note by hand . when booking an a flight , we can just make a phone call to any agency , and get it done in one minute . secondly , instead of looking up tons of books to get the information that we need , we can very easily search for it on the internet or on the local network . it's very often heard that someone who has a rare illness has has had an operation at a foreign institute which he found via the internet . moreover , with computer networks , it is possible for people to work from home , making projects , controlling operations or having conferences . lastly the way of communications has also been changed also changed . instead of traditional telecommunications , we can talk by , e-mail or even see each other with the help of a computer network . 
of course there're also some aspects in which computer technology needs to be improved . for example , reading on the screen is still not as comfortable as reading on paper . a very important and severe problem is reliability and security . so far , to completely rely on computers is still somehow not safe enough it is still somehow not safe enough to completely rely on computers . 
in conclusion , computers have become a necessity in our life , and it's still a young invention , which needs to be improved . 
dear maria
first at all , i am sorry about richard's illness . please remember me to him and give him my best wishes . concerning your request , i'm going to give you all the information that i think you will need . however , you can call me if you consider it necessary . ( my phone number is 2496 9731 . ) 
your group has been booked into the palace hotel . because it is a well-known hotel it should be easy to find it . moreover , it is really well located so it will allow you to move around the city without any problem . more importantly the conference is going to take place in the exhibition centre , which is located only five minutes' walk from the hotel . 
we haven't asked for any special clothes so i would wear casual and comfortable clothes , although you can come well dressed , if you feel better that way . after the conference we are going to have an informal dinner with a previous snack time in order to introduce ourselves to each other . 
finally , in my opinion , you should visit the art gallery . it will take you two or three hours but it's a gorgeous place . i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely , 
" sagrada familia " , a real holy building . 
if you are looking for a special building in barcelona , which you will like whatever your tastes are , you should visit the " sagrada familia " . among the large number of choices , this unfinished church offers a gorgeous view from the top of its towers , a charming story and one of the most representative examples of catalonian modernist art . 
gaudi conceived of this church in 1912 , though it wasn't until 1920 they started to build it . since the beginning the work has been interrupted at different times and started again . after gaudi's death it was critical stop which was fortunately solved three years later . nowadays , hard work is being done in order to finish it as soon as possible . 
the visitor can wander around the whole building or follow a guided tour . there is an exhibition room where maps and plans can be consulted . and , unless you suffer from a heart problem , you should climb the 350 steps which carry you to the top . there you can enjoy a terrific view . not only will you see almost all the city but also you will discover another perspective of this magnificent building . 
dear mrs smith
as you know , i am in charge of organising the conference in my college . do not worry if richard did not leave you all the information . i am pleased to help you . 
we looked at every hotel in town , trying to give you the best offer . we found two good hotels and we decided on the palace hotel . this has the best price that we could find . on the conference day our school driver is going to pick you up at the hotel and take you to the conference . 
the party is going to be in a local discotheque near the college so the best way to get there is to walk . you do not have to wear any special kind of clothes but in my opinion you can wear very casual clothes . 
finally , on the last day i suggest you go to the mall where you can enjoy shopping and looking around . 
yours sincerely , 
introduction
the aim of this report is to recommend you to visit the fuerte de san diego museum . this is a historical building . i asked some people in town and this was the best place to choose . 
history
the fuerte de sandiego museum was built at the time when the spanish people were trying to take all the lands from mexico , one of the most important people who was at front of the fuerte was hernon cortez , the first spanish in have more lands than anyone at that time . 
place
the museum is situated in front of the sea in the centre of acapulco . it is situated on the top of a little mountain in the " old " part of the city . you are able to get there by car or on foot and see everything which was made at that time . 
conclusion
on the whole , this is the best building in acapulco for its history and reputation . it is the best place to go and it is easy to get there . 
dear mrs maria smith , 
as the leader of the conference-organisation , i'm glad if i can help you . my hope is that nothing goes wrong . so you have to know more details about our conference . 
your hotel is called palace hotel and it is located in the city centre . as far as i know , this hotel is very comfortable . there is also a subway-station near palace hotel . our college is not very far away . you only have to take the subway-train . after three stations you have arrived at brooklyn street . when you come out of the subway you see our college . 
the conference starts at 6 o'clock and ends at 8 o'clock . the students have prepared a music programme for the end-of-conference party . there will also be an international buffet . so don't eat too much before you come . and please don't worry about clothes . there are not any rules . 
in our city there is a big adventure swimming park . i think you should visit water world on your last day . you will have a lot of fun , i can tell you . if you need any further information please call me . my number is: 793354
yours faithfully , 
the telephone is a very important invention , which has affected our lives . it is a way for people to communicate although they are in two different places . people use the telephone every day and it is one of the most important things in daily life . 
in my opinion people need a telephone . for example a telephone is very important in professional life . nowadays , there are no companies which do not have a telephone . also it is good for people's safety . you can call the police if you are in danger or the ambulance if you are injured . 
people also use the telephone in their personal life . for example , when you want to talk to your family or to your friends who live far away . another aspect is that people have more time if they have a telephone . they are able to give and receive information very quickly . 
this invention has made our lives easier and quicker . the telephone has also made my own life easy and quick . it makes something possible you cannot do . finally , i would say that the telephone is very efficient for people . 
dear mrs smith , 
i am writing to reply to your letter and to give answers to your questions . 
the group has been booked into the palace hotel , a five star hotel , which offers many facilities . it is famous for its friendly staff and comfortable rooms . the students can get there on the no 35 bus . they must get on the bus from the city centre and get off after five stops at palace station . the hotel is opposite the station . 
at the end of the conference , the college , in which the conference will be held , gives a party for all the students . they will be offered light food , like sandwiches , pommes frites , chips , sweets and different drinks - no alcohol . there will be live music and the students can dance and enjoy themselves . it would be better to wear casual clothes , because they are more comfortable and are liked by students . 
on the last day , the students can enjoy a sightseeing tour around the city , which can be arranged if the students want to . the group can also visit the zoo , the opera or stay and relax in the college's enormous garden and enjoy the scenery . 
do not hesitate to contact me if you require further information . i am looking forward to seeing you . 
yours sincerely , 
to: group leader of american students
from:
subject: an interesting building to visit
here is information about the castle in nyremberg
location: the castle is in the city centre near an enormous church . you can get to the city centre on the no . 456 bus and then go on foot to the castle . 
service: it is over 100 years old but it is kept in good condition by the local people , who are proud of this castle . 
activities: at the time of the year you will visit nyremberg , in the castle are taking place many theatrical plays or concerts many theatrical plays or concerts are taking place in the castle . 
view: from the castle you can have a wonderful view of the whole town , especially at night when all the lights are on . it is a different experience . 
history: at the castle there are always a few guides , who will show someone around and tell him about the history of the castle ( when it was built , by whom and why ) , which makes everyone enthusiastic . 
recommendation
i recommend visiting this castle , because it is interesting , marvellous and something different . it is the favourite place of all the tourists who visit nyremberg . nyremberg is also famous for this castle and the students will have a different experience and a lesson too . by the way , you can visit the
dear mrs smith , 
i am writing with reference to your last letter concerning the international student conference in our college . i will give you the information you have requested . 
first of all , we have booked the palace hotel for your group . this hotel is quiet and near the conference building . however , i would suggest going by bus from the hotel to the conference because this is the most convenient form of transport . furthermore , as usual , we will organise a party at the end of the conference , therefore , it would be great if your students wore a suit ( for a man ) or a skirt ( for a woman ) . furthermore , this party will be in your hotel as in the previous years . finally , there are a lot of museum museums in our town . therefore , i would suggest going to the frogs museum , which is really fascinating . 
don't hesitate to contact me if you need any further information . 
yours sincerely , 
from:
for: the group leader . 
subject: aboriginal art museum . 
the aim of this report is to describe the biggest building of our town . i am in a position to choose a good building which students like myself are interested in . 
a ) this museum exhibits more than 200000 original art pictures . 
b ) the building was built in 1999 . therefore , it is an example of modern architecture . 
c ) this building is as high as the eiffel tower in paris . 
d ) this building includes 30 toilets , 500 , 000 lights , and also 100 people who can help you if you need any information . 
i would suggest this place because it is interesting to discover the oldest civilisation in the world in one of the most modern buildings . 
dear mrs smith , 
i received your letter this morning and i would like to thank you for your interest in the conference . i hope i can answer your questions . 
first , this international student conference has the aim of explaining to students how important is education education is . in addition to this , we have chosen the luxury palace hotel , which is comfortable enough and in a good location . the palace hotel is located in the centre of the city , so you can come by train , by bus or by car . i suggest you should go by train and get off at museum station . the conference will be held in the hotel , which is so much easier . 
the conference , not being modest , is quite well organized . it will start at eight in the morning and will finish around five in the afternoon . i suggest you should wear something informal . even though we want to make things as comfortable as possible for our students . 
i am very happy that you want to know about my area , although i am afraid an afternoon is not enough . however , if you want , you can call me and i can show you some interesting places . i will be very glad . i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely , 
affecting our lives 
cars , boats , motorbikes , airplanes: who has never used them once ? this is a good question . the people people seem always always seem to be running and the fastest of these inventions is certainly the airplane . 
at first , when santos dummont invented the airplane , he probably didn't think how people could transform his creation . in this world , where the nations fight to be the best one couldn't be different , the airplane became the most important thing in the war . unfortunately , it was used to kill a lot of people . 
however , the invention of the airplane has brought us some facilities . how could a person go from brazil to australia without it ? maybe by boat , but it could take too long ! the best way is definitely by air . with this invention travel around the world is so much easier . now , we have to say thanks and congratulate all the inventors who invented facility things for us . 
so , the airplane is definitely an important invention , because it has changed people's lives in wars . now , it is important in the transport of thousands and thousands of people around the world . let's congratulate santos dummont ! 
dear mrs smith
thank you for your letter . of course i will give you some more details about the student conference . 
first of all the hotel richard brown has been looked has looked at is the palace hotel . it's located close to the main train station in our town . it is quite near the conference building . there will be extra bus extra buses to get there . the bus will pick you up right at your hotel entry entrance . the end-of-conference party will be a small dinner for all the students . you do not have to wear special clothes , just wear what you always wear . if you take your uniform with you it would be pleasant to leave it at the hotel and wear something else . 
there are many things you could do for this short time on the last day . you could visit our famous museum of art or go for a walk along the lakeside . if you want to do something for fun or entertainment , go bowling . 
if you have any further questions , just let me know . 
yours sincerely
our church is a very famous building in our country . it is eighty metres long and its tower is forty five forty-five metres tall . on the top of the tower it has a huge clock on each side . the tower is red and the church itself is painted white . in the church are many expensive drawings . there is space for about five hundred people . the church was built in 1385 . it was rebuilt in 1948 because of the second world war , when it had been damaged . the church is located in a place where you can see the whole rigi mountain chain . visit our church because it is one of the most famous churches in our country . it has an interesting past . the tower is absolutely marvellous . you can walk to the top of the tower and it gives you a beautiful view . if you want to visit the church , there will be a special guide who will show you all the things and answer your questions . the entry entry is free . 
dear mrs smith , hello maria . in this letter you will get all the information that you need . 
the hotel that group has been booked into is the palace hotel ( in on the victoria road ) . and you can catch the bus in front of the hotel to go to the college . it is four bus stops away . then walk straight ahead for five minutes . you will see the college . 
after the party , we will go to an entertainment area to have fun and we will eat in mc'donalds . the rest you already know . i suggest wearing shirts and jeans . 
and the last three hours before you return , we can go to the " imax " cinema to watch a 3-d film ! afterwards we will eat in the kfc . then we will all take you and the students to the airport . that's everything . i wait you . 
yours sincerely 
madrid is a big city and has many interesting places . but the best place for me is " la vaguada " , an entertainment and commercial building . 
in there , students can have fun in the recreation areas , can watch a film and eat all kinds of food and go shopping . we can have fun as well . and that's why i recommend this place to you . 
the building itself is a large building . it is very safe as there are policemen and cameras . the building seems to be very new but it is quite old . people love this place and called it " madrid two " . 
around it , there are many restaurants and shops as the building brings attracts a lot of people . inside , there are fast-food restaurants and shops as well . and it is easy to get to . just take the 83 bus or the subway . in here , you can find everything that you want . hope you like it . 
12 june 2001 . 
dear maria smith , 
i received your letter and i'm happy to help you . we booked the palace hotel for your group . it's nice and quiet . i'm sure you'll be fine here . we chose the palace hotel because it's near our college , too . so you are going to get to the conference in a few minutes . when you go out of the hotel turn right and go straight on ; turn right again at the first crossroads . at the end of this street you can see our college on your left . it's a green building . at the end-of-conference party there'll be something to eat and to drink . in the big room where we'll have the party , there'll be some pictures of our college . you'll see all the generations who passed through here . the clothes clothes aren't very important , but it'll be fine if the people wear something different from the usual jeans . 
here we have a lot of great things to do , but the best you can do in about three hours is visit the art museum . 
we are all looking forward to seeing your group . 
yours sincerely , 
television
what would our world be without television ? it isn't easy to give an answer to this question . television is an important invention . it has given us a better means of communication . this animated box can give us a lot of information from all around the world . 
television has affected the " all days life , , , too . we can spend a lot of time enjoying ourselves with some programmes , all that we have to do is watch . and we like that , because it's easier doing nothing than engaging ourselves in something that makes us do something . 
so television can be a positive or a negative invention . it depends on what use we want to make of this box . 
now we should be able to answer the introducing question . no , i don't think so . television has become so important for us that we can't think imagine that it couldn't exist . 
dear mrs smith
i am writing to answer your letter about the details of the international students conference . 
the palace hotel has been booked and you should first walk from the hotel to the town hall railway station , which is on the north city line , which is the yellow line on the map . after getting on the train , you should get off at the mountain station , which is twenty minutes away , it . it is opposite the conference venue . 
the conference which , will be held from 1 pm through 4 pm , is a formal party . you should wear formal clothes , and are going to play a game and enjoy a welcome drink together . 
before catching our plane , we will be able to enjoy going shopping around the airport for three hours in the afternoon , because there are so many unique shops and you should buy good gifts for your parents
yours sincerely , 
dear mr wolf
i am writing to answer your question about an interesting building to visit . i would like to introduce one building in my town . 
" sky heaven " , which is the name of the building , is fifteen minutes from the centre of my town . this building has a hundred floors and it takes five minutes to go from the ground to the top in the elevator . there are many attractions such as a museum , an exhibition and many gift shops where we might also enjoy going shopping . 
the reason for my recommendation is that sky heaven is the tallest building in the world . you should go to the top of the building and enjoy an amazing view . another reason is that there is a good museum , which tells you about the history of my town so easily and clearly . it will be a good experience for your students . 
i hope you will accept my recommendation and am looking forward to hearing from you soon . 
yours sincerely , 
dear mrs smith , 
i am glad to help you with the organisation of the international student conference . 
the group has been booked into the palace hotel , and the best way to get from there to the conference is by tube . the location of the conference is then five minutes by foot . 
at the end of conference end of the conference there is a party , where we can eat something , dance and speak to each other about the conference . 
for the party i suggest you wear classic clothes; maybe something black and not red or pink . i am going to wear classic black trousers and a white jersey - it might be that this information gives you some idea too . 
on the last day we are going to have about three hours' free time . what do you think about going to the arts museum ? or we could go to hear a classic concert near the conference buildings . 
i hope that i have been able to give you some help . and i am looking forward to seeing you at the conference . 
yours sincerely , 
dear morgan , 
i am writing a report , in which i will describe for you the most important building in my town . 
the most important building of biasco is the , , casa cavalier pellanda " . it is the big old house of a rich lord in the middle of the town . in this house there is a big museum , where you can learn about the history of biasco . 
under the museum there is a big dark place , where the wine is produced . your american students could learn how the , , meriot ticinese " is produced and why it is so famous in tiano . i think that these suggestions could interest your students also . also biasco , with its , , casa cavalier pellanda " , is the middle point of two tailes - leventina and blenio - and the middle point of two similar but also different cultures too . 
i hope that this information will encourage you to visit biasco and its , , house " . 
yours sincerely , 
dear mrs maria smith , 
i am sorry to hear that richard brown isn't well and hope he'll get better soon . i am more than happy to give you the necessary information . 
your group has been booked into the palace hotel , which is only 2 miles away from our college . the college will arrange for a mini-bus to come and pick you up every morning at 8:45 , so you can arrive at the college around 9 o'clock and have some time before the conference starts at 9:15 . the reason we don't suggest you take a walk walk from your hotel is that you'd have to walk through a large building site which is not going to be suitable for a group of 20 students . 
as you already know , we are going to have an end-of-conference party where the head of the college will give a short speech at the beginning , then there will be a buffet and a disco . you don't need to dress up smartly but please , make sure that your students don't wear shorts or trainers . 
regarding what you could do in your free afternoon on the day you leave i would suggest you take the students to our history museum . it's not very big but it has got some amazing information about the history of our town and their people . there is also a gift shop in there , where your boys and girls can buy some souvenirs for their families and friends . 
i hope i've answered all your questions but if you need any more information , please let me know . 
i am looking forward to seeing you all soon . 
best regards , 
in my personal opinion one of the most important and useful things which has been invented is the car . cars play a big part in our life . everywhere you look you can see cars . more and more people are learning how to drive and choosing to travel by car , because it saves a lot of time compare compared to travelling by public transport . cars are also more reliable than other types of transport . you don't have to wait at a bus stop in cold and windy weather for a late bus , or be stuck on a train for an hour due to some track repairs . you can just jump into a car , tune your radio to your favourite station and have a pleasant drive to your destination . 
cars are even more important for emergency situations such as a fire in a house or if somebody is critically ill . could you imagine if our police , doctors or fire-fighters had to get somewhere quickly on foot ? i don't think i need to comment on this . 
from my personal experience i realised how it's important to drive a car when i was living in johanesburg in south africa . i arrived there with my family when my daughter was only 4 months old and i couldn't drive at that time . johanesburg is a very dangerous place to live . i couldn't just go for a walk , it was too dangerous . there was no public transport and i had to stay in the complex where we lived most of the time , and rely on other people to take me to a shop or the doctors or anywhere else . there i soon realised that i had to learn how to drive if i wanted some quality of life for my daughter and myself . 
since i passed my driving test i cannot understand how i used to live without a car before . i use my car every day everywhere i go and i absolutely love it ! 
12th june 2001
dear mrs smith , 
i am writing to give you some information about an international student conference . 
first of all , the hotel which the group has been booked into is the princes hotel . it is very near york railway station , from which you can get there easily . by rail: get off at york station and you can walk from the station . turn left and the hotel is on your left-hand side . by bus: most of the buses in york city centre pass the station , or you can take a taxi . 
secondly , the conference is a very important event for all of us . we agree to wear formal dress . for example , men should wear suits , ties and so on . in addition , at the end-of-conference party , we also have a country dancing show . it could be very special because all the dancers are from our group . 
finally , on the last day we have an afternoon free . it would be great if we could go for a walk around the city of york and visit the historic buildings . if you could think of any other ideas it that would be very kind of you . i will be pleased if my idea and all this information can help you . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely , 
inventions have affected all our lives ! 
nowadays , a lot of things are invented and make our lives more convenient than in the old days . a car is one of the inventions which are very useful . 
i think a car is very important to me because it's very convenient for everyday life . for example , i can travel to a lot of places in the u . k . especially since i live in whitwell-on-the-hill ( a village near malton in north yorkshire ) . can you imagine how i could go shopping , go to college and so on if i hadn't got a car ? 
in fact , there are buses ( number 843 and 845 ) which go past my village but the bus fares are very expensive for me . apart from that it takes a long time to go somewhere . 
the car has significantly affected my life . i can go anywhere by car a lot quicker than by using public transport . i can listen to the radio and sometimes can listen to thai music , as i brought some cassettes with me from thailand . i took a driving-theory test last october and i passed it and i will take a practical driving test very soon . i think i have to drive the car myself , so that i will know more about the advantages of using a car . 
in conclusion , i think a car is very important to me and it has affected my own life . if i had more money i would buy another car . i think it has more advantages than disadvantages . so , we should say many thanks to the person who invented the car ! 
dear mrs smith
it was such a pleasure to receive your letter , and we will be extremely glad to see you at the conference we have been organising . let me give you some further information concerning the event . 
firstly i would like to inform you about the hotel we have already booked for you . it is called the palace hotel , and we hope that it is going to meet your expectations . the conference is not too far from your hotel . i strongly recommend you to use public transport in order to get there , because you may find other types of transportation quite expensive . 
moreover , you must be aware of the fact that the conference is going to last two hours , until 10:00 pm . after that our college has organised a barbecue night , with traditional local music that you must not miss . you don't need to wear formal clothes , just everyday clothes . 
finally , i am aware of the fact that on the last day you have some hours free before you catch your plane . don't miss the chance to visit our famous tourist attractions . there is also a huge shopping centre where you can buy some souvenirs or taste some of our traditional food . 
i hope that you will find my information helpful . 
i am looking forward to seeing you . 
yours sincerely 
the historical museum
welcome to athens ! ! without any doubt , it is a historical place which provides its visitors with the opportunity to discover different aspects of greek history during the passing of the centuries . 
don't miss the chance to visit the historical museum , located in the heart of the capital city . a traditional building which was built at the beginning of the century , the historical museum is simply a symbol , a proof of what the greek greeks have always considered as a fundamental principle : their freedom . there are five different floors , each of them presents a different chronological period of greek history , starting from the period before the birth of jesus and concluding with the revolution of 1967 . the museum provides the visitor with the opportunity to see original pieces of writing , famous paintings having as their main subject the revolution of 1821 , and aspects of the greek religion that have always been considered to be a vital part of greek history . there is a small entry fee . inside the museum there is a bookshop with a large variety of historical books , maps etc . 
if you really want to discover what greek history means , we strongly recommend you to visit the historical museum ! ! ! 
dear maria smith , 
thank you for your letter and i will try to help you . i must remind you that the international student conference will be next month on the first of july . 
the hotel that we booked is the palace hotel , which is near the bus station . when you are in the bus station you will catch bus number 37 , which will go to the town centre . from there you will walk to the college because it is easier to get there that way than to get another bus . anyway the college is the first road on your right from the town centre . 
after the conference some food and drink will be available in the sport center sports center sports centre , which is well equipped for disco discos . our party has a special theme : 'western' . so we suggest wearing cowboy-style clothes . 
on your last day you could go to the sport-museum sport museum sports museum , which is great and famous around the world , or just go for a walk around reconvillier park . 
i hope that i have answered all of your questions and that the conference will be great . 
yours sincerely . 
from:
to: the group leader
subject: old roman school . 
introduction: i am writing to describe you about the location , the architecture describe the location and architecture for you and tell the story of the old roman school of courtelary . i hope that you will go there with your group because it has a lot of beautiful things to see . it is the only old roman school in the world . 
location: courtelary is situated in switzerland and the school is on the top of the town's hill . this place is very important because it is there that an emperor grew up . 
architecture: it is a typical from this epoch with beautiful drawing on the wall and first kind of writing in the sports centre . the door is enormous because for them the entrance was very important . 
history: it all began when ogus micius said that romans needed to go to school . they decided to build more schools , especially in switzerland because the people there were considered clever . during the second world war all the schools were demolished and only ours is left . 
conclusion: i have given you a lot of reasons to go to this building and i hope you will enjoy your trip to my town . 
dear mrs maria smith , 
thank you for your letter . 
i am writing to answer your question . 
firstly , i have already booked the palace hotel for the students . that is the hotel near my college . it takes five minutes to get to my college on foot . i will copy the map around the college . 
secondly , i will tell you about the end-of-conference party . it will start at six o'clock . the party will be held in the dining room . the people who will attend the party include many professors , semi-professors and faculties . so i suggest that the students should wear formal clothes . 
finally , i will give you some ideas for an afternoon free time . the city in which there is my college is traditional in my country . for example , there are many shrines , temples , and castles . i suggest that you should visit these places . you will have a good time . in addition , there are many other colleges . you will be able to meet many japanese students . 
i am looking forward to seeing you at the conference . if you would like to get more information , you will ask me every time . 
yours sincerely . 
i suggest that you should visit one building . 
my town is the capital of japan . so there are many high tall buildings . i think it is like new york . however , there is only one building which i want you to visit . 
the name of the building is 'sunshine 60' . this is the tallest building in tokyo . i recommend visiting it . i have three reasons for my recommendation . 
firstly , there is the aquarium in the building . in addition , there is the 60th floor , when . when i went there the first time i couldn't believe it . 
secondly , if you go there , you will see everything in tokyo . the view of tokyo is not beautiful , but you will think that this city is a developing place . on the other hand you may be surprised at what a small city it is ! ! 
finally , there are many shops inside the building . you will have a good time shopping . 
i hope when you visit you will be favourite place . you should go there . 
12 . 06 . 2001
dear mrs smith , thank you for your letter asking for my help with the conference . i would like to do my best to help you . 
firstly , palace hotel has been booked for the group's accommodation and i spoke with the hotel manager about travelling to the conference . the hotel has its own buses , they will take us from the hotel to the conference saloon . 
secondly , i would like to tell you more about the end-of-conference party . i booked the palace hotel's restaurant for our party and it is big enough for your students . it is going to be very lovely and enjoyable because i have lots of surprises for the students . in addition , i suggest that they should wear sporty and comfortable clothes . 
finally , you would like to know about some activities for three hours of free time . i think you can go to the 'dreamland' . in this place there are video games , some little competitions and a small zoo available . students can enjoy their time in this place and it is on the way to the airport . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely , 
to: american students' group leader
from: . . . 
re: information on an interesting building to visit
introduction
here is my report for american students who want information on an interesting building to visit in ankara . i would like to describe 'anitkabir'
findings
1 . this building's name is 'anitkabir' and it is the biggest building in ankara . it was built in 1953 . it is located in the middle of the forest . there are different kinds of birds and different kinds of trees present . 
2 . there is a very big museum inside the building and all the building is made from stone . 
3 . this building's security guards are very special soldiers . their aim is to protect the building from enemies because there is also a very big army museum available . 
4 . there is no charge for entrance and it has a good view for tourists to see ankara from the hill . it opens from 8 . 00 am to 5 . 00 pm . 
recommendations
i think that it is the best building in ankara to visit because it includes turkish history and very good sightseeing . 
dear mrs . smith , 
i am writing in reply to your letter about the international student conference . 
the hotel which we have reserved for your group is the palace hotel . it is not far from our college , taking 20 minutes by car . it would be a good idea to take a taxi from the hotel to the college because the total number of members in your group is 4 and a taxi fare would not be expensive . there is a taxi rank opposite the hotel . 
regarding the end-of-conference party on thursday , it starts at 7 p . m . in the garden of the college . you can wear either casual dress or fancy dress because we are having a fancy-dress competition and the prize is a bottle of french champagne . 
on friday afternoon , it has set to be some free time . therefore , you can go shopping in the town centre , which is near the college . many beautiful and traditional souvenirs can be found there . the other suggestion is going to the flower market , which is very famous for tourists because it covers 2 acres and there are plenty of flowers to buy . moreover , it is the biggest flower market in this area . 
i look forward to meeting you soon and hope you have a safe journey . 
yours sincerely , 
invented light
there are many sources of light in this world , such as sunlight , moonlight and candlelight . some of them are natural whereas the others are not . owing to an increasing demand for light , for more activities , the natural source is not adequate . therefore , electric light was invented . 
nowadays , the electric light has become part of our lives , especially during the night . whatever we do at night , we need electric light . 
have you ever imagined how this world would be if there was no electric light ? it must have made a big impact on industry , agriculture and our lifestyle . think about when the electricity in your house got short circuited . did you feel uncomfortable ? could you do anything much without light ? 
in addition , the electric light is the manuscript of other electric equipment and they have become an important part of our life , too . i think we should be grateful that we have got the electric light for comforting our lifestyle . 
dear mrs smith , 
i was very pleased to receive your letter . it is my pleasure to help you with organising the international student conference . 
firstly , for your information , the group has been booked into the palace hotel , which is located in the town centre . students can take the airport bus directly to the hotel when you arrive . and the best way to get from there to the conference is by coach , as there are about 35 international students , and they are all strangers here . therefore it is no good taking a bus . i will help you to book the coach . 
secondly , the end-of-conference party will be held at the college's main hall , from 8:00 pm to 11:30 pm on 20th june . there will be various kinds of food and drinks provided . moreover , students can dance and enjoy different sorts of music , for instance , rock , jazz , pop , garage and so on . furthermore , i suggest you and the students wear pub-wears to it , as they are suitable for dancing . 
finally , on the last day , i suggest you go to the market in town during the 3-hour gap . it is a nice place to buy british-style gifts for your family and friends . you could also enjoy the tea at the cafs nearby . 
i would be pleased to give any help you need . i am looking forward to seeing you . 
yours sincerely , 
from: genevieve chiu
to: the group leader of the american students
subject: interesting building to visit in hong kong
visiting po lin temple
the purpose of this is to give information to the american students describing po lin temple , which is worth visited worth visiting . 
1 . brief history of po lin temple:
it was founded in 1910 . it is a traditional type of chinese temple . because of the 2nd world war , it was re-built in 1960 . a big buddha was built in 1997 just next to the temple , and it is the largest outdoor buddha in the world . 
2 . location:
the location of po lin temple is on lotus island , which is the second biggest island in hong kong . 
3 . opening and closing time:
po lin temple is open to the public from 8:00 am to 6:00 pm on monday to friday , and 9:00 am to 5:30 pm on saturday and sunday . 
4 . transport 
you could take the mtr ( hk underground ) straight to lotus island or take the ferry to get there . then you need to take the bus , an a110 , a111 or a112 , to po lin temple . it is quite convenient . all the buses and the mtr have air-conditioning . 
5 . attractive points:
you could go sightseeing around the temple and take photos . of course , you may acquire a greater knowledge of hong kong , as the temple has been here for nearly 100 years . the well-known famous big buddha you mustn't miss it you mustn't miss the famous big buddha , or you will be sorry . the temple also provides free chinese traditional-style meals for visitors . 
6 . conclusion:
to sum up , i think po lin temple is a nice place to visit , especially for americans students . it is easy to get there and free admission . on the other hand , hong kong is known as a highly commercial city , and you could find something different in po lin temple . 
dear mrs smith , 
first of all i'm sorry to hear that richard brown is ill . as you are the leader of the group instead of him , i'm delighted to give you all the information you have asked for . 
the palace hotel has been booked for the group , and , from there to the conference , we have organized the hotel's bus service to take the students to the conference . we will meet in the lobby at 9 . 00 am . 
the conference party will last until 1 . 00 am , but everybody does not need to stay until the end . there will be a bus taking students who do not want to stay at the party until the end . the bus will be service at 9 . 30 pm and 11 . 30 pm , then at the end of the party there will be the last one . everybody is free to dress for the party but consider what is appropriate . 
on the last day at noon , you could go to the craft centre nearby the airport . there are lots of things there you will enjoy watching or buying for friends . 
if there is any information you need to know about the conference , please let me know . i look forward to seeing you at the conference . 
yours sincerely , 
telephone saved my friendship
it's very hard to decide which invention is the best . because all of them are so important in different ways . 
as now i'm away from home , the telephone is very important to me . having a telephone i can call my mother and my friends , which helps prevents me from feeling homesick ; not completely but i think it's better than other ways . to hear the voice of the person you love is a feeling that is hard to describe ; it's wonderful and so real . you can imagine their face clearly . 
i had a problem with my best friend once when we kept in touch through e-mail . the problem was the language . we used english but neither of us were very good at it at the time , which made us misunderstand each other . however , the problem was solved by a telephone . we are now still friends . thanks to the invention of the telephone . 
dear mrs smith
with reference to the information that you have requested , the hotel that has been booked is the holiday inn , in new port and to get to the university of wales , which is not far from the hotel , you only need to take a diversion where clearly indicate carleon and once you are on the main road , all you need to do is to follow the country road which takes you directly to the place . concerning the party at the end of the conference , this will be formal , therefore you will need formal clothing , as you know there will be company directors , managers etc there . 
as for the last day , i would suggest you take make a visit to the local museum and the ruins of the castle . in the first you will find a very interesting collection of roman vestiges remains , also you can visit another section which is supposed to be a roman site . 
yours sincerely , 
i always had considered myself to be very lucky to be born in the century because of all the amazing human inventions . 
as an example let's have a look and we will see this nation and how it has developed . we just need to think about the first world wold and all the inventions created thanks to the industrial revolution to this day . 
however , i feel that at the moment there should emerge more groups to control this development because of the industrial pollution that has been created and it seems that it's very little , what is being done at the moment in relation to our environment . 
i hope in the future there will be more and more people interested in this important issue . 
dear mrs maria smith , 
i read your letters and i'm ready to help you . 
i think that we have to think about which hotel is best for the students . i have an idea and i think that you will agree with me . i was thinking about the palace hotel because it's very nice and cheap . it has comfortable bedrooms and a place for parties . you can book this hotel . it's the best and it's near to the conference . it's only 15 minutes on foot . 
i think that it will be nice for the end-of-conference party if you invite somebody to sing and give the students the time to enjoy themselves and to dance . the party will be nice . now the clothes that they will wear have to be smart , not the kind you would wear if you were going to a casino for example but nice casual , not with sports shoes or t-shirts . 
on the last day in the afternoon when you have three hours free you can go for coffee or visit some places . 
those are my ideas for the conference . i hope that you will like them . 
yours sincerely , 
today our article will be about inventions that we need in our life . i think that all these things we need we need all these things in our life because they can give us a lot of things . 
first of all we need the telephone in our house because it's important to make a call if you need something or if something happened happens to your house and nobody is with you . 
the second one is the lamp , the electricity that is very important in our life . in the past people didn't have electricity and if they wanted , for example , to read or to cook something they used to light a fire . it's important to have electricity because without it you can't do anything . 
the other one is the television . you must have a tv because you can listen learn about what happened is happening in the world and you can see some places that you haven't been to . you can enjoy watching a film if you have some free time . 
a boat is not so important but you can use one for fishing and to see some places . 
the car is now very important in our life . you can go wherever you want . this year the families they have 3 cars in one family one by one person . 
for me the most important thing is the telephone because without this you can't do anything . it's part of my life . 
dear maria smith , 
first of all , the group has been booked into the palace hotel . it is a big hotel because there will be a lot of people . it has a swimming pool and a nice bar . 
the hotel is ten minutes away from the conference centre and there will be a bus available to go directly over there . 
at the end of the conference there will be a dinner in a luxurious restaurant , so people must have nice clothes; jeans are not allowed . next to the restaurant , there is a disco for people who like dancing . 
we can do a lot of things in my area . we have the opportunity to visit the old town . it's very nice and there are a lot of shops . we can visit the old castle or the painting museum too . 
i find television the most important invention . i think it's good for old people because some of them cannot go to the cinema any more . on the one hand that 's because they haven't enough money to pay for it and on the other hand it's because they can't move very well , for example if they are disabled . with television , old people are less alone because most old women don't have their husbands any more . 
television is a good way to be informed about the news . i prefer being informed by television than by newspapers ; it's more relaxing . 
i think television is a good invention for children , for when they have free time while . while they are watching television , we don't have to look after them if we have something important to do . 
dear mrs smith , 
i'm very glad to be able to help you out with such a situation . 
first of all , the group has been booked into 'the palace hotel' . you won't have any problem finding the college because it's opposite the hotel , and the conference will be there . 
as you know , the conference will start at 11:00 and it will finish at 13:00 , but we will have lunch altogether at 13:30 in the college's hall until 14:30 . 
you'll have to wear a white shirt and blue trousers . if you want you will be able to wear a blue jacket . 
when we have finished you'll be able to enjoy yourself in our cinema or television room , but if you prefer other things , we've got a swimming pool and a library . it will be your own choice . 
i hope it was useful for you . 
yours sincerely , 
dear group leader , 
with regard to your request , i'm going to give you some information about which is the best place to visit in this town , fuengirola . 
fuengirola has a wonderful and beautiful castle which is right on the seafront . it is situated on the top of a little hill which is part of the beach . 
you shouldn't miss the chance to see this castle because there is an excellent view and there are always a lot of people there and there are little shops where you can buy souvenirs . 
at the same time you are enjoying the castle you can take a break to go to the beach and you can look at the castle from the sea , that . that is also amazing . also , there is a museum of history inside . as you will see , you have to visit the castle . you won't feel regret about that . 
yours sincerely , 
dear mrs smith , 
i am writing to answer your letter where you asked for information about the conference and other points in relation to it . 
the hotel where your group has been booked is the palace hotel . it is a very nice hotel in the centre of the city , and that is very near to the college where the conference is being held - five minutes' walk . walking is quicker than waiting for a taxi or a bus . when you arrive at the colleges there will be people indicating the way to the conference room . 
at the end of the conference we are throwing a party with some cold food and some drinks . there will be music as well for dancing . the director of the college has suggested wearing smart clothes for that occasion and i give you the same advice . 
regarding the afternoon before you leave i have some suggestions i have some suggestions regarding the afternoon before you leave . in the vicinity of the hotel there are two interesting places to visit . one is the picasso museum and the other is an important gallery where you can enjoy seeing different kinds of paintings . 
i hope my information will help you and it has been useful for you . 
i am looking forwards to seeing you at the conference . 
yours sincerely , 
there is an invention that i think has been very important: the computer . 
the computer is very useful and it has affected our own lives in different ways . the computer has made easier a lot of jobs a lot of jobs easier . for jobs that you needed , for example three hours jobs that you needed , for example , three hours for you can do in ten minutes; the same ! but computers haven't only affected us in a good way because thanks to computers the number the jobs available for people is smaller . but definitely they have they have definitely been a very important invention . 
the last relationed with computers is the internet . with the internet you can communicate with people in different places of the world at the same moment . and you can get lots of information about a lot of things . everything that you need you can find it you can find everything that you need on the internet . 
nowadays computers are very advanced and they are increasing . what will be next ? 
dear mrs smith , 
i have received your letter and i am glad i can help you . 
you have been booked to stay in the palace hotel , which is a very pleasant hotel not far away from here . the best way to get here is : once you go out of the hotel , turn right , then follow the signs to the hospital , because it is just beside our college . when you are in the college , ask for me . 
the conference will last one hour , and , at 8 o'clock the party will start . it is a formal party and you should wear formal clothes . the dress code is no jeans . we will provide you with food and drinks . 
for your free time i have quite a few ideas . there are lots of things to do here . we have got a museum which is just two minutes from your hotel . you can also go to a nearby park and eat something in the caf . if you go to the main street you will find a street full of shops and i am sure the students would like that . 
i hope this information will be helpful . if you have any other questions , please , do contact me . 
i'm looking forward to seeing you soon . 
yours sincerely , 
the mobile phone
the mobile phone has completely changed our lives , it is an instrument which i cannot imagine myself living without . 
apart from being in fashion , it is also a very helpful machine . do you remember that day when you got stuck in the middle of the road with your car which wouldn't work ? what would you have done at that moment without a mobile phone ? you were at home in less than ten minutes just because you had a mobile phone with you , amazing , isn't it ? 
nowadays , everyone has a mobile phone . i am fifteen years old and everybody in my year has got a mobile phone . five years ago you wouldn't have even thought about it . it has been a plus for me . for example , now my parents allow me to go to more places just because i have my mobile with me , and , sending text messages is an addiction which every teenager is obsessed with . 
all in all , the invention of this little device is a big plus for everyone . 
dear mrs smith , 
i am writing to inform you that i have received a letter from you about helping you to organise an international student conference in my college . 
your group has been booked into the palace hotel , which is not very far from my college . however , due to the congestion and delays near the hotel , the best way to get from there to the conference is on the underground , from victoria street station . you will arrive at the other station opposite my college in approximately 15 minutes . 
at the end-of-conference party , you may either leave the party or stay in the college for more activities . different types of clothing can be worn . however , jean wears and t-shirts will be common on that day . 
instead of staying in the hotel for the last three hours , i suggest that you perhaps visit our town centre . the popular attractions in our town , including the art gallery , museum , aquarium , and market square , can be found near the monument of our town , the saltisy bridge . 
i am looking forward to seeing you soon . 
yours sincerely , 
the little woods shopping mall
location
the little woods shopping mall is an ideal place for you and your group to visit . it is located very close to the town centre next to the town museum . it can be accessed by the nearby train station . 
facilities
for those students who are very interested in shopping , clothes shops , jewellery , stationery , bookshops , fashion and beauty departments and many more are available . for those who want something more exciting and adventurous , you are recommended to visit the fun fair and amusement arcade on the top floor of the building . other facilities such as cinemas , theatres , and large department stores can also be found there . there is a little souvenir shop for tourists and a special discount for tourists from abroad who want to use the car park . 
conclusion
not only the tourist information centre will will the tourist information centre provide any information you might need , you can also visit the ict block , which allows you to access onto anything you want to know from the computers . a special trip could also be organized . 
dear marie , 
i am writing in connection with your letter about the international student conference . i appreciate if i can offer you my help . i would like to give you the necessary details , which will help you to organise the conference . 
richard brown booked the palace hotel for the students , which is very comfortable and close to our college . you need only spend 5 minutes walking to get to the college . 
after the conference we are planning to organise a big party with a barbecue . the party will take place in a forest close to a campsite . i hope we will have nice weather . therefore , i suggest wearing casual clothes . on the last day of the afternoon afternoon of the last day , if you have some free time , i would recommend you visit a very famous exhibition of leonardo devinci . the exhibition will take place at the " gribaldi museum " , which you can find on crariden street , n 5 . you will never regret about my suggestion . if you need more information let me know . 
best regards , 
report on the building at berkeley square . 
in order to prepare this report i visited the business college and interviewed some students , i asked them only one question : " which building do you find most beautiful and most interesting in our city ? " 
the students who were questioned said that there are a lot of interesting buildings in our city . however , the majority of people point out one very old building , which you can find at barkeley square . most of the students found this building very special , because it reflects our history , tradition and culture . if you visit the building , you will get the impression , the feeling , that you are in the past . this building attracts a lot of people - because it has a very special style with majestic , antique windows . 
in addition , i also visited this place - and i was very impressed . 
finally i would recommend you visit the barkely square area . in this area you can also find other different buildings , which would you attract . 
report by the group leader
from
12 . 06 . 01
dear maria , 
i've received your letter asking me for further information about the conference that you are going to organise very soon . here you have a little help for it . 
first , i'd like to tell you that the hotel where you are going to stay is " the palace hotel " , which is situated at the centre of the town . it can't be difficult to find , because it is very near to the conference . also there is a bus provided by the organisation to take all the students to the hotel . at the end of the conference there will be a party . i might suggest you wear a casual outfit , because many students feel like relaxing after a whole day sitting and listening at the conference . the party will be amazed by a group of musicians , and i remember last year it was unforgettable , because all the people were dancing and having a lot of fun . 
it is a well-situated town with a lot of museums to visit , especially " the history museum " , which i visited last year , and i think you will enjoy it . it doesn't take a lot of time to visit and entrance is free . 
wishing hoping i've been very helpful to you . 
yours sincerely , 
the telephone changes has changed our lives 
it's impossible nowadays nowadays to imagine a life without that invention how quickly affects our life especially in business . we can't imagine a big company without a phone , which can make business more quick than anything else . 
also , i have been asking a lot of people in the street : could you live without a telephone ? the answer was always the same : " impossible " . an old woman told me how important the phone was when her only son was abroad studying computers at " chicago university " . she told me that every night she expected a call from her son , because her was the line of the happiness . 
however , there was one person which who told me he wasn't happy at all with the phone , because he used to write a lot , especially at christmas when he wanted to wish all his friends a very nice christmas but now everybody phones him , ending a very old tradition . 
in my opinion this little " box " that everybody has at home can save your life , especially if you need to ring a doctor in an emergency situation . 
in conclusion don't make very long phone calls and you won't have to pay a very expensive bill . 
dear mrs maria smith
thank you for your letter . it's a shame that i won't see richard because of his illness , but i'm willing to help you as much as i can . so i will give you some information which you asked for in your letter . 
firstly , about your accommodation , the college which i belong to offers visitors free accommodations accommodation with full of facilities ( for example , bath , car park , free internet access , etc . ) . they also are located on our campus so you can get to the conference by walking . 
secondly , as you know , we'll have a party after the conference , which will take place at our student council hall with some meals . this party is unlikely to be that formal , but i recommend you don't wear jeans and trainers . 
last , if you have some free time for a couple of hours , you should visit kamakura city , which is 30 minutes from our campus by train . that is a very traditional japanese city where many temples and heritage monuments are there there are many temples and monuments . i'm sure you'll enjoy it and maybe become familiar with our culture . 
by the way , if you have any other questions , please send me a letter again . 
oh baby , i can't live without you ! 
these days , we're surrounded with so many different kinds of products which our ancestors invented . in our daily life , however , we seldom notice how convenient easy a life we've got or , what is more , how inconvenient difficult our grandparents found it . how nasty we are ! let us try to appreciate their importance again . 
as for me , the invention which is most important to me is the personal computer . i have been a full-time student in the university at home , and their classes all require us to have personal computers and use them at all times . when you take the class on computer programming , you will definitely need one and that holds true for the class on politics , because you have to study statistics on your computer to do social research and some analyses . my professor said , ' go and get familiar with your computer , otherwise you'll fail' . 
i find it amazingly easy to forget the importance of inventions which we usually use without question thinking . that's the nature of human beings . but i think it's not only our fault but evidence of how much they have integrated themselves into our life . 
dear mrs smith 
i received your letter asking for some information about the conference . 
i am glad to provide all the information . 
the group has been booked into the palace hotel which is near the train station . it is really easy to get to the conference from the hotel . the bus runs from in front of the hotel . if you catch the red bus it will drop you in front of the conference building . 
at the conference you should wear formal dress but you are free to choose the colour or style . 
at the end of the conference there will be a reception at the hotel . we have arranged some tours of the city . you will be visiting some interesting places and towers . 
i look forward to seeing you . 
yours sincerely . 
computer magic . 
can you imagine life before computers ? lots of books , papers , lots of things on the tables . 
a computer is a really clever machine . it stores all the information , never says enough , and it never forgets any information . whenever we want it from it , it doesn't refuse . 
it saves time for humankind . people don't need to spend a lot of time recording everything . it makes space in offices . 
a lot of bosses or workers in factories do not need to employ many clever workers because we don't need a lot of them . this saves a lot of money for companies . 
computers have helped to improve health because in this century we can use them in medical operations . doctors can manage the most extreme operation easily and confidently . 
in general computers have brought human life two centuries forward . they make life easier for us . 
dear mrs smith , 
i am writing in reply to your letter , which i received yesterday . below is some information you will need for the next international student conference at bournemouth college and some recommendations , which might be useful for the students . 
first of all , the hotel booked for the group is the palace hotel , which is very impressive in terms of comfort and facilities . this is a very central hotel located not far away from the conference hall . you will be able to get there either by bus ( no 150 ) or on foot . 
next you are welcome to attend the party organized at the end of the conference . it will begin at elevenish p . m . and may last the whole night . people are going to be in costume there and it would be a good idea to wear extravagant multi-coloured clothes . 
finally i think that you should jump at the opportunity to go to the historic pergam's museum before leaving . some of the most amazing masterpieces are exhibited there . 
i wish you a wonderful trip and look forward to meeting you in bournemouth . 
yours sincerely
to: ( group leader ) 
from:
subject: bournemouth national museum
as requested i visited the bournemouth national museum , which is , to my mind , one of the most interesting buildings of the area . below is a summary of the most important points and some recommendations you may need . 
1 . architecture
the architecture of the building in itself is really breathtaking in terms of luxury and ornamentation . even if the architectural style may seem a bit heavy , this building is really a masterpiece with no real comparison anywhere in the world . 
2 . exposition
although i have to admit that it is very tiring to visit the whole museum in one day , it is such a rewarding and enriching experience that people never get tired of looking at the paintings and sculptures in each section of the museum . 
3 . restaurant
the adjoining restaurant is very good as well . the waiters are friendly and always ready to give advice . in fact it is just what visitors need after their trip through the museum . 
to sum up , i would say that this museum is more interesting than the other museums , because you can enjoy not only wonderful masterpieces but also very unusual architecture and a quiet restaurant where you will be able to have a rest if you need to . 
dear mrs . smith , 
in reply to your letter , i would like to answer your questions and give you more information . 
firstly , the hotel in which the group is going to stay is the 'palace hotel' . secondly , the easiest way to travel from the hotel to the conference is by a local bus . there is a bus stop in front of the hotel and a no . 31 or 3 will take you directly to the conference . thirdly , the end-of-conference party will be a small disco , with a variety of drinks and food provided . therefore , you can wear something quite casual . 
lastly , on the last day , i would suggest you visit the edinburgh castle and the national scottish museum , as both of them are very interesting and have a student discount . 
i hope this letter can help you with enough information . 
yours sincerely , 
could modern people live without a light bulb ? well , i don't think so . the only people who could live without one would be extremely weird or in a very difficult situation ! 
we are nearly always surrounded by 'man-made' light . with it , we read , study , walk , and so on . in the past people relied on the sunlight , moonlight and the light from fire . these were , however , very unreliable when the weather was bad and when the fuel ran out . they had to read , study and walk in the dark . today , this kind of thing hardly ever happens ! well , unless there is something wrong with the power supply . 
i remember when i was about 5 , i visited a museum with my family . while i was in the toilet , all the lights went off ! i screamed and cried since i'd never experienced being in complete darkness before . when the light was turned on again , i realised how important even a single light bulb can be , and i was sure i could never , ever live without one . 
june 12 , 2001
dear mrs smith , 
in reply to your letter , i will try to give you some advice . 
concerning the hotel , the group has been booked into the palace hotel . the conference will take place not far from the hotel so you will see directions to follow . 
for the conference , i suggest you wear a beautiful dress , because there will be important people from other colleges . at the end of the conference , all students and leaders will have a drink . 
to finish , if you have spare time , you could walk in the centre of poitiers which is very beautiful . 
i hope i have given you enough details . 
i look forward to meeting you at the conference . 
yours faithfully , 
the building called in french " le centre pompidou " is a very surprising monument . 
it's a modern building with an architecture that you can't see in any other place . 
what is impressive about this building is the number of tubes that you can see outside and inside the building . 
in the pompidou centre , there are different exhibitions on different themes . in general , there are paintings , videos and sculptures . these exhibitions are often very attractive and they change every year . 
another good point , if you go there you will have an extraordinary view over the city . 
so if you visit paris , the pompidou centre is a very interesting building to visit , even if in paris there are many other buildings . 
dear maria , 
first of all , i am sorry to hear that richard is ill . as the conference must go on , i will give you the information you asked for in order to work on this conference . 
concerning the hotel , the group has been booked to stay in a hotel which is very near the place where we are going to have the conference . the hotel is the palace hotel . it is only 5 minutes' walk from there to the conference and i would like to suggest that this is the best way to get to the conference . 
regarding the party , we will have a party at the end of the conference at the hotel where you will stay . the party will have a relaxed atmosphere so don't worry about what to wear . there will be only our group , so wear whatever you want and enjoy yourself . 
lastly , what you could possibly do while you will be waiting for three hours , for some people who want to go shopping . the shopping centre is just opposite the hotel . however , some people may want to just wait at the hotel , having a cup of coffee . the cafe in the hotel is available . 
i hope that this information will be useful . if you have any questions i am more than happy to help . i look forward to seeing you at the conference . 
yours sincerely . 
could you live without this ? 
imagine how your life would be if you woke up one morning and found that all the electricity had gone . how would you manage to get yourself ready to go to work ? how would you know what happens in the whole wide world or even how to get yourself breakfast without a toaster ! ! ! how would you cope with all that ? 
thank god for those who created our electricity and had applied applied it into every appliance . electricity is a clever invention . everything is based on the use of electricity , for instance from a little light bulb to the most complicated computer system which stores priceless information ! life wouldn't be easy if we didn't have electricity . electricity is very important in keeping our lives going . no matter where you are , what you do , apparently , you need electricity . let's think about it this way : if we didn't have electricity , there would be no other inventions at all ! ! 
i , personally , couldn't live without electricity . it has already affected and played a great role in my life . i watch the television and use the computer every day . moreover , other facilities in my house , the telephone , air-conditioner , fridge , for example , they all need electricity . that is why it is very important to my life . 
dear mrs . smith
my name is . . . , i am a local student and i will give you the requested information . the rooms for your students have been booked at the palace hotel near the city centre . the hotel is just three bus stops away from our college so you and your students can take the bus from the central bus station that is right in front of your hotel to get to the conference . 
the end-of-conference party starts just one hour after the end of the conference . it is located in our sports hall . there will be live music and a midnight dinner . you don't have to appear very noble dressed , just as you like ( there is no dress code - you may wear what you want ) . 
for your last day i think it would be interesting to visit our historic and famous city centre . i will organize a tourist guide to give us information about the old buildings and sights . 
if you have any more questions , write me a short letter . 
yours sincerely
the invention of the car was a great point in history . from there on people were mobile and had the opportunity to travel wherever they wanted . within of course the physical barriers . people now had the chance to move to faraway places to spend their leisure time , to relax , or just to see something different than their home . 
in my life the car has an enormous influence . i come from a rural area . the next city is 15 km away and there is no acceptable bus or rail connection to go there . it was quite hard for me not to have the opportunities for my free time like my friends who lived in or near the city . i just had no way to meet them after school , because i had no vehicle to get there . i always needed my mom or my dad to take me where i wanted to go . 
today i have my own car and i use it daily to get to work and to meet my friends at any place and any time . so with my car i achieved great freedom . 
dear mrs smith , 
i am replying to your letter in which you asked for some information about the conference in peterborough regional college . 
your group has been booked into the palace hotel , which is situated in the city centre , 15 minutes' walk from where the conference takes place . on the next page there is a map showing you the best way to get to the conference that will be at the regional college . 
the conference will start at 7 p . m . , the same day we expect , the 18th of june . our director will make a speech afterwards and there will be a party with some snacks , drinks and music . for the people who are interested in it , there will also be karaoke . 
everybody should wear formal clothes , at least , a little bit formal . no jeans or tee shirts . 
there are a lot of places you can visit in peterborough . we have a cathedral you can visit anytime and the riverside , which is best if it is a nice day , sunny and warm , for taking a walk . for details , look at the map on the next page . 
yours sincerely , 
alice knew that is was going to be a very special day for her . she had a dream where somebody told her that that day would be special . so , she took the bus , like every morning , and she went to school . but that day was a little bit different: she had her maths exam . she had never passed a maths exam and she was really nervous . 
half an hour before the exam she went to the cafeteria to have a cup of tea . she sat down and , what a surprise , she found a lottery ticket . nobody was around her , so she took the ticket , drank her cup of tea and went to the classroom where the exam took place . she did really well in the exam , she was very surprised , and after the exam she went home . 
she spent the rest of the day listening to music while she was thinking about the lottery ticket and waiting for the tv show at 8 o'clock . at that time , she turned on the tv and while the lottery man was shouting out the winning numbers , she checked hers and what a surprise it was that the last 4 numbers were the same ! ! she won 500 ! ! ! 
dear mrs maria smith , 
i have just received a letter from you . i really appreciate your interest in our conference . 
firstly , the palace hotel is your accommodation which you have booked . this is a very nice hotel and i am sure you will be very pleased about staying there . 
secondly , you will have no problems finding the conference . obviously , using a taxi is the best but unfortunately it is quite expensive for a student . however , we have already arranged a mini-bus for you . the bus will be in front of your hotel at 1 p . m . and it will take you to the conference . 
thirdly , we will have the end-of-conference party at 6 p . m . you can have dinner with wine which is very famous in our area and also you can enjoy the semi-classical concert which we have been preparing for 3 months . but i hope you will wear a formal suit and dress . you will not be allowed to enter this party unless you wear casual clothes . lastly , you will not have any problem spending your extra time in cambridge because we have a lot of attractions . cambridge bus tour , for example , will be very nice for you because it is the best and the easiest way of getting to know cambridge . but if you do not like it , you can enjoy the city centre with a walking tour and then you can enjoy going punting which is the most pleasant attraction in cambridge . 
i hope you will be happy with our conference and party etc . we have been preparing all of them for a long time . please oblige us with your attendance . if you want more information , please let me know . 
your sincerely
dear mr or miss , 
welcome to my town and i really appreciate your visiting . i would like you to visit 'coex' building which is located in samsung-dong south of seoul . 
i will tell you some information about this building . this building consists of a world exhibition centre , a multiplex cinema , a huge shopping mall , a huge food court and an aquarium . now is being held 'the world software for linux' exhibition the world software for linux exhibition is being held in the exhibition centre . if you are interested in computers , it will give you great pleasure . for a multiplex cinema , it is the biggest cinema in asia and it has 18 screens . therefore you can enjoy all the latest films there . 
if you want to buy something , especially clothes , the shopping mall , which is called 'coex mall' , will be the best place: very cheap and lots of designer clothes . 
also , you'd better not miss the food court . it provides all kinds of food . korean food , italian food . . . you can enjoy them all . lastly , i really want you to go to the aquarium . actually i have been there three times but i still want to go there again . i am sure you will like this very much . 
i hope you will enjoy yourself in my town . i would be very happy if you could be satisfied with my recommendation . and if you need someone to guide you , please send me an e-mail or give me a call . i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours faithfully , 
dear mrs maria smith , 
thank you for your letter . i am writing to give some information on the conference as you requested . 
first of all , your group has been booked into palace hotel which is very convenient to stay in and has a beautiful landscape . i would recommend you get to the conference by subway , because the subway station is situated 5 minutes' walk from the hotel . it will take you about 15 minutes to arrive at the college . 
there will be a party after the conference . we will serve you dinner and some college students are going to sing , play musical instruments and so on , but you can join in if you wish . therefore , you had better wear casual and comfortable clothes . 
finally , this area has its reputation for shopping centres , so it might be a good idea to buy some clothes , local food , and so on . you will be able to buy them at a reasonable price . 
i hope you will enjoy your stay in my country . i look forward to meeting all of you . 
yours sincerely , 
amusement centre
introduction
the aim of this report is to give information on the amusement centre in seoul . it is based on my experience and on views expressed by local people who were interviewed . 
facilities
it was found that the amusement centre is the most popular building in seoul to enjoy yourself . there is a wide range of facilities including theatres , game centres , korean restaurants . in particular , people seemed to be satisfied with the theatres , because the screen is massive . the korean restaurants appeared to be the most popular with foreigners . 
things to buy
it seems you can buy everything you want at a reasonable price in the building . especially in particular , korean souvenir shops were felt to be extremely cheap . however , you can buy luxurious things as well if you wish . 
conclusion
in short , the amusement centre is a fascinating place and it deserves a visit . i would highly recommend this building , because you cannot only enjoy yourself but also experience korean culture which might be exotic to foreign visitors . 
dear mrs . smith
thank you very much for your letter which i received yesterday . i am sure that together we can spend a good student conference at my college . i will now give you some useful information . 
first of all , we come to some important points about the organisation . the group has been booked into a comfortable and well situated well-situated hotel , whose name is the " palace hotel " . the hotel is on the right-hand side of parker piece , which you can find on the map which i will send you . the " palace hotel " is 5 minutes' walk from the station . the conference is situated taking place in the building opposite the bus stop . 
after a short speech from our director , the evening entertainment will begin . in a well-known and pleasant pub in the city centre we will consume have some food and drinks . also , there will be a very famous live band . you do not have to wear special formal clothes . 
you asked me for some suggestions for your free afternoon . naturally we have a lot of interesting things to visit but something that is special is our cathedral . the architecture brings takes you back to the old times . as well as the stained glass windows which are really amazing . we also have an interesting museum and a modern theatre . 
finally , i am sure you and your group will spend some enjoyable , relaxing days here . please do not hesitate to contact me for more information . 
i look forward to meeting you soon . 
yours sincerely . 
inventions have affected all our lives ! 
what is it that we use every day for many hours ? sometimes from early in the morning until late in the evening . yes , it is the tv . it is well known in almost all families , often with a lot of different channels . 
first of all , the tv can bring us news in a short time , about what is happening all over the world . another point in favour of the invention of the tv is that it tells shows interesting reports , for instance about animals or the different culture of other countries . furthermore there are a lot of different programmes , usually something for everybody . it can also be relaxing to sit on the sofa after a busy day at work . finally , the tv is in my opinion very useful for getting important information , you can watch the weather and all of them were presented are presented in wonderful colour . 
to sum up , in my opinion the tv is a very good and useful invention . however , it sends shows a lot of violence which is not good for children . i cannot imagine living without television , it is something that we need for our education , and for getting news and other helpful information . 
dear mrs smith , 
thank you for your letter . certainly i'll try to help you as well as i can . 
first , i can tell you the name of the hotel . it's the palace hotel . fortunately , it is not far from our college . for to get to get from the hotel to the conference , you only have to take bus no . 7 and get off at st . james college , where the conference will take place . 
about the end-of-conference party i can only say that a band will be playing the whole night , and a special guest , i still don't know who , will be expected . i suggest wearing casual clothes . i think there's no need for school uniforms . 
to answer your last question , i would propose you attend the local zoo , because many baby animals have been born in the past few days . 
dear mrs smith , i hope the information given is useful for you . i'm looking forward to seeing you at the conference . 
yours sincerely , 
the telephone
could you imagine no telephone ringing in the office ? or living your life without chatting for hours with your best friend ? could you ? i couldn't ! 
the telephone was invented by alexander graham bell at the end of the 19th century . it was an invention nobody realized how important and how widespread it nobody realized how important and how widespread an invention it would be in the future . nowadays almost every household in the western world owns a telephone , and calling relatives or friends spread all over the world is no strange thing . people need the telephone not only for chatting , but also for exchanging information in a very quick and direct way with the possibility of getting an answer immediately . 
when i was a child , we had no telephone at home , and i always had to go to a phone box in the centre of our village . now i have my own flat , and the first piece of furniture i bought was the telephone . i'll never remove it from my home . 
dear mrs smith , 
i want to inform you that i have already talked to richard brown and he informed me about the conference . next week i will start organising some events for this conference . 
the events will take place at the palace hotel , the same hotel that you will stay you will be staying at . the palace hotel is opposite park clifton clifton park , which is near the college . we chose that hotel because it is near the college and we don't need transport . because you know where the college is and you need to bring some things from the college to the hotel , i think that it is better for all the group to come to the college and then we can all go together to the palace hotel . the conference starts at 9:00 o'clock , you need to be at the college half an hour before . 
concerning the end-of-conference party , i'm thinking about some dance and singing events . let me know what you think . about the clothes that you need to wear , it must be your uniform , because it is the best conference in london and every year are come lecturers lecturers come from other colleges . 
finally , on the last day , we have organised a sightseeing tour around london . you will have the opportunity of visiting some museums and the zoo . i think it is a nice idea . 
if you want more information you can call me , my telephone number is 047*** . please , if you have any more ideas , send me a letter . 
yours sincerely , 
nowadays everyone has a telephone . the telephone is part of our life . it is one of the most important investigations inventions all over the world . 
the telephone is a means of communication . if you want to talk to your friends , parents , or partner to ask something , you can call them without wondering how you can communicate with them . especially if some of your relatives or friends live in another country you can communicate with them every day and you don't feel that they are far away from you . 
today , with the development of technology , have been improved and the capabilities of the telephone the capabilities of the telephone have been improved . there are telephones that you give give you the opportunity to talk with more than one person on the line . also you can leave a message if you call and can't reach someone . the latest type of telephone is the mobile phone . you can use it everywhere and anytime . 
finally , the telephone , except|apart from being a means of communication , is a means of socialisation . nowadays we are very busy and we don't have free time to see our friends , but we can call them and talk or chat with them . especially young people young people especially are spending spend many hours on the telephone and that causes trouble for their parents . 
the telephone is a very important invention if we can use it correctly without using it as a type of entertainment as do nowadays many people many people do nowadays . 
dear mrs smith
i have received your letter , which was about that you would like me to inform you . 
as you know , a hotel called the palace hotel has been booked for your group . the best way to get from there to the conference is to take a taxi . i am afraid there are no buses to get there . 
we will have a great party at the end of the conference . the party will be formal , therefore you will have to wear formal clothes like a suit or a dress . as you know , it is not suitable to wear jeans or something similar . 
on your last day you have the afternoon free . in my area there is a fantastic park , which is the most famous park in the country . you can find a lot of things to do or to see . you can visit the zoo or walk around the amazing lake in the park . 
i hope you will find all the details which you would like to have in the letter . if you need any more information , please let me know . 
yours sincerely , 
the power of computurs . 
how much can a computer affect your life ? i think it affects you more than you think . 
when i was a child i always wanted to get the lyrics of the songs that i liked , but it was nearly impossible to have them . i felt the lack of them . i first bought a computer when i was in university . it was very necessary for me because i wanted to be a computer programmer . at that time i entered the magic world of computers . linking to the internet was so popular . the internet was something amazing for me . can you imagine you have every piece of information you need whenever you want it ? can you imagine you can contact anyone who is from any country whenever you want to ? 
i meet a lot of people on the internet and it really interests me . i learn a lot about their culture by speaking to them on the internet . i wasn't able to imagine this before . in addition to this , today companies can do nothing without a computer . everything in this world will work with computers from now on . 
computers have changed my lifestyle , my opinions about the world . and they affect everyone's life directly or indirectly . 
dear mrs m . smith , 
i am writing in order to reply to your letter and to give you all the information that you requested . 
first of all the hotel is the palace hotel , 82 regent street , so it is very easy to reach the conference . in fact you can take the number 3 bus ; as you can see , the bus stop is just in front of the hotel , then you can get off immediately after the church that you pass , on your right . 
secondly , we will have the party in the hotel at 8 . 00 o'clock and a buffet will be served at 8 . 30 p . m . it will also be possible to get some vegetarian food and drink cocktails free of charge . i would recommend your students bring their identity cards to prove their age . what is more , i would suggest wearing very smart clothes and for men it is obliged obligatory a tie a tie is obligatory . 
finally , if i were you i would go shopping in the city centre in your last hours . however , if you're interested in archaeology archaeology you should visit the history museum in garden square . 
i hope you will find my letter of interest and i look forward to seeing you . 
yours sincerely , 
have you ever thought of living without your car ? 
how can you manage your daily life without it ? 
in the last forty years people seem to have become completely addicted to using their car . it is said that the majority of citizens have got a car and unfortunately this is the reason why cities are becoming more polluted . 
on the other hand , this kind of facility has made our life more comfortable and easier . in fact we can go everywhere sitting either with friends or with our family and carrying our luggage and shopping bags . cars are able to cover not only short distance but also can be used for long journeys . for example , in the past it would had been extremely exhausting to travel on a horse but nowadays we have lots of big and spacious cars and a wide range of options to choose from . 
however , i have to say that it has made people lazy and at the same time stressed due to the traffic . on the other hand one of the main advantages is that we can save time and money as cars have long last and allow us to travel to get about quickly . 
that's why i couldn't imagine my life without one . 
dear mrs maria smith , 
thank you for your letter which i received last week . 
if a student is ill , we will return the money but you should tell us one week before we start . and you are staying at the palace hotel , which is located in the town centre . you can take buses or our school buses . it costs forty pence . if you take public buses , it costs more than the school bus . 
the end-of-conference party is going to start from seven o'clock . one of our teachers , who will be elected by students will make a speech for one hour . after , a student will make a speech about what he or she has learned , and dinner . in my opinion , you should wear normal clothes . i would like to suggest that you should visit building sixty two which is on the sixty second floor . there are eye-max cinema , museums , a gallery . this is very famous in our city . 
i hope that my advice will help you . 
i look forward to hearing from you soon . 
yours sincerely
pusan castle
pusan castle is located in the south of pusan . this is the biggest and oldest in pusan . there are exhibited historical things , pictures and clothes historical things , pictures and clothes are exhibited there . it was built four hundred years ago . when you go up to the top of the castle , you can see the whole town , and there is a very big park in the castle . pusan castle shows korean history from when one of our kings made our country . etc . and there are a lot of facilities in pusan castle . a restaurant . a shop specially for groups . they can be given a discount . what is more , every place is explained in english . so you do not need pamplat , but , the entrance fee is a little expensive . it costs ten pounds . fortunately if visit the castle over ten people over ten people visit the castle , they give them a discount . 
dear mrs smith
with reference to your letter which i received yesterday , i would like to give you some details about the international student conference , also the accommodation and activities that are planned during this week . 
the hotel that is booked for the students is one of the best in the area , it has very good facilities and it is situated near to the place where the conference is going to be . the best way to get there from the hotel is by bus and it is already booked for the day after you arrive , at 8:30 am . 
about the party which is just at the end of the conference , a good it would be a dance party and the students don't really need to wear special clothes , it's just to have a little dance and meet all the students . after the party , there is a small trip to the old part of the city and i think it would be a good choice for spending the last three hours that you have left before going back . 
i hope this letter answer answers all your questions , if you want to know more about it just give me a call or send me a letter . 
yours yours sincerely
the aim of this report is to give some information about the new acapulco resort buildings which were built 10 years ago they are some . they are some of the first buildings that were built with the latest technology and designed by an important mexican architect . 
in addition , the resort has an interesting history historical background concerning the architecture and the best facilities and activities that you could have in mexico , for example , it provides different kinds of tours around mexico . on the other hand it is far away from the city and it has difficult transport facilities . 
in spite of the disadvantages , i would strongly recommended recommend students and the public to visit the new acapulco resort buildings and have a great experience learning about the buildings' history and at the same time travelling around mexico . 
dear mrs maria smith , 
i am sorry to hear that mr. brown is ill . i hope it isn't serious . however , i will be glad to give you as much information as you need and i hope you will find it helpful . 
the name of the hotel in which the group is going to stay is the palace hotel . to get there you must go to the centre of town . all the buses go there . once you are in the centre , the palace hotel is right in front of the tourism information office . 
for the end-of-conference party we have booked one of the halls of the hotel and they will provide us with live music and catering . due the hotel being such an elegant place i would suggest dressing up in evening dress . 
finally , to fill your free afternoon i would definitely recommend visiting the cathedral and having a walk around the old part of the city . if you want , it will be my pleasure to show you the surroundings area . 
yours sincerely , 
chairs are not only part of the furniture , they are also objects of decoration and you can even find some in museums where they are art objects . 
who could have invented such a useful item ? in fact , nobody has got an idea , but it must have been the most clever person on earth ! 
the world is packed with so many types of chairs , from the common wooden ones to the most sophisticated and comfortable others finding a basic range of prices . 
from my point of view the chair is without a doubt the most useful gadget ever invented . some people use them in their work , others wish to sit in one by the end of the day and for some other people a wheel chair wheelchair represents the possibility of movement . although it is worth saying that not everybody can choose his ideal chair there is a special one for each of us . 
dear mrs smith , 
thank you for your letter . i am glad to help you with the organisation of the conference . 
i phoned the tourist information office last week and i got some information about the accommodation for the students . 
i think we should book the palace hotel . it is an outstanding building situated in the city centre . 
the hotel is in a good position , 10 minutes' walk from the conference , and i think the best way to reach it is on foot . 
i am sure the students will enjoy walking in the streets of the town . 
the conference starts at 5 o'clock in the afternoon and finishes at 7 pm . 
i think they should wear smart clothes , because there will be lots of interesting people and it is an important meeting . 
in conclusion , for the last day , i thought it would be very interesting for the students to visit the town and admire its monuments and art . 
on the other hand , if you prefer to have a relaxing day , you could have a picnic in the wonderful park . 
i hope my suggestion and idea ideas will help you to organise the meeting . 
i look forward to receiving your confirmation . 
yours , 
report:
to: mr
from:
date: 21st june 2000
introduction:
as requested , the aim of this report is to assess the suitability for a group of american students of the visit to the etruscan museum . 
general information:
the museum is situated in the centre of populoniou , the picturesque fishing village on the etruscan coast . populoniou is about 15 km . from piombino and it can be reached by a well-organised means of transport . 
description:
the etruscan museum is one of the most attractive buildings in my town . it contains lots of archaeological etruscans founded and some remains from the estruscans' necropolis . 
the entrance fee is 7 for each student . 
positive aspects
1 . the museum is well organised for tourists . there are some shops , a caf and toilets . also there are some free headphones that explain the history of the museum . 
2 . after their visit to the museum , they could enjoy the superb view of the sea and the tuscan archipelago , and they could have a picnic on the beach . 
negative aspects
1 . the negative aspect of the museum is that it is quite expensive for students . 
conclusion:
although the entrance fee is quite expensive for a group of students , i strongly recommend it for their excursion and because of their interests . 
dear mrs smith , 
i am writing to give you some information that you asked for in your letter , which i received this morning . 
your group has been booked into the palace hotel which is one of the most comfortable hotels in london . personally , i am glad that you will have this opportunity to use its various facilities . it is located in the city centre and is about half an hour by underground from the conference . in my opinion the easiest way to get there from the conference would be by taking the picadelly line . however you could take bus number 150 , if you would like to have a look at the city centre and you also have some free time . 
regarding the end-of-conference party , i would suggest wearing a dress for a woman and an elegant suit for a man , though it is not a formal do . the party will finish quite late , so we've decided to provide a bus which will take you to the hotel safely . 
basically , during three hours in the afternoon nobody is able to visit all of the interesting places in london . however , you could take a long walk along the river to take some essential photos . 
i look forward to welcoming you . 
yours sincerely
are you always happy when your telephone rings ? 
as far as i know , the telephone was invented in the 19th century . it affected our lives very quickly , although there are some different means of communication such as tv , for instance . since the internet was introduced , many of us couldn't have imagined can't imagine lives life without it . we have even been able to have our own telephone kept in our pocket for some time . 
however , are you always happy when your personal phone rings ? i wonder whether you have experienced some situations when you wouldn't have your mobile switched on . 
this invention has changed my life completely . since i have been travelling around the world , i would have imagined being in touch with my family or friends without the internet or my mobile phone . 
in spite of having the opportunity of keeping in contact with friends at times when we are far away from home , we should have knowledge know how to use it without disturbing others . 
dear maria:
thank you for your letter . it will be pleasure to help you . 
the following is some information about the international student conference . 
the party will be in the palace hotel . the hotel is very close to the town hall . from park square , just go straight . you can see the sign for the hotel . 
this is an international student party , so i suggest you wear traditional costume . it looks nice and has good meaning . 
you can inform all the students that they can take some traditional food to the party . after the meal , you can play some games and prepare a prize for the winner . at the end of the conference you can dance and sing together . 
these are my suggestions for this party . if you still have a problem , you can call me . 
love from , 
report on the luton university building 
i heard that a group of american students has just arrived in our town . i want to introduce an interesting building for them to visit . 
it is the main building of luton university in park square . it is an academic building . it includes a library , ii suit , academic rooms , a gym club and a restaurant . 
there is a very big library . you can find any information from it that you want . for the rest of the time , you can go to the it suite to use the internet . if you feel hungry , you don't need to go out . just in the same building , you can find a restaurant . 
i recommend this building to visit recommend visiting this building , because american students will know british students is how to study and different campus life . they can also talk with british students to communicate study experience . 
i think it will be interesting for american students . 
dear mrs smith , 
i am writing with reference to your letter concerning the organization of an international student conference at wimbledon art college . below i clarify provide some information you asked about . 
first of all , i would like to give you more information about the name and location of the hotel . the group has been booked into the " maria luisa " hotel , which is situated in the centre of wimbledon called wimbledon village . this hotel is the next building after the art college , so it will be easy for your group to find the place . 
secondly turning to the end-of-conference party , it is planned meant to be on wimbledon common - a nice piece of english countryside . so , it may be a good idea to wear very comfortable and informal clothes . 
thirdly , talking about your free afternoon before leaving the area , i would suggest you visit the wimbledon museum of tennis . there is quite a good exhibition there , giving interesting information about the history of wimbledon tennis tournaments . 
i look forward to meeting your group at our conference . 
yours sincerely , 
report . 
introduction:
the purpose of this report is to give a brief description of the academy of art in st petersburg . in my opinion this building is the best place to visit . 
location:
this building is situated on the magnificent bank of the niva river with an excellent view of the hermitage museum . 
history:
the building was built by a very famous russian architect and is a marvellous example of russian classic architecture of the xviii century . 
facilities:
in the academy of art you can find the oldest art library , with a wide range of books , and the museum of russian art , with a huge collection of paintings , sculpture and architectural projects from the early eighteenth to late twentieth centuries . it is also a good opportunity to be introduced to the russian system of art education . 
conclusion:
the building of the academy of art in st petersburg is worth visiting and interesting because of its historic and educational aspects . 
dear mrs smith , 
i have received your letter which informs me you are now in charge of the group of students attending the international conference . 
it is my pleasure to help you with the information you need . 
your group has been booked into the palace hotel , located on the high street , opposite the post office . 
the conference will be held in the royal hall , and the best way to get there from the hotel is by bus . take the 67 route and it will take you just in front of the royal hall . 
the end-of-conference party will be hold in francescos restaurant , just by the royal hall . you should wear casual clothes . 
about what you can do in the area in the free time you have , i would suggest you visit the modern art museum which now has a new exhibition . another suggestion could be to visit the zoo , or just walk through spring gardens , which are beautiful at this time of the year . 
i hope all this information is helpful for you . 
yours sincerely , 
the telephone : a great invention . 
imagine your life without a telephone . yes , i know , it is very hard to imagine our lives without this invention . 
think about the people living at the time it was invented . it must have been such an exciting thing being able to talk to someone living thousands of miles away . . . . . . . . and now for us it is just as simple as dialling a number and talking to whoever we want to . 
of course it is nice to have a phone conversation with friends or family , but the telephone is also very important for business and emergencies . 
for example , i work for a bank , and we need to have weekly meetings with our director living 800 kilometres away , and he doesn't have to come here , we just have a phone conference where everybody can talk , and that is it ! 
what about emergencies ? a phone call in time for an ambulance can save the lives of many people having a heart attack . 
we sometimes don't realize the importance of some inventions we use in our everyday life . 
but think . . . . what would we do without them ! 
dear mrs maria , 
i am one of the students and i am going to give you some information , all you need . we have booked the hotel for you and the name of the hotel is the " palace hotel " , it is quite near the shopping centre . it is not far away . you just go along park road for about ten minutes . then you will arrive at the palace hotel , which is on the left-hand side . 
regarding the end-of-conference party , we are going to have a dinner before the end and at the end we are going to take you to the hotel . you need to wear an evening dress or suit and bow tie . 
finally , on the last day you have three hours before you catch the plane so we suggest you go to the shopping centre and buy something for your special person or go to the museum because this museum is the biggest in the world now . it is up to you . 
yours sincerely
to group leader
i am the student leader . we are grateful pleased that your group has arrived so i am going to give you information about an interesting building to visit . we recommend you go to the bbc building . 
first of all , the bbc building is the news building of england . on the ground floor , they have video cameras everywhere around the building and police officers walk around the building as well . on the first floor , they have a huge radio room , for sending and receive receiving information from all over the world , because they have small bbc buildings all over the world also ; for example , thailand , the united states of america , indonesia and canada . 
and the second floor is the newsroom where they go on air on the t . v . that is not everything . i have just given you a little information but they have more interesting things you do not know about . 
i recommend this building because this building is the main of london and this building is the second most beautiful building in london so that is why i recommend this building . 
from the student leader . 
dear mrs smith , 
thank you very much for your letter . i will be very pleased if i can help you with all your enquiries . 
the hotel which your students' group has been booked into is the palace hotel . it is fairly easy to get there from the conference . i would suggest you walk along new street , which is the one next to the river , and in 10 minutes you will see the hotel on your right-hand side . the hotel is just opposite the city hospital . 
as you possibly already know , the end-of-conference party will take place in the main reception room at the same hotel . you should be there by 7 o'clock in the evening . to answer your question , you should be fine wearing casual clothes . however , if you wish to dress smarter , there is no problem at all . 
with reference to the last afternoon , if i were you i would visit the city museum . there are many interesting works of art by famous painters of this country . if you have any time left you ought to go to the high street , where you could go shopping . 
please , do not hesitate to contact me at the above address if you need any further information . 
i look forward to meeting you at the conference . 
yours sincerely , 
inventions have affected all our lives ! 
the invention without any doubt without any doubt the invention that has affected my own life the most is the car . cars have definitely changed all our lives , and i am not referring only in a positive way , but in a negative way as well . picture this: a big city such as london or new york with no cars on their streets . can you imagine it ? to be honest , i can't . cars are part of our daily lives . traffic jams make people irritable , and sometimes really upset and violent . but people use cars , anyway . 
if we don't use them we suffer because of them . in my case i use public transport during the week to go to work but i could hardly imagine my weekends without my beloved car . i really need it to escape from the pollution , mainly caused by cars and other four-wheel motor vehicles . isn't that contradictory ironic ? to go to the countryside and be able to breathe fresh , unpolluted air , i use my car , which , in my opinion , does not help to maintain a clean atmosphere at all . 
therefore i am thinking of selling my car , which has changed my life over the last 10 years , which has given me a kind of freedom , which has gone with me to all sorts of fantastic places , and changed my life for a new life: without a car . 
dear mrs smith . 
i am writing in response to your letter in order to give you some further information about the international student conference at our college . 
i would like to inform you that your group has been booked into the palace hotel . it is situated in the centre of our town and it takes five minutes to get to the college , where the conference is going to be held . i think that the best choice for you is to take the 234 bus . the bus stop where you should get off is called " the green man " . 
with reference to the end-of-conference party , which is going to take place on tuesday from 8:00 until midnight , i would like to mention the necessary dress code . it is evening dress for women and black trousers , a white shirt and a black bow tie for men . 
lastly , i would like to give you some suggestions about ways in which you can spend your free time in our town . i am strongly convinced that you should visit the local science museum . also there is a very good shopping centre next to the museum . 
i look forward to seeing you at the conference and hope that you will have a good time in our town . 
yours sincerely
as is widely known , lots of different and important things were invented during the 20th century , nevertheless i believe that the most important one is the computer . 
it is a fact that modern society has created the demand for an ability to cope with vast amounts of information . taking that into consideration i would like to say that the computer is a priceless invention for accountants , designers , engineers and so on . another point in their favour advantage is their ability to connect to the internet . it allows you to have all the necessary information " at your fingertips " . also not least importantly is the role of computers in the process of production in factories around the world . 
on the other hand there are some disadvantages . for instance a lot of children nowadays replace their real life with a virtual world which computers create . another drawback is that in industry computers replace people's labour , which leads to increasing unemployment . 
to conclude i would like to say that the governments of all developed countries wouldn't have been so concerned about the so-called " problem 2000 " if the computer had not been so important for modern society . 
dear mrs smith , 
i have just received your letter . it was very sad news about richard brown . i have given a lot of information about the international student conference . 
firstly , the conference will take place in the palace hotel and we get from our college to there by bus . number 45 bus goes there every 5 minutes . it takes 25 minutes , which is convenient for us . secondly , there are some items on the programme that are great . first of all , the conference's head makes a short speech and then we have dinner and drinks . finally we enjoy a disco party so you should wear a suitable dress . 
on the last day i will go to your house and then we think about our's conference plane . 
i hope it will be a successful conference . 
see you soon . 
yours sincerely
alice knew that it was going to be a very special day for her . alice and jane came back home . alice is jane's boyfriend . in the morning they met and then they went to the beach . it was nice weather and they had a beautiful time . in the evening they were going to the disco party that was jane's friend's birthday party . 
jane suddenly thought about her house key that she had left inside her house and alice could see her house and he found the bathroom window was open . so he climbed on the ladder up to the window and he opened the door but policemen came there " what happened ? " 
jane explained that situation and they understood her . so they could go to the disco party . it was a very wonderful party and they have never forgotten that day . it was a very very special day . 
dear mrs smith , 
i am writing to give you the information that you asked me for . 
the group has been booked into the harris hotel . this hotel is very well placed . from there you can get a taxi , catch the number seven and eleven buses , which both take you very close to the conference centre , and also you can go by underground to get there . 
the conference starts at 5:30 pm and it finishes at 8:00 pm . then , after the conference , there will be a formal party at the group's hotel , which starts at 9:00 pm and finishes at 12:00 midnight . this party is a formal one , so you should not be casually dressed . 
in this area you can visit the central park . it is very beautiful and a very good place to relax . another place that would be interesting to visit is the old cathedral of the city . 
i hope this information would will be useful for you . 
yours sincerely sincerely 
hampton court palace
introduction:
i have been asked for information on an interesting building to visit . i went to hampton court last year , and i think it is a great place to visit . 
location:
hampton court palace is located in hampton court . i think this town is wonderful and it has a magical beauty . 
transport :
to get to hampton court palace , you need to take a train from waterloo train station . from there , the trains to hampton court depart . moreover , i think going by train is the best way to get there , because hampton court train station is very close to hampton court palace . 
price:
there is a great price for children , students , adults and families . tickets are between three and six pounds each . 
conclusion:
hampton court palace is a building with lots of history and interesting things to see . and also this would be an excellent chance for this group of american students to see it . 
to: mrs . smith
thank you for your letter , which arrived on the second of june . i am very pleased to help to organize this conference in our college , which will be held at the conference centre at bromley college starting on 20th june for 3 days . please find the information you requested as follows :
we have booked the hotel for the group . it is the " palace hotel " , which is about 10 miles away from our college . the hotel will have a coach to pick the group up from the airport on the 19th of june and then take the group to the conference and return to the hotel every day . 
regarding the end-of-conference party , we have planned a barbecue for 5 oo pm on our most idyllic playing field , which is overlooking overlooks the endless countryside and farms . at 7:00pm we can move to our student hall to have a disco dance until 10:00pm . 
for the last day , we have arranged a small party in the hotel . then we all set off to go on a sightseeing tour of bromley town centre for about two hours before you leave for the airport . bromley town centre is the most beautiful shopping centre in south east london . there are many historic buildings . i think the students will enjoy this sightseeing tour . 
if any further discussion , please let me know . 
yours sincerely , 
how wonderful " light " 
we need light every day , not just at nighttime . we need lamplight in offices and schools and other places during the daytime . how wonderful life is since the invention of electric light . here we are just talking about the light we invented apart from natural light . 
when i was small , we lived in country yard . i remember , we used to have oil lamps which used a cotton string dipping in the oil in the small bottle and made it burned the tip of the cotton string to give us light during the nighttime night . it gave very little light , and there were many things we couldn't do in the light from the oil lamps because the light range was very small . there was not any light outside our house , and no light on the road or field either . i was always very scared whenever or wherever i was , because most places covered by dark , dark and dark . this scary dark is still affecting my life now . i never stay out after dark today except accompanying by my family . 
what a big person einstein was , who invented light . he created another daytime day after sunset . people use it to do anything they want to do . we believe we can't live without light today , especially in the city . we have a long time to spend on our activities after the sun goes to bed . we definitely need light to keep on . i dare say , without light , our life would go into a dark , dark hell . 
dear mrs smith , 
i am writing to you to answer your question about the conference in london . thank you for your letter . i am very pleased to know you decided to come to the " second international conference on human rights " which will be held at albert hall college on 25 june . 
i would like to inform you that the group you belong to has been booked into the palace hotel in the centre of london from the 24th of june until the 25th of june . the albert hall college , the building where will be held the conference the conference will be held is situated near green park avenue ; to . to get to it from the palace hotel , you can take the number 26 bus , otherwise , you can take the picadilly line from south kensigton station to green park station . it takes about 10 minutes , that's the fastest quickest means of transport you can choose . the conference will start at 9 am on 25 june and will finish about 6 pm on the same day . during the day you are supposed to have a break of half an hour at 12 p . m . noon and finally , there will be a party for all the people who will be there . that will be a formal party and because of this , you will be required to be smartly dressed . ladies should wear an evening dress and gentleman gentlemen a dark suit . 
as i can see from your letter , you will have about three hours before you catch your plane , so , i would suggest you visit the tate modern museum , where you will find several interesting pictures such as dalis and warhols . 
if you need some more information or details about the conference , you can contact alexia on 0033*** . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely , 
introduction
the aim of this report is to give some suggestions to a group of american students who have just arrived in rome and want some information about an interesting building to visit . 
rome is a big city where they can find several moments and important buildings , for this reason i would suggest they visit : 
1 ) " fontana di trevi " sited in trevis square in the centre of rome . that's a small square where there is a very big fountain . it was built by the architect canovas in 1638 . that is the fountain in which the film " dolce vita " took place . 
2 ) on the other hand , there is the villa borghese building . that is a museum where they can find the most important sculptures and pictures of antonio canovas and , bernini , who lived for a long time in rome . 
conclusion
i would recommend to them these buildings because:
1 ) first of all , they are located in the centre of rome so they can take a bus to get to them move and around the city . 
2 ) secondly , they can enjoy visiting museums , and afterwards they can have something to eat or to drink in the " pizzerias' and restaurants near these famous places . in conclusion , they could combine art , history and nightlife by visiting only one place and without spending much money . 
dear marie , 
i am sorry to hear that our friend mr brown is ill . as our conference is due to start next week i will respond straight away . there is some information you have asked me about . we booked rooms for your group at the palace hotel . that is the best option because it is situated less than 5 minutes' walk from the conference centre conference centre . 
when you leave the hotel you have to turn right and you bloun the street . at the first traffic lights turn right again and you should see a big blue building . that's our conference centre conference centre . at the hotel reception you will find printed information about how to get there . 
as you know at the end of conference end of the conference there is a party . the party is due to start at 8 p . m . and will last until 3 a . m . there is a 2hr break between the end of conference end of the conference and the party . at this time you and your group can refresh yourselves . i would like to mention that because our conference that is dress-code party . 
i hope you will enjoy it . we prepared some special attractions , like live dance music and a hot and cold buffet . 
regarding your last question i can suggest visiting the royal castle . that will give you and your guests an impression about our country and history . 
yours sincerely , 
in our town there are so many interesting places to see that it is hard to choose one . in my opinion the most interesting is the castle . it is situated on a hill so it is very easy to see where it is . 
just look up and you will see that huge building . 
actually it is a whole complex , the old and the new castle , the cathedral cathedral and the very interesting underground part with its amazing crypts . 
and if you climb to the top of the main tower - the keep - you will see unforgettable views of a white town . after that you can explore our great museum at the old castle . you will find there an amazing collection of old weapons , armours armour and , we are especially proud of it , the great collection of swords . 
after that i am sure you will be happy to find a few restaurants located at the new castle . i am sure that should be enough for a one-day trip . for your information i can say that at this time we have a five-week festival and that night there will be a great display . that should complete an amazing day . 
dear mrs smith , 
i am writing this letter in reply to your letter which arrived yesterday . i do welcome you and your group , and i am willing to help you by giving the information that you have asked me for . 
firstly , let me explain the route from the palace hotel , where your group will be staying , to the conference . the hotel is located in the centre of seoul , therefore there are many ways to get to the conference . the easiest way to get there is to take the underground , which takes about 20 minutes . the map will be given to you on the day of your arrival . 
secondly , the end-of-conference party will be held in the palace hotel's percel room and starts at 6 o'clock in the evening . professor kim from my college is going to give a speech , and after that dinner will be served . the party is not very formal , so you can wear any kind of dress , as long as it is suitable for dinner . 
finally , i would like to recommend the visit to a traditional korean palace kyong bok for the last day's free time . it must be a very interesting visit for the students who have never experienced an oriental atmosphere . it is just 5 minutes walk from the hotel , and in front of the hotel gate , an airport bus will be waiting for you to take you to the airport after finishing the outing . 
i hope you will enjoy your stay in korea , and do not hesitate to contact me for any further information . 
i look forward to seeing you soon , 
yours sincerely , 
. report on kyoung bok palace - the glory of chosun kingdom . 
. introduction . 
this report provides the information about kyong bok palace , which is highly recommended for visitors from foreign countries to visit . it highlights the background history and considers the interest of young people , and makes a final recommendation . 
. history . 
the kingdom chosun has a history of 500 years and lasted until the beginning of the 20th century . kyong bok palace was the main residence of the royal family , so you will be able to imagine its size . 
as the kings of chosun loved to be a part of nature , the palace had a huge garden , however it was destroyed by the japanese army , and now there remains only a part of the original palace . there is a special monument to the last queen of chosun who was killed by the japanese army . 
. activity . 
the reason that this palace is also popular for the youngsters , who tend to dislike historical visits , would be the various activities . you can try the traditional games of korea and there is a chance to wear the traditional clothes of the royals . also there are performances which are held daily at the front gate of the palace . 
. final recommendation . 
it is out of the question not to visit kyong bok palace unless you do not want to know about korean history . you will find many interesting points there , therefore , i urge you to visit the place , if you want to experience the tradition of korea . 
dear mrs smith , 
i am writing in response to your letter where you asked me to give you more information about the international student conference and give some ideas and suggestions about what you and your students can do during your free time here . 
the group has been booked into the palace hotel , which is located in the central area of the city , so it will not take you and your students too much time to get to the town hall where the conference is supposed to be held . the easiest way to get there from your hotel is to take bus 461 or 176 ( the bus stop is opposite the hotel ) or we can hire a minibus for you but there is an extra charge for it . 
there is a party on the last day of the conference . special awards will be given to the students whose reports are the best . less of the party is likely to be as our nightclub so a lot of music , dancing and fun are provided . please note that alcoholic drinks are only sold until 11pm . you can wear whatever you like for this kind of party . 
coming back to ideas and suggestions , i've promised to give you a free afternoon before you catch your plane . i would advise you to visit our zoo or to go for a picnic in a park before you go to the party . 
yours sincerely , 
can you see how many inventions you are surrounded with in your life ? such simple and usual everyday things like a telephone , a car , a computer only seem to be normal and usual everyday for us as we use them every day . a hundred years ago people couldn't even use an electric lamp , to say nothing of a car or computer . these inventions have improved our life a lot since they appeared , but not everyone believes it is really so . 
some people say that many important inventions in our life are not so good and useful as we have got used to think thinking them . first of all they talk about the environment environmental pollution which cars and other vehicles create , overspending the electricity using electric equipment and some other problems . but in my opinion if people's inventions have a place in our lives they are right then . i think the telephone is the most important thing in many people's lives as it allows you to get in touch with anyone and it doesn't matter where you are ( i am talking about mobile phones , which a majority now have through choice ) . computers make everything much faster so everything is now based on computer systems . the electric lamp was an important invention a hundred years ago ( at that time it was like a revolution ) . i think it wouldn't be possible for us to survive without electric light . because of shipbuilding developments people were able to make all those geographical discoveries , and automobile transport is an undeniable necessity in our life . 
because of everything i have said i am more likely to think that the benefits of people's inventions are much higher greater than all their disadvantages . 
dear mrs smith , 
i have just read your letter and i am happy to help by giving you some further information . 
in reply to your first question , for the time of the conference the students will be staying at the palace hotel , where the reservation has already been made . it is situated near to our college , about five minutes' walk from the nearest tube station , which is south wimbledon . 
as you were informed , there will be a party for all participants of the conference , which will take place afterwards in the hotel restaurant . bearing in mind the fact that it will be a purely social occasion , i believe that casual clothes are the most suitable option for this event . 
finally , to answer your last question about the students' day out , i suggest visiting the local lawn tennis museums and the wimbledon tennis courts as they are one of the best international tourist attractions . 
if you have any further questions , please do not hesitate to contact me . i look forward to seeing you . 
yours sincerely , 
to: leader of the group of american students
from:
date: 12 . 06 . 2001 . 
subject: recommendations for a place to visit
introduction:
the aim of this report is to give a description and make a recommendation concerning the most interesting building in the town . 
general information:
the place i would like to recommend is the seventeenth -century royal palace . it is situated in the heart of warsaw and surrounded by the buildings of the old town . there is a square old market an old market square with the magnificent statue of king zygmunt in the centre of it . 
facilities:
. inside the palace , there is a museum with an antique collection of porcelain a collection of antique porcelain . 
. there is also a portrait gallery in the left wing of the palace . 
. the old town is the best place for an afternoon stroll , with a great deal of restaurants , cafes and street performers . 
. there is an easy reach to cashpoints , toilets , emergency services etc cashpoints , toilets , emergency services etc are within easy reach . 
positive points
. it is easy to get there by any sort of public transport . 
. there are a number of hotels or youth hostels to stay overnight , if necessary . 
. admission to most places is absolutely free . 
negative points
. a part of the palace might be closed , due to the ongoing renovations . 
. all the facilities are usually overcrowded during the summer holiday . 
conclusion:
despite the few drawbacks , i would strongly recommend the royal palace as the most suitable place to visit for the foreign students . 
dear mrs smith
i am replying to your letter concerning the help you need . i am pleased to provide the information you need for the group . 
the hotel i booked is the palace hotel which is in the centre of london just two blocks from victoria station . i think it is very convenient for the group . you know the victoria area , it is easy to travel from there to the rest of the city . about the hotel , it is clean , and has provides a good service . the rooms are doubles and each has its own bathroom and for the number of students we are getting good value value . and the best way to get to the college for the conference is to walk to victoria station , get the tram to glouster road and after 3 blocks on the left hand left-hand side you will find the college . however i am going to make a plan for each student with all of the detail details and the address . 
about the party at the end of conference , we are organising it in the same hotel which has a nice salon . it will be good for your group because you don't need to move to another place . we'll have food and drink and music for dancing . it is not a formal party so i think it is fine to wear something not too formal . 
i want to suggestions for the last day . you and your group could maybe go to green park and visit the queen's house and parliament , this area is very nice and the group would engoin after the conference to get some fresh fresh air or another . another option could be the new tell gallery tell gallery . i have never been there but it could be a good excuse visit to visit it with you . i have been hearing about the ave they have in the exhibition exhibition , it is interesting . 
i hope you found this letter useful and if you have any questions , let me know . 
i am looking forward to seeing you soon . 
yours sincerely
inventions have affected all our lives
the computer was invented 30 years or more ago and start started like a processing information with a big card which was perforated and made a small hole and each hole meant something like a coding coding code . the machine that was used for reading this card was very big , you used to need a room for the computer . i remember when i had the first lesson at the university and the teacher took us to the computer centre and i saw these machines , all my college colleagues and i were laughing was very difficult imagine imagine to imagine how you can work with this kind kind of computer . 
these days the computer is part of your life , you use it all the time sometimes . sometimes you do personal and another other times it is just just the things you need to do like go to the bank , use transport , go shopping etc . it is a machine that makes life easy and ibendow you can carry it everywhere . it is amazing the way as the fas the computer changes , the programs are more quick faster and for more useful and practical . 
but the computer has a bad side too . i whand mean we life each day we depend more and more on it . so i feel scared when i think about the consequences if some of the viruses or mad people misuse like as happen happens these days with sex or other . i work with children and the computer helps me in my job job but affected affects it too . 
so i hope the world world make makes consensus consensus reaches agreement about this and engineer engineer engineers in computer computer work computer engineers have stop to stop to prevent these problem problems because something good could be some thing something very dangerous . 
dear mrs maria smith , 
thank you for your letter . i am writing to give you some advice about the international student conference . 
first of all , the name of the hotel which we have been booked into is the palace hotel . and we have two ways to get to the conference , a bus or a train . both of them are as convenience convenient as getting there . 
the day before we will leave , we have a party which takes place in our hotel . it is a kind of formal party , so we should be well dressed . i suggest that you wear formal dress . there are will be some finger food and drinks . it might be a great party for the end of the conference . 
end of all , in my opinion we could go to the centre of the town because there are many places to have a look at and go shopping . it's quite a nice area and a suitable place to spend three hours . it could be interesting for them . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely , 
imagine our life without a telephone . if the telephone hadn't been invented , we wouldn't have lived perfectly like nowadays . don't you think we rely on it more than we imagine ? 
a telephone is used when we need to contact someone , and also in emergency situations and for the internet . it has various ways to use . however , nowadays it is not only used for these purposes , but also it keeps us company . if you feel lonely , you can talk and hear from your friends easily . then it makes you happy . 
a long time ago people lived without this perfect invention . but how ? they used to keep in touch by letter . in spite of taking a lot of time to catch up with , it was the only way . so that's why they have invented the telephone . 
now we can feel the world closer and closer beaus of a telephone . who wouldn't be thankful for this great invention ? 
dear madam , 
i have received your letter and i'm pleased to answer your questions . 
m . brown has booked rooms in the palace hotel . this is a first-class hotel . the easiest way to get from the hotel to the conference is by bus . there is a bus stop in front of your hotel . take the bus in the direction of the centre of town . after four stops , get off the bus . the name of this bus stop is 'kongresshaus' . when you get off the bus , the conference is in the building across the road . you can't miss it . 
afterwards we will eat together in a restaurant and we will go to a disco . for the disco , you mustn't wear blue jeans . 
finally , on your last day , i suggest you do a sightseeing tour in our town . it takes you two hours . afterwards you will have some time to buy some souvenirs from switzerland . if you have any more questions , write back to me . 
yours faithfully , 
i will write about the invention of the computer . 
with the computer , our work is easier and more interesting . 
before the time of computers , people had to write a whole letter every time . when they wanted to correct a word , they had to write the whole letter again . with the computer , we can write a letter , correct a word or change the name without writing the whole letter again . we save the letter and in three weeks we could send it to another person . 
i work in a bank and i work all day with computers . if we hadn't any , we would have to write all the transactions on paper . 
if i order money for our bank with the computer , i can be sure that it will arrive the day after . but if i had to write a letter and to send it by post , the money would arrive two or three days after . 
i have never worked without a computer , but if we hadn't any , we would find it normal . 
dear mrs maria smith , 
i'm pleased to be able to help you with the international student conference . 
the hotel into which the group has been booked is the palace hotel , which is situated near the big bridge of mont blanc . 
to get from the hotel to the conference , you have to take the highway in direction in the direction of lausanne , and after nearly half an hour of driving you come out at the place which is indicated with coppet , divonne . when you come out , just go right , and then turn left to follow the directions to the chtaigneroie school . 
the end-of-conference party will take place at the same place . some musicians will play classical music , and there will be many different drinks and food . 
you should wear formal clothes , but not necessarily really pretty clothes . 
for three hours , you could visit the museum of the red cross , which is very interesting . 
i hope that this information will help you . 
sincerely yours , 
the mobile phone , a very useful invention ! 
during all mankind's history , there were discoverers who tried to make human life better , but it is in the last century that there were the biggest discoveries made the biggest discoveries were made . 
when the phone without a cable was invented , one wasn't sure if it would be a success or not . but the research went on , and the mobile phone is always getting smaller and more useful . 
the mobile phone is an important invention , because nearly everybody has one , and so one can always call somebody if there is a problem . 
moreover , some mobile phones have a connection to the web , so it is easy to read the newspapers if one hasn't enough money to buy them . 
personally , the mobile phone has affected my own life , because when somebody is phoning me at home , i don't have to rush to get the phone , being afraid that it's too late . 
i recommend this extremely important invention to those who still don't have a mobile phone . 
dear maria , 
i would be pleased to help you with all your questions and i will provide you with the information which you need as far as i can . 
i would like to inform you that centeral red lion hotel has been booked for the accommodation of the group and it will be quite easy to get everywhere on foot from the hotel during your stay . 
as you know , we are arranging an evening party on the third day of the week , we can say that it is a kind of relaxation time . nothing will be special . the place is the college garden . the time is 7 pm . there is no need to bother about clothes . everybody can wear something casual . 
before you leave england , i suggest you visit the canals and small villages around basingstoke . you could have the opportunity to see the country life . 
yours sincerely , 
time flies
i have to admit that whoever invented cars and transportation vehicles came up with the most respectable inventions of the world . i say that they must be the most important things for us because they save our time passing so fast . 
can you deny how quickly we get somewhere by car or by bus ? maybe it is maybe 10 times as quick as getting somewhere on foot . try to imagine your life without having any of them . wouldn't it be unbearable and painful ? 
certainly it would be just like mine because i live in a rural area , far from any village , town , or city centre . to reach the nearest civilization takes me 1 hour on foot . i have no car , and no local bus service to use . even coming to basingstoke seems like an international journey to me . and of course this stops me everytime to live sociable life . but also i'm aware that time flies for me . i must do whatever i want before it is too late . and i have to confess the invention of the car was the most useful invention for humanity . 
dear mrs maria smith , 
i was delighted to receive your letter and to know that a group of students from your college have decided to take part in our international student conference . 
as you need more information , i will answer all your questions with pleasure . firstly , the palace hotel has been booked for your group . it is one of the most comfortable hotels in our city and situated only half a mile from the main building of our college , so it is very simple to get from there to the conference by foot . 
secondly , our end-of-conference party includes dinner and dancing . i would advise you to wear something not very formal . 
finally , you can spend an afternoon on the last day visiting local historic places ( castles built in the 13th century ) or art galleries , as well as the beautiful bodnant garden . 
i am looking forward to the meeting with you and our shared work during conference . 
yours sincerely
there are many different people's inventions around us . we are so used to them that sometimes we think they always existed . some of them are very practical , others are rather strange . 
i think that one of the most important inventions affecting our life is the telephone . 
imagine life without a phone . you are on the road , you have a car accident . what are you going to do without a phone ? in another situation , your son is ill , he needs help urgently . i am sure the phone has saved many lives . besides , it is always very nice to ring your friend or mum , only chatting to chat in any time . thanks to the phone , it is possible even your mum to speak to your mum even when she is at the other end of the earth . 
to be honest , the next greatest invention of mankind , the computer , can't work if you haven't got the phone . so i am very grateful to the man who invented it , unfortunately . unfortunately , i have forgotten his name . it always happens with people , doesn't it ? try asking who invented the wheel or the book . 
chne-bourg , tuesday 12th june . 
dear mrs smith , 
it is with great regret that i hear of mr brown's illness , and i hope to see him soon in excellent health . nevertheless , i am both pleased and honoured to expect you and your group in the context of our international meeting . 
we have made arrangements for you to stay at the palace hotel . furthermore , since it is located between the airport and our location , a shuttle bus has been organised to take all our guests from the hotel to the conference room . 
the end-of-conference party is to be held in the 'royal room' of the hotel , which has an outstanding reputation for its quality and seriousness . therefore , all the guests will be asked to wear the appropriate clothes in order to be accepted . 
as for the three hours of free time , i strongly suggest you to check in check in your luggages luggage check your luggage in at the airport and then , after a five-minute bus ride , spend your time in the marvellous 'old city' . 
best regards , 
my fair mobile phone . 
the technological revolution taking place today can be directly linked to the amazing evolution of our communications technology over the last few years . the inevitable invention symbolizing this aspect in our daily life is , of course , the mobile phone . 
it is clear and irrefutable that the use of this invention has become a necessary condition in some professional activities . trades , politicians and taxi drivers are but a few examples of such needs . however , the average man seems to ignore how important and useful a mobile phone becomes when in the hands of a high-school student . 
it then becomes a real obsession for the average student , as he uses it before the lessons , during the lessons , during lunch and , especially , during examinations . . . nevertheless , it is also a common mistake to believe that the sole purpose of such a usage is to communicate information during an exam , since its major role is actually to allow the student and the parents to discuss during every day's courses . the bottom line is that any teacher complaining about this situation should confiscate not the student's phone , but his parents' ! 
dear mrs . smith , 
i have just received the letter from you and i'm writing to you as soon as possible . i can promise you that i'll do my best to help you . you told me that you are the leader of a group of students this year , because mr. brown is ill . poor mr. brown . i hope he will get better soon . 
i've just checked and the group has been booked into the palace hotel . the best way to get from there to the conference is by coach , which i have arranged for you . the driver , mr. olsson , works for us since . he will pick you up at 11:00 a . m . the conference is from 12:00 to 2:00 p . m . at the end of the conference there is a party from 2:00 to 3:00 . i suggest you wear comfortable and nice clothes because i have planned a sightseeing tour for you . before you catch your plane at 8:00 p . m . i'd like to show you a museum , a gallery and the gardens that belong to the palace . then we can have a rest in the cafe and talk before your flight home . i think i have given you all the important information . i hope to see you all soon . 
yours sincerely , 
nowadays motorization is one of the most important inventions . when you look among around everybody has a car or motorcycle . no matter that people started worried more about pollution in the world . 
let me to tell you how the invention of the motorcycle has affected my life . i love motorcycles and i don't think i could live without them . i ride have ridden a motorcycle since i was 16 years old . me and my brother used to go to rock concerts . we met a lot of people there who were as mad about motorcycles as we were . we were organized organized races and trips . we were riding rode motorcycles for a few days before we finally got to our meeting points . 
i really enjoy riding my motorcycle . people say that it is dangerous ; i don't think so . when i ride it is only me and my motorcycle . in front of me and behind are my friends , who i like and trust . and around me is the countryside , which i can watch and enjoy while we look for a camp . we can go to any place we like , avoiding traffic and crowded buses and trains , etc . 
i am really grateful to the people who invented the first motorcycle in the world . i feel very bad about the fact that i don't know who it was . on the other hand no matter that i feel very good about that because that invention has changed and affected my life and the people i care about ; it has affected my life in the very best way . 
dear mrs maria smith , 
thank you very much for your letter . as you asked me in the letter , i am very happy to help you with the details of the conference . 
the hotel that your group will be staying at is the palace hotel . it is reasonably near to the college , so it may be very nice to walk from the hotel along the river thames following the yellow signs on sunny days . if it rains , you can take the 54 bus that stops in front of the college . 
the end-of-conference party is designed to give a rough idea taste of many different cultures . so you will enjoy traditional foods , music , dances and games from all over the world . as a part of this , the leader of each group has to wear the national dress of her country . other members of the groups can wear normal , attractive formal dress . 
on the last day , i recommend that you visit the place that is located at the centre of our city . it is about 1000 years old , so i am sure that you will find it fascinating to see it . 
yours sincerely , 
can you imagine your life without any computers at all ? well , i am sure that you can hardly do this unless you are living deep in a forest or in a desert ! 
if you think about how many computers we use every day and how dependent we are on them , it must be clear to you that the invention of computers has certainly had a significant impact on all our lives . for example , all infrastructures , such as public transport and power stations , are run using computers , the government uses them to organise all sorts of things in a country , and all kinds of institutions and businesses , such as hospitals and supermarkets , use them as essential capitals . in other words , almost all aspects of our lives today rely on computers . so i am sure from this that it is convincing enough to say that invention of computers is really important . 
from my personal experience , i can also say that a personal computer is also an amazing tool . it improves the productivity of my homework , which involves often often involves essay writing , and also it allows me to access the internet . since i live abroad , the internet is really useful for me to have a contact with my best friend and when i want to know what is going on in my home country . 
to sum up , i can say that the greatest ever invention is the invention of computers , which has affected both individuals and society as a whole . 
dear mrs . smith , 
i am writing in reply to your enquiry about this year's international conference . 
the conference will be held at the palace hotel on old street . there will be signs to follow from the central train station . the conference is commencing commences on 31st june 2001 from 10 . 00-15 . 00 . a light lunch will be provided . 
after the conference , there will be a relaxing party . there is no dress code for the party . however , i suggest you wear the same outfit that you will wear for the conference . 
i have included a local map . there are some ideas on the back of the map . please let me know if you would like to book one of the city-walk tours . we have arranged special discounts for the conference attendees . personally i recommend the dickens tour because it is a good length walk and very historical . 
i hope that i have covered all the information you will need and look forward to seeing you . 
yours sincerely , 
p . s . please find the map enclosed . 
there are several interesting buildings in the city of london . i believe liverpool street station is at the top of the list . 
the building itself looks grand and elegant . despite the fact that this building serves half a million commuters in a day , it is always clean and functional . 
there are two parts of liverpool street station that make it so interesting a building . the newly decorated section is fairly modern in style with escalators and touch-screen ticket machines . it is also very well linked to the old underground station , which is such a contrast in transformation . the old bit is rather unique and charming . you can really imagine what it looked like in the old days . 
there is another surprising section in this building . at the far side of the station it is connected to a spacious , well-designed pedestrians' public park . it is a good example of great architecture that was designed to provide services for the public . 
finally , it is in the heart of the city and everyone will be able to find it without doubt without doubt everyone will be able to find it . 
12 june 2001
dear mrs smith
thank you for your letter dated 8 june 2001 . i hope i can give you the information you need , so the conference will be a great experience for you and your group . 
your group will stay at the palace hotel . the palace hotel is situated in the town centre next to the railway station . a free shuttel bus shuttle bus takes you to the conference center conference centre . the bus leaves at 8 a . m . from the front entrance of the hotel . 
the end-of-conference party is in a tent and in the green ground grounds . there will be a barbecue , a place to dance and much more . it will be a surprise ! i suggest that you wear leisure clothes for the party . 
on the last afternoon you could go on a city tour , visit the museum of fine arts , or enjoy the beautiful flower garden next to the public park . 
i hope i was able to have been able to give you some ideas . i look forward to seeing you . 
yours sincerely , 
what would life be without the phone ? 
have you ever thought about a world without the phone ? what was it like in the 18th century with no possibility of communicating by phone , and what would it be like now ? 
i cannot imagine how our life would be . we live in a busy world . in the business world you use the phone all the time to speak with your clients , to make appointments , to order an article etc . ; so , time is money ! 
how has the phone affected my own life ? i think that is a good question to think about . i could not call my friends from another city and just say " hello " . it would be difficult and would take more time to make an appointment . 
so , what did the phone revolution has the phone revolution done for us ? it saves us time . 
neuchtel , 12th june 2001
dear mrs smith , 
thank you for your recent letter . first , i would like to congratulate you on your new responsibility , because of mr brown's illness . 
i will give you with great pleasure all the details needed . 
your group is staying at the palace hotel , which is located directly opposite the bus station . 
to go to the conference from your hotel is really easy . you have to take the number 1 bus and get off at " black house " , which is the third stop . 
after the conference , at about 8 pm a party is being organised . during it , everybody will have the opportunity to meet and talk to the speakers of the conference . food and beverages will be available . after the cocktails , the band " zero one " will play their famous songs . 
the clothes required for the party are suits for men and cocktail dresses for women . 
before your departure , you will have time to visit the olympic museum or to do a sightseeing tour of our city . 
i hope you will enjoy your stay in our city and look forward to meeting you at this conference . 
yours sincerely , 
report on the " paintings museum " 
in order to write this report , i spent hours in this wonderful museum . there , i saw the exhibitions and admired the building itself . i walked around the garden too . 
location
the museum is located in ouchy , opposite the " delamuraz hotel " . it is close to the main road , and 300 metres from the station . 
outside
the building is made of white stones . it has two floors . before going inside , you have to pass through the huge garden . there , ponds , pools , trees , flowers and ducks can be admired . i recommend you to take your swimsuit , because in summer , it is allowed to swim in the pools . 
inside
when you are inside the museum , you will be impressed by the paintings on the walls . they were all painted during the war by nurses . if you go down a few steps , you will discover the cellar . everything in this room is connected with wine . 
to learn the whole history of the building , there is a room dedicated to it on the first floor . 
i particularly recommend you to visit the " blue " room . everything in this room is blue , the carpet , the ceiling and even the door . 
according to the owner , it was a room where in the past people used to go when they were depressed . 
conclusion
to sum up , i would like to add that this house is the most famous in our city . you should come and visit it for the paintings or for the building itself . 
you won't be disappointed . 
the only negative point is that you have to pay 10 francs to visit the house and the garden . 
dear mrs smith , 
i'm writing in reply to your letter in which you asked me for help . i hope i will be able to give you the information you need for the group of students who are coming to the conference . 
firstly , the palace hotel is waiting for you and your students . the best way to get from there to the college where the conference will take place is simply to walk . actually , the college is situated 500 metres from the hotel . 
as you know , the conference will be followed by a party . it will begin at 7 p . m . and last until late in the evening . you don't need to worry about what you should wear to this event . in fact , the purpose of the end-of-conference party is to relax after a busy day . therefore you and your students can put jeans and sport shoes on . 
to conclude , we decided to organize a guided tour by coach , as you have an afternoon free before your plane takes off . 
i hope the international student conference will help everyone to get to know each other better and that it will be a success . 
yours sincerely , 
dear sir or madam , 
i'm writing in reply to your letter in which you asked me for information on an interesting building to visit . there are so many places of interest in lausanne , but i think that the olympic museum is the most notable for the following reasons:
the olympic museum dates from the 19th century and is the biggest in europe . it shows all the different sports men have been doing since the first olympic games in greece . you can see the evolution of sports and understand why changes gradually have been made to improve them . you can admire every kind of equipment you need to do any particular sport . you will be informed about the history of sport in general and about the new technologies which are used nowadays in high competitions . 
the museum is near the city centre and is accessible by bus or walking . it will take you an afternoon to visit it and then you can enjoy a drink or a meal in the restaurant on the third floor , which is well known for being one of the best establishments in lausanne . 
i hope my recommendations will help you in the choice of a building to visit . 
yours faithfully , 
dear mrs smith , 
i'm writing in response to the letter we have received from you , in order to let you know all the information you have asked for . 
first of all , your group has been booked into the palace hotel , main road 21 21 main road , which is situated not far from our college . i'd suggest you walk . it will only take you about seven minutes . just follow main road until you reach a junction , where you turn right and then walk along denl-a-lion road . the college is a huge , yellow building - you can't miss it . 
secondly , you have requested information about the end-of-conference party . it will begin at 6 o'clock p . m . and last until midnight . all the students will be provided with sacks and we have managed to book a band as well . the location of the party isn't fixed yet , but we will let you know after your arrival . 
there is no need to put on special clothes for the party . casual dress should do just as well , because we want everyone to feel comfortable . 
last but not least i will give you some ideas about where to spend your free afternoon . i'd suggest you visit our local museum , as there is a marvellous exhibition there at the moment . provided the weather is fine , you could also go swimming or make a tour of our beautiful town . ( i could book a guide for you if you're interested . ) 
please write back or call me if there is any more information you need . 
i'm looking forward to meeting you and wish you all the best . 
yours sincerely , 
the telephone , a blessing . 
who of you could imagine life without the telephone ? not being able to call your friend and ask if you can pop over for a moment ? not being able to lie to your mother-in-law and pretend you can't attend her garden party because of an illness , without having to look her in the eye ? when alexander graham bell first invented the telephone , he had no idea how popular it would be one day . its first application was in order to listen to a concert if you were not able to attend it in person . nowadays , however , the whole world is connected by a telephone system and no one can imagine life without it . 
take me , for example , i use it whenever there is a problem and i need some advice , or when i have to call off a meeting for any reason . i cannot always walk to the person and say " sorry , i must cancel our meeting " , because then it's too late anyway , isn't it ? 
life definitely wouldn't be the same without the invention of the telephone . we use it daily in order to get information or to pass it on . 
just try to spend one week without using a telephone at all , and you will see that it is impossible to do so . so don't take the telephone for granted , but keep in mind that our modern way of life is mainly due to its invention . 
dear mrs smith , 
i would like to thank you for your letter . i am sorry to learn that richard brown cannot attend the conference . please give him my best wishes for his recovery . 
we have booked rooms for all members of your group at the palace hotel . it is a very cosy building that is on the same avenue as the conference building , approximately one mile away . there is a direct bus link between the two locations: this is the number six bus line ; the bus stop for the conference building is called " avenue de cour " and the one at the palace hotel is named " main station " . 
concerning the party , we do not have a casual dress code . students usually wear dark clothes , with a tie for the boys and a medium-length skirt or dress for the girls . 
there are a lot of activities you can do during your free afternoon . i would like to suggest visiting the " ethnographic museum " which is kind of unique in the world . 
looking forward to meeting you soon
i remain , yours sincerely , 
the car:
i think that the car is one of the human inventions that has most affected the way of life of people from industrial countries . 
nowadays more than the percents of world industry is related to the automotive business: car manufacturing , oil extraction and refining , tyre recycling , and so on . 
the industrial countries have encountered great change in their structures since the car has been made available to everyone . 
at the beginning of the last century only a few very rich people could afford a car; it was a kind of leisure or sport to drive one . today almost everyone owns a car and needs it for daily activities . the transport network has changed in accordance with this social evolution . 
the increasing number of cars related and infrastructure is now creating problems . 
a lot of roads and motorways are overcrowded , and environment environmental problems are more and more related to the intensive use of cars and lorries . 
people and governments are concerned about how to limit the effects of cars on the environment without affecting their mobility . 
this will be a tough challenge for this new century . 
dear mrs smith:
my name is juniper . i am helping to organise the conference in the college . i received your letter the other day and i am writing to answer your questions . 
the group has been booked into the palace hotel , which is not very far from the place where the conference will be held . you can take the no . 41 bus from the hotel to the conference . it only takes ten minutes approximately . 
as for the end-of-conference party , it will be on the morning of the last day , starting at 9:00 . all the students and staff will attend together in the hall . they can play games and talk about their personal experiences . the main aim of this is to strengthen the friendship among all these pupils coming from all over the world . so it would be fine if you wore casual clothes and looked smart . 
i have made arrangements for the afternoon on the last day for you . if you are free i will show you around our college . you can visit our newly built science lab as well . i'm sure you would acquire a lot of knowledge there . 
i'm looking forward to meeting you . 
best wishes . 
best choice
welcome to london . you asked me about an interesting building to visit . in my opinion , i recommend the british museum . one of the reasons is you can learn almost everything about british history there . 
the museum looks very old , like some other buildings in london , but it is very modern inside . after going through the enormous main door , you can see a huge round white building , which is a library . a lot of famous people have been to this library ! 
the british hall is on the first floor , not far from the library . it shows a large number of valuable things . almost every one tells you a story or gives you a picture of british history . i'm sure all the students will gain a wonderful lesson ! 
apart from national history , there are more contents about the history of the world . you can go to many sections such as the asian hall , egyptian hall , european hall and so on . the countless fascinating things will definitely take you the whole day to appreciate . after a visit to the british museum , you will certainly be able to put your history textbook away ! 
also you don't have to pay any money for it , and the transport is extremely convenient , therefore the british museum is your best choice . don't be hesitant any more ! 
dear mrs smith , 
i am writing to you to give you the information about the conference . 
the hotel your group has been booked into is called the palace hotel . it is simple to find your way from this hotel to the conference . you only need to cross the street in front of your hotel . there you will find a modern building with two different doors , a red one and a blue one . you are asked to go through the blue door . after entering , you will see the conference room which will be signposted . 
we have organized an end-of-conference party on the day before your departure . everyone is welcome to join in with this party in order to get to know each other in a good atmosphere . you should wear nice comfortable clothes . this is an informal party . 
i suggest you visit the old part of zurich or go to the zoo before your departure . 
i am looking forward to meeting you at the conference . if there are any more questions , please contact me . 
yours sincerely , 
the most important invention
i love baking cakes , cookies and breads . baking is my passion and in the town where i live i'm known for making the best cakes in the area . it doesn't matter what kind of mood i am in , i can do it all the time and it makes me feel good . 
but i couldn't bake without an oven . i'm so grateful for this invention which allows me to live my passion . 
i think the oven is one of the most important inventions . if there is someone who doesn't agree with me , he or she should try to live for one month without using an oven . in addition to that , he or she should look carefully into what he or she buys . i'm positive that after such an experience everyone would say that the oven is a really important invention for our lives . 
i'd like to thank the person who invented the oven . thank you ! 
dear mrs . smith , 
i am writing in reply to your letter . i am sorry about richard brown . and i understand that you need help , so i will help you as far as i can . 
firstly , the hotel which has been booked for you is palace hotel which is located close to the conference . in order to get from the hotel to the conference , you just need to take the bus we will provide . secondly , the end-of-conference party will take place in the same hall as the conference at 6 p . m . , which includes dinner and an announcement by the president of the conference . the party is arranged as a casual party , therefore , you can wear comfortable clothes . you can expect to meet many students from other schools as well . finally , if you want to have an exciting experience here , i strongly suggest that you go to the musicals . as you may have heard , our city is well known for the musicals . or , if you want to relax , you can take a walk in the park situated at ten minutes' distance on foot from the hotel . whatever you choose , you will be satisfied with your choice . 
if you have more questions about the conference or anything else , do not hesitate to ask me . i would be glad to be able to help you . 
yours sincerely , 
some inventions are not regarded as great things even though life without them cannot be imagined . people do not have the impression on important inventions any more , because they have been getting more popular and common . 
however , there is something about which it is still believed that it was an extremely important invention . this is electricity , invented by edison . in my opinion , the reason why electricity is such an important invention is that most machines , appliances and equipment which are used in modern times can only be operated with electricity , which makes people not do too much physical labour . what is more , many inventions have been accelerated by electricity . 
in my life , i use electricity in many different ways . at night , i can study because of it . and it also saves my time which would be used up doing housework such as laundry , cleaning rooms and ironing . it makes my life more convenient than it would be without it . 
to sum up , although people do not feel that electricity is a great invention any more , the fact that electricity is one of the most important inventions in the world will not be changed . 
12th june 2001
dear mrs . maria smith , 
i am very glad to help you with the international student conference . i hope that our friend richard brown doesn't have any serious illness illnesses . 
referent , where is the conference ? this will be in the casino hotel and we don't need to worry about the best way to get there because all the main routes in devonport have signs that show the correct way to this popular hotel . 
after the conference , there is a party in the same hotel . at this party , there will be some food , soft drinks , music and a special place for dancing . this party is for the students so the clothes won't be so formal . 
on the free day before catching our plane , we can choose between two options for spending our free time . one is a guided tour of the centre city city centre , and another is visiting the chocolate factory . 
please , if you have any more questions , please call me on 38755980 . 
yours sincerely , 
i can live without this . 
it's true . in our lives , maybe , couldn't be without electricity . some people can live without this , but i am sure that the world would be very different . 
when we use different equipment in our homes , we are using electricity . small things but very important in our lives . for example: t . v . , computer , just light and a long list that now i cannot write . 
i don't like thinking of my house or my life without all these facilities . in winter when it gets dark very early , and after , i need to spend my free time at home . what can i do without my music and my computer ? 
now , you just need to think that you would do or what would happen in a city , with a car , aeroplanes , shops , all these things without lights . 
finally , i think that everybody knows that electricity is a very important invention and for me it is the best . 
dear mrs smith , 
thanks for your last letter and i am sorry about not giving you enough information . 
we have already booked a 4-star hotel - the palace hotel , which is near the river thames , in walton-on-thames . it is not far away from the station so we will go there by train . the end-of-conference party will be held in an indian restaurant , which is next to the hotel . it is supposed to be from 7 pm to 11 pm . also there are some competitions and exciting games after dinner and a disco is also provided . you can wear anything you like . we would like you just to be yourself and have fun . 
as you know , our area is quite famous and lots of people come and visit it every year . there are so many things to do . unfortunately , there are just 3 hours . i recommend the high street in the centre of our area because it is quite good for shopping . so you can buy gifts for your friends or families . 
i hope i have given you enough information and if you still have some questions , please do not hesitate to contact us . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely , 
nowadays , our lives are becoming better and better . lots of great inventions have been invented in order to help people live comfortably . if you ask me which is the greatest invention of all , i will say that it is the television . 
" television is just an amazing invention . " my good friend said that . i agree with her . firstly , televisions let us know more about the world without travelling it all . if there were no televisions , we wouldn't know what were the other countries the other countries were like , or even what language they speak , unless we went to that country . 
secondly , in some ways , it can educate young children . many tv programmes are specially made for children , such as " learn follow me " and " be good to others " . actually , they are quite good programmes and helped me learn what i should do generally or how to behave well when i was still a child . 
last but not least , it is a good kind of entertainment . maybe you think that playing basketball and going to cinemas and discos are much better than staying at home sitting in front of an object . however , televisions can bring you the fun that other activities can't . if sometimes i don't want to go out and i don't want to be lonely , it's easy , i just turn on the television and enjoy myself . 
however , everything has its advantages and disadvantages . personally , i do think televisions are the most important invention . 
dear mrs . maria smith , 
i got your letter this morning and i am very pleased to give you some information . 
as i know , he booked the palace hotel in the downtown area . when you go to the conference , you can take a bus or a taxi . but if you have enough time , i would like to recommend walking because there are a lot of beautiful trees and you can see the sea . and also it takes just fifteen minutes . i think everybody can enjoy it . 
by the way , the end-of-conference party is a kind of farewell party . there will be three parts . the first part , the chairman and a few guests will give a speech and the second part , the participants will evaluate themselves , and the last part will consist of dinner and drinks . it will not be too formal a party . so you can wear what you like . 
moreover , i would like to recommend a 'city tour' for three hours . everybody will enjoy themselves . it is 12 each and there is a reduction for groups . 
i hope it will be a good tip for you and if you have any problem , you can contact me anytime . and have a nice time in my town and send my regards to richard . 
yours sincerely , 
nowadays there are a lot of inventions around the world , and they make us more comfortable and our lives more convenient . moreover we cannot live without them . for example: electricity , the computer , telephone , boat , and car ( wheel ) , etc . none of them are unimportant for us . 
but i think the invention of electricity is the most important thing among them . if you look around at home , there are a lot of electric things . electricity made us able to invent other things . it also gave us more free time , especially for women . it has absolutely reduced women's housework time . 
even more we can enjoy our night we can enjoy our night even more with lights . if we want to do something , we can do it at night the same as in the day . 
finally , the quality of our life is changed by electricity . it could reduce our working time and make us enjoyable . it is also advancing more and more . it will give us a better future ! 
have you ever imagined that you would drive an electric car ! 
12 june , 2001
dear mrs maria smith , 
thank you for your letter about the international student conference . here are the answers to your questions . 
you will stay in the palace hotel , which is situated opposite the railway station , camberley . to get to the conference , you catch the no . 7 coach from the station and get off at the camberley college bus stop . it takes 5 minutes from the station . when you get here , just turn to the left and you will find the stadium where the conference will be held . 
the end-of-conference party will be held in the cafeteria in the college , which is next to the stadium . it starts at 6 p . m . and ends at 10 pm . we will prepare traditional english meals and some students from foreign countries will prepare their ethnic foods . 
there is a museum next to the camberley station , which has a good collection of paintings and pottery , and it would be a good place for you to spend your free time . also , there are a lot of shops around there . you can buy souvenirs . 
i am looking forward to meeting you . 
yours sincerely , 
to: student from the united states
from: juli
the aim of this report is to describe the haunted castle in camberley . 
place
this castle is situated in the centre of the town and surrounded by woods . the inside of the castle is always dark , even in the daytime . 
story
it is 500 years old , and it is said to be haunted by a lady ghost . she appears occasionally and opens every window in the castle . it is believed that she was a nanny who worked there and fell out of the window . people said she was seeking something and is still seeking it even though she has been dead for 500 years . 
conclusion
the ghost story may not be true , but it has good furniture from the 16th century , and the castle itself is very beautiful . i think it is worthwhile seeing it . 
i hope you'll enjoy going there . 
dear mrs smith , 
i have received received your letter this morning . i am sorry to hear that richard is ill and is unable to attend the conference; i am glad that you are able to be the leader of the group . i hope that the information below is very useful to you , during your attendance at the conference . 
i have booked a hotel not far from our school . the hotel is called the epsom down hotel . your plane will arrive in england by 9:00 . there will be a coach waiting for you , and the driver will be next to the information desk . you should arrive at the hotel by 11:00 . you will then have an hour to check in and unpack all your luggage . the conference will start on time at 12:30 , so i would suggest you leave the hotel by 12:00 . the best way to get to the conference is to follow the college road and turn left toward the end . you then keep going straight . you will eventually see the main entrance to the college . when you get into the college you can just ask any boys in the college where to go from then . they all know where the conference is and when . 
at the end of the conference , we will have a party . the party is to let all the students to get get to know each other better . the party will be in the dance hall next to the conference room . i would suggest they wear formal clothing , such as tie , trousers and blazer . 
for the afternoon free time on the last day , there are a wide variety of choices in the things that they can do . they can play tennis , do athletics , swim . . . and many other sports events activities in our school , if they want to . or they can also visit epsom town . there are shops which sell clothes , food , and books . . . they can decide what they want to do . it's entirely up to them . 
i am looking forward to seeing you and hope you have a safe flight over to england . 
yours sincerely , 
dear group leader , 
welcome to taiwan . this report is based on an interesting building , where you can take your students . this building is situated in taipei , the capital . the building is called the chiang kei-shek memorial hall . nearly everyone knows where this building is , so if you have a chance , just ask the local people in taipei about this building . 
the memorial memorial hall is surrounded by large playgrounds . as you go into the main hall , you will see a huge statue of chiang kei-shek . this is because the building is the remembrance of how well chiang did in history . the statue is about 20 feet high . the statue is protected by guards . the guards will change every four hours . 
apart from the main hall , there are also lots of other galleries . in these galleries there are historical paintings and antique furniture which chiang used . these treasures are very old , even older than the history of america . all these treasures were brought over to taiwan by chiang during the defeat in china . they are all being well looked after . 
as well as all the treasures , statues and historical paintings . . . there are also restaurant's restaurants and modern galleries . when you are tired after looking around you might want to buy drinks or something to eat , or if you are fed up with historical things , you might as well just pop into the modern gallery to see things which are more modern . 
finally , if you want to visit this building i would recommend you stay at a hotel not far from the memorial hall called the hyatt hotel . it only takes about five minutes if you walk . i hope you will all have a great time in taiwan and i hope you will enjoy the building . 
dear mrs smith , 
i have received your letter dated the 12th of june 2001 . i am very happy to help you and i hope that the information that i am going to give you will be satisfactory . 
the international student conference will be in the palace hotel in lausanne . the hotel is a big building in the middle of the town near the square , " st-franois " . and the name of the street is " grand-chne " . you cannot miss it . 
after the conference , we are going to stay in the palace hotel but instead of staying in the conference room , we are going to move to the reception room where a dinner will be served for us . afterwards , a live band is going to play for the rest of the night . regarding the clothes , you have to wear something smart and classic . 
if you want to stay in lausanne during your free afternoon , the best thing to do is to go to ouchy . there , you can enjoy the landscape and sunbathe . 
yours sincerely , 
olympic museum
the aim of this report is to give you further information on an interesting building to visit in lausanne . it is based on my own experience . 
why the olympic museum ? 
the olympic museum is situated near the lake and offers , for the tourist , an unbelievable view of the mountains and the lake . but also the museum has a lot of gardens with several statues . also , the architecture of the building is beautiful and very modern . first of all , the main interest of the museum is olympic history . you can find a lot of documentaries documents about it and you have several competitors personal objects . in addition , you can play several interactive games and learn about the rules of the olympic games . 
reasons for recommendation . 
the principal reason is the cheap price . you pay only to frs for entry and you can stay all the time that you want . on the other hand , if there are more than 10 people , you can pay a group price and pay only 6 frs per person . it seems that this option might be the best way to visit this museum . 
conclusion . 
to sum up , the olympic museum is a very attractive place and could be a good trip with your family or your student group . therefore , if you want to learn something about the olympic games , it must be the best place for you . 
dear maria , 
i'm so happy to help you with this international student conference . i'm sorry to hear about richard . could you please give him my best wishes for his health ? i'm sure that you can perfectly replace him to lead your group . 
first , you should know that you are booked into the palace hotel , that is one of the best in the town . the access to the conference place is very easy . first of all , you must walk down central street until you arrive at the bus stop , then you take the number two bus that goes directly to the college . 
after the conference , there is a great party that is being organised by friends . it starts at eight o'clock until the end of the night , so be prepared ! there is no special theme for the wearing style dress code but it would be more fun if you wear something crazy . . . 
finally , i suggest you go to the new college swimming pool on the last day in the afternoon . everybody will go there . i hope you will have fun ! 
yours sincerely
hello , 
i will give you some information on yverdon's castle . this building is one of the oldest that is in the landscape of the town . i think it's important to see it when you come here because it shows us how the town had been developed has been developed around it since its creation . 
these days , the castle is being remade , so there is a lot of construction machinery around it . that's not a big problem because there is a complete museum inside it where you can see old pictures of the castle over the centuries . there are a lot of old items that were in the king's family . 
you would have probably heard about the mummy who has slept there for about two thousand years . . . you can see it in the dungeon . so you can visit everywhere you want with or without a guide . i hope you will enjoy the visit and i wish you a nice holiday in yverdon . 
best regards , 
dear mrs smith , 
thank you for your letter . i will try my best to answer the questions . 
first of all , we have already booked the five-star hotel for your group . it is a modern hotel , near our college , and it is also very convenient for the airport . you can take either bus or taxies . the number 101 bus leaves from the airport , then you can get off at the " city college " stop . it would be a great chance to take part in attend the party for everyone for everyone to attend the party . this is just a relaxing party , just so the members have a chance to relax and make friends . so i think you'd better wear a dress . 
finally , about the three free hours , my personal preference is to go shopping . our city has got the biggest shopping centre in south england . there are so many shops . it is worth to spend spending time and money on that . 
i look forward to seeing you ! 
yours sincerely
nowadays people have become used to watching television's television programmes every day . the tv is so important that you can see one in every home , and it is an essential item for everyone . 
first of all , in my opinion , tv has a great educational function , and it also makes the world smaller . you can just sit at home and you can know what is happening all over the world at that moment . i would rather watch the news on tv instead of reading a newspaper or listening to the radio because the news on tv is vivid . 
moreover , the tv is great company for people who live alone or feel alone . i like to turn on the tv when i stay at home . someone is talking , laughing , crying on there , so join them . you will feel much better than you would just by yourself . some tv programmes are enjoyable ! 
however , tv also has some disadvantages . you might just sit in front of the tv for hours learning nothing , or no longer talk with your family . i think this is the worst influence in society . 
in conclusion , tv has both advantages and disadvantages , but on the whole the advantages are greater than the disadvantages . so on the whole , tv still is a wonderful and important invention on the world . 
dear mrs smith , 
i am writing to you to give you more information about the international student conference . 
the group has been booked into the king hotel on high street , which is very easy to find . and the best way to get from there to the conference is by following the road in front of the hotel to the right , then cross the zebra crossing to the opposite side . after that walk to the right about 15 metres and you will find the conference venue , which is called the white house . 
at the end of the conference , we are going to have an international dinner as well as some shows from the students in my college . as this is a special conference you could wear your own national dress to represent your country . 
finally , on the last day you could spend your free time visiting our town hall where you will be able to learn more about my area - or you could do some shopping on high street . 
if you want more information , please contact me and i am looking forward to seeing you soon . 
yours sincerely , 
dear mr. bill , 
i am writing to give information on a very interesting building . it is called penrhyh castle , and this building will tell you all about wales . 
on the positive side , you and the group will be able to learn more about welsh artworks which are presented on the wall , on the door and some furniture . the building itself looks splendid and beautiful . 
on the other hand , you might find something which is very boring such as walking along the old wooden floor which causes some noise . and some old toilets might look awful . 
but in my opinion , i think in my opinion it would be nice for the students to come and see this building , because they will be able to learn and compare the place with their country . as wales is not modern like america , the students will probably get an interest in looking at old things . 
yours sincerely , 
dear mrs maria smith , 
i was really pleased to receive your letter . unfortunately richard brown is ill but i can help you as much as i can . so , i'm writing to reply to give all the information you asked for . 
firstly , we've booked palace hotel , which is located in central . the best way to get from the hotel to the conference is using the tube because it takes only 20 minute minutes . the tube is line 2 which is red . and your speech would be better for the end of conference party . i'd suggest you wear at least , semi-formal clothes such as a jacket with other clothes . 
finally , i give you some suggestions which could spend for about 3 hours in the national museum in my area . the museum can be helpful to understand our country's history and art . 
i look forward to seeing you soon . 
yours sincerely , 
the computer is the most important invention in our life . 
some people might say electricity is more important than any other thing . it's hard to say which is the most important invention . however , i'd say the computer is a more amazing invention rather than other inventions such as the telephone , the car . recently the computer has become really necessary and we can't manage to work without them . not only for bussiness , but also in my life . for instance , when i want to contact my friend , it's quite helpful to use e-mail . before the computer had been invented , we couldn't possibly have lots of information easily and we couldn't contact foreign countries at the same time . 
and also it's time to make new systems which makes use easier and more simple , so far more people can enjoy computers than before . 
despite being an amazing invention , sometimes the computer causes a big problem , such as the millennium bug ( some people called it the " 2000 problem " ) , because computers are not flexible enough like a human's brain . however , the computer is worth using in our life until a more convenient machine is invented . 
dear mrs . smith , 
thank you for your letter . i am very pleased to give you the information you requested . 
we are holding the conference party at the royal lancaster hotel - banqueting room at 2 . 00 pm on sat . 24 june . the nearest tube station is lancaster gate . 
as you know , we've been working very hard all this term . so we've decided at the end-of-conference party we will have a buffet and a disco party . our students then will get to know each other well . i would suggest everybody wear casual dress . 
finally , i would recommend you and your group enjoy try shopping and sightseeing around oxford street and nearby . 
i look forward to seeing you and your group soon . 
yours sincerely , 
to: the group leader
from:
re: the barbican centre . 
as you asked which is the most interesting building to visit , i would strongly recommend the barbican centre building in the city . 
it is located in the city and the nearest tube station is moorgate station . the barbican centre was built in 1975 . apart from banks and important offices , there are also the world stock-market exchange , an opera theatre , shopping arcades , and book and record stores . it also holds an international exhibition all year round . recently , the exhibition of africa african exhibition just finished . it is open from 7 . 30 am . till late at night when the theatre closes . the building is huge with modern technology and construction and tight security . it is upgraded the building every year . 
the barbican centre is a very important building in london . you and your group will visit one building which has very many places in this building . so you can spend your time in one go . 
dear mrs smith
thank you for your letter which arrived this morning . 
of course it is a pity that mr. brown has been ill , but we are happy that you are coming now . you asked me which hotel the group had been booked into . it is the palace hotel , about a mile away from where the conference will take place . 
the best way to get there is to take the number 7 bus . the bus stop is opposite the entrance of the hotel . you will get off the bus at " royal gardens " . turn left and go straight along " baker street " . at the end of this street there is a house , number 18 . this is our college . 
you wish to know all about the end-of-conference party . as far as i can see , there will be only a little dinner and a group of young singers will surprise us with their songs . 
moreover you asked what to wear . do not worry . i would recommend you wear some casual clothes , like jeans , a blouse or a skirt and a jacket . do not forget to wear a pair of comfortable shoes , because you will not have the chance to change them . 
finally i will give you some advice about what you could do for about three hours . 
firstly , we have a nice interesting museum , it is located near the hotel . 
furthermore also , there is the zoo with a lot of different animals , located walk within five minutes' within five minutes' walk . 
lastly , there is also a very old and famous church , with many coloured windows . 
for further information , please call me . i hope you will have an interesting conference here . 
i am looking forward to seeing you . 
yours sincerely
the telephone : a very important invention . 
in my early childhood my mother said to me that when she was a little girl there was only one telephone in the building where she lived . it was in her parents' apartment . the neighbours came to make their calls and to get their calls . 
today nobody could imagine such a situation . 
in every household there is one telephone at least . 
there are a lot of advantages to it . 
firstly , people are able to talk to a person at any time , be it just for fun or to discuss some important and relevant things . moreover we can always call the police , the hospital or a doctor for help . this could save your life ! 
another advantage is that all offices , firms and industries could not exist without it . 
of course there is also a big disadvantage . 
all people know this situation : people want not to be interrupted , maybe they are reading a book , having a good talk or are having a little sleep . . . then the telephone rings . . . ! it is not an easy decision how to react now . being sincere , most of us would go to the telephone . 
another point of disadvantage is that mobile phones are ringing everywhere and all the time . especially youngsters misuse this kind of invention . 
to sum up , this invention is one of the most useful things . it is always the same how people use it or not and how people handle it . 
dear mrs maria smith
thank you for your letter , which arrived yesterday . i hope to give you all the information you need and , please , if you want more information or something is not clear , please don't hesitate to contact me again . 
the hotel is near the station and is called " grand placad " . when you arrive you take the train to guildford and after that you just have cross to cross the road in front of the station . 
it's a very comfortable hotel where you can find everything you need . 
from there to the conference you have to take the number 50 bus , which stops near the hotel and arrives in the town centre . the conference is held in the civic hall so it is very easy to find it . at the end of the conference there is a party , a perfect opportunity for your students make to make new friends from all parts of the world and they can talk about their experience . 
i suggest for this conference for this conference i suggest wearing something very comfortable but elegant . the organisation wants all the men to wear a jacket , but a tie is not necessary . 
i don't know really really know what you should see ; i don't think three hours is enough but near the station there is a beautiful park , popular for its variety of flowers . 
if i find something special you will be able to visit in three hours i will call you . 
yours sincerely
dear sir or madam 
it is very nice of you to come and visit my town . 
in this area there are a lot of things you can see and some interesting buildings to visit . the best building you must see is the cathedral . it is the most important church in this area because of its architecture . 
it is something very special . its pavement ceiling is made from many small pieces of wood . its windows with many colours . it is fantastic . 
it is built on the top of the hill and around it there is only a huge field . you can get there walking walk there because the bus stops just at the bottom of the hill . 
but really you must see it . the position of the cathedral gives you a something special special something a great tranquillity . 
i hope you like it . 
i look forward to hearing from you
best regards 
dear maria , 
i hope that all the information you need will be provided satisfactorily . 
first of all you have been booked in at the palace hotel . 
secondly the best way to go from the hotel to the conference centre is to use one of the shuttle buses we provide at this effect event . they are going to leave at 9 o'clock . 
concerning the end of conference end-of-conference party , it is going to take place in the same hotel , the palace hotel . we suggest casual dress for this special event . 
finally , concerning your free afternoon , there are plenty of activities , but i suggest you visit the caldea centre , which is a very special bath centre . 
if you need further information do not hesitate to contact us . 
yours sincerely
dear jhon , 
in your previous letter you asked for information about interesting buildings to visit in my country . 
there are plenty of churches , cathedrals , and old cottages . the churches and the cathedral are very interesting because of their different romanic romanic styles . i suggest you visit first the cathedral of " le seu d'mrgell " because it is the most emblematic building in the area . 
if you are interested in more modern buildings i suggest you visit " caldea " , which is a very modern bath centre with beautiful architecture . 
finally if none of my suggestions fit with your expectations , let me know more about what kind of buildings you are interested in and i'll do my best to find something more suitable . 
best regards
dear mrs . brown
i am writing to inform you about a party that we have decided to organise for mr. brown's birthday . 
i want to ask you to come to our party and also to help us with what present should we we should buy for mr. brown . 
to begin with , i must explain to you that the party is a surprise for mr. brown and it will take place on tuesday 16th of june from 3:00 to 6:00 pm at the college canteen . some of the children will bring food and also there will be nice music too . 
also , i want to mention that all the class will come , all the teachers will be there , and the principal will come too . 
finally , i want to ask you about mr. brown's present . we don't have any idea what to buy for him . can you help us ? i think that a good present could be a cd or a book . what do you think ? 
we hope to see you at the party and have a wonderful time together . 
i will look forward to hearing from you soon . 
my favourite season of the year is summer . i think that most people love summer , especially the people in greece . i don't know why but the summer is the most beautiful season . all the scenery with the lovely sun , the wonderful beaches , the green mountains and the smell of the sea , make me feel great . 
i live in greece , and to be exact on an island , so i know very well what summer means . it means swimming at the wonderful beaches , tasting the delicious food and having a wonderful time every day and every night with your friends . 
also it means meeting other people , having fun together , travelling to all the places on the island . i think that the summer makes people feel great , have fun , enjoy themselves . i believe that the summer is a season for everybody who wants to have a wonderful time and wonderful memories wherever they go . 
dear mrs brown , 
i am writing to you because my class want to give a surprise birthday party for your husband mr brown . we need your help with the details . 
first of all , could you let us know if the date of june 16th is all right with his timetable ? we have organised to hold holding the party between three and six o'clock in the afternoon in the college canteen , about the food , we have organised a buffet , but could you also help us with the music which he prefers , if he prefers something especially in particular . we have invited the students , the teachers and the principal of the school but we would appreciate it if you came . finally would you tell us which is the best present for him , a compact disk or a book ? 
we want to say thanks again for your help and you must be sure that your opinion would be valuable to us . 
i am looking forward to receiving your answer and don't forget that it is a surprise birthday party . 
yours faithfully sincerely , 
family life nowadays is very important because both parents work and they haven't any time for the children . in addition children have so many lessons at school that they don't have enough spare time to see their parents , when they are at home . 
in spite of that fact there are of course many families especially in small towns who eat lunch all together and then they solve their problem all together . parents play with their children and have fun . and the difference is that those children are effectively effective when they grow up and want to have a family , they do the same as their parents and have a happy family . 
besides that the most important thing is that these children have an easy adolescence and they haven't got psychological problems and they are useful in society . 
to sum up , family life is the most important thing for children's psychological world which helps them in their education , job and their marriage in future . so we also try to make our time creative when we are with our children . 
dear mrs brown , 
i am one of your husband's students . my fellow students and i know that your husband has his birthday on tuesday the 16th of june and we would like to organise a party for him . 
first of all i would like to suggest that you come to our party and we would like you not to tell your husband anything because the party is a surprise . 
the party will be organised on tuesday the 16th of june at three to six pm in the college canteen . we will have food and drink and we will have music because we know that mr brown loves music . to the party will come his students , the teachers and the principal his students , the teachers and the principal will come to the party . my last question is about a present . my fellow students have suggested buying a cd or a book . we would like you to tell us which is the best present for him . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you as soon as possible . 
yours sincerely , 
john said he had some good news to tell me . i didn't believe him at first . but i could see that his face was happy and he wasn't telling lies . i stopped talking to my friends and i followed him . we started walking and walking . when we arrived at the bus station i couldn't understand why he wanted to go there . but i didn't ask him . we waited there for an hour , and i was really angry . i wanted to know why we were there . 
at that moment we saw the bus come , it stopped and one man came and sat near us . i recognised him . he was my father . i couldn't believe it . i had not seen him for five years . i thought that i was dreaming but i wasn't . it was true ; my father had come to his country after five years . 
now all the problems will finish and we will start a new life . 
dear mrs brown , 
i am writing in connection with a surprise birthday party for your husband , mr. brown . we are writing to invite you and to give you some information about the party . 
all our class love mr brown very much , so we decided to organise a surprise party for him . the party is on tuesday 16 of june . you should come at 3 pm to the college canteen to the college canteen at 3 pm . we have bought some snacks to eat and three students will sing for him , too . 
besides this , we have invited all the other teachers and the principal of our school . of course all the class will take part in this party . however , we don't know what present to buy for him . so we would appreciate it if you could help us with this matter . we have thought about buying a cd or a book . he loves to read books . what do you think ? if he needs something else , we are happy to buy this . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you soon especially as i am concerned about this matter . 
yours sincerely
nowadays people's life has many problems which need some solutions . in particular young people's lives have been very difficult for the last few years . 
the only appropriate way to solve people's problems is the family . teenagers usually think about a matter which is drugs . their family could explain to them how they avoid things . they know the way to do this . and the way is love . 
apart from this , parents could be very helpful to their children regarding difficulties at school . they help their children with lessons and give them some useful advice with their relationships . because sometimes they are upset when they lose a friend . 
on the other hand , friends are not suitable for doing this . definitely , they they definitely don't give real solutions and advice . there is a chance that they not are are not such good friends and pretend that they are . 
the way in which the family comes in contact with the members so easily is love . so we should trust only our family when we need help or solutions to our problems . 
dear mrs brown , 
it would be a pleasure to us and to your husband to come to the party . all the students wanted to organise a surprise party for mr brown . next tuesday is his birthday . we would like you to come and , if you can , to help us with an important decision . 
firstly , we should tell you that it is a surprise party . he must not learn about it so you must not tell him . 
secondly , the party will take place on tuesday 16th of june in the college canteen . we think a suitable time will be 3-6 p . m . you can come earlier , if you want . we would have junk food , some juices and drinks . moreover , will come some teachers some teachers will come , of course all the students and the principal . 
however , we do not know what to give him as a present . can you help us ? we want something that he would like or which would be necessary . 
please try to come and help us with this problem . we are looking forward to your reply . 
yours sincerely , 
john said he had some good news to tell me . i was waiting for him to come . suddenly the bell rang . i thought that it would be john and it was he . we had finished the exams two weeks before and we were waiting for the results . 
the first good news was that we both had passed the exams . it was wonderful news . then we thought about going swimming to talk about some things . 
the second news was that he had found a job for the summer . he would go to work in a caf . he would earn a lot of money , in addition they wanted another person . as a result i had work too . we had the greatest day . 
then we had an idea ! we would have a lot of money from the work . at the end of the summer we are planning to visit a cousin who lives in australia . we imagine that will be the best holiday of our life . 
dear mrs brown , 
i am writing to give you information about mr brown's surprise party . 
first of all , the reason that we decided to have this party was because mr brown helped with the organisation of our trip to france . and we appreciate would appreciate your not telling him about our party . 
secondly , the party is on tuesday 16th in the evening at the college canteen . as regards the food , our mothers will help with that . also , we will take the drinks from our canteen and there will be a group of musicians for our entertainment . 
moreover , to the party will come of course all the class , our teachers and the principal of our school all the class , our teachers and the principal will come to the party of course . finally , i would like to ask you about our present . should we buy a book or a cd-player ? 
i hope that i have been of some help to you with the party . i look forward to seeing you there . 
yours sincerely
it was friday morning when i saw john and he said to me he had some good news to tell me . and it was really good news . it was about a job which i wanted very much . he also say said that i must be the next day at 7:00 p . m . in the office in the office at 7 . 00 pm the next day . 
all night i did not sleep at all . i was by 6:30 pm in the office in the office by 6 . 30 pm . the executive called me into the office , and he has shown showed me my office . 
from , that day , every day i went to the office 30 minutes early . when i completed a month in this job my executive told john to go to the office . i was surprised because i did not know what he wanted . when i went he wanted to tell me that from the next month i would be his personal secretary and my salary would be twice what it was previously . i could not believe it . 
now , my life is the best that could be imagined . and every day when i wake up i think that i am living in a dream which i never want to finish . 
dear sir/madam , 
i am writing with reference to your article which i read in a local newspaper two days ago . as i took part in this activities weekend , which was organised by the college , i would like to express my dissatisfaction with your article . 
first of all , your article mentions that the course had to be cancelled because the teacher was ill , but the course was cancelled only on the last afternoon . secondly , you mention that nobody registered for the local history course . i would like to inform you that 32 attended this course . thirdly , as far as the painting and photography courses are concerned , it is true what you say , they were very popular . i think that the reason for these courses being so popular is that people are very interested in these kinds of activities . apart from this , the teachers were very experienced and the equipment was particularly contemporary . 
furthermore , your article mentions that the weekend cost over 100 . that is not true . the cost was only 60 including lunch . last but not least , the college is planning to run another activities weekend next term , so it will be sooner than you mention . 
finally , i would like to tell you that the weekend was not as disappointing as you mention but i would like to thank you for your kind attention to my letter , and i would like you to write another article which will tell the truth
yours faithfully , 
dear jane , 
i am very happy because i hadn't received any letter from you for a long time and as i had a problem with my mother's health , not a serious one , i didn't write to you . i hope you are fine . 
first of all , you mustn't panic . it's not a serious enough problem to get upset . you must be very happy because you have been offered two jobs . in my opinion , as you're really very keen on history , i think that the ideal job for you is to work in a museum . now i don't know if it is tiring but i suppose it will be less tiring than a job in a restaurant . 
if i were in your shoes , i would choose the position in the museum because it is more stimulating and as the pay is about the same , i think that this choice is the best for you . but you should consider which workplace is more convenient for you . you'd do better not to travel far away from your home . also working in a museum may include big tips from the tourists . apart from this , despite the fact that it is a summer job , you could be employed for the whole of next year , if you are lucky . 
last but not least , i hope you will find my opinion helpful . i hope your problem will be solved , but i don't think that it's a problem . whatever choice you make , i'm sure it will be the best for you . drop me a line . 
lots of love , 
dear mrs . clark , 
recently i was at the annual international arts festival that you organized . i'm writing this letter to thank you for giving the opportunity to know more about modern art . 
i think it is a wonderful idea to organize such festivals each year , because it is very interesting to learn some news about life in other countries . 
unfortunately , only six countries were represented this year at the festival , but i hope that soon there will be many more of them . 
i really liked all the concerts , shows , and exhibitions , but why weren't there any photographic exhibitions ? i think you should have some next year . also , i want to point out that the concert halls were too small , that is why they were overcrowded during some concerts . 
also , i want to say that the plays and films were excellent , but there weren't enough of them for me . maybe you should have more next year . 
and finally , my opinion is that one weekend ticket for all events is a great idea , because you don't have to wait in queues to buy a ticket for a show you want to go to . 
yours sincerely , 
dear lucia , 
i was very pleased to receive your letter . you asked if there are some school rules in my country . 
as you know , i'm studying at a private academy , so the rules in my institute are different from the rules in state institutes . i'll give you an example . in our academy we are not allowed to smoke . the fine for smoking on the academy's premises is 100 dollars . so nobody smokes there . i don't smoke , so i don't care about this rule . but some of my friends really would like to change it . you also wanted to know about what i'm allowed or not allowed to do at home . well , i have rather modern parents , so they don't stop me going to discos or somewhere with my friends . the only rule for me at home is to walk my dog three times a day . 
i hope it was interesting for you to know about the rules in my life . 
i look forward to hearing from you , 
dear ms jane clark . 
i am writing to you with regard to the international art festival that was held recently . 
the festival was excellent in many ways , and in particular it being an international festival was a challenging , but brilliant idea . i assume that this fact attracted people very much . in addition to that , organising one weekend with special price tickets was particularly good . i personally think that it helped many people who were not able to afford the tickets at the normal price to come to the festival . moreover , most of the events i went to were fantastic . 
however , i still have some comments to make to improve the festival next year . the festival was supposed to be an international one , but the artists and stars who participated in it were from six countries only . thus , i recommend that stars and artists of various nationalities should be invited . also , some of the concert halls where the musicians performed were not big enough for the vast number of attendees . i think it would be much better to use bigger concert halls . furthermore , i found that there were not many genres in either the films or the plays . so i suggest you have various kinds , and more plays and films next year . 
i hope that next year's festival will be much more successful than this year's one . 
yours sincerely , 
the old man and the sea
people all have different opinions about books . some prefer realistic stories whereas others prefer unusual ones . but i prefer realistic stories such as ernest hemingway's " the old man and the sea' . 
above all , realistic stories teach me something about life , or at least influence me . as far as i'm concerned , my behaviour and attitudes towards a difficult situation began to change after reading this book . here , the fishman is very old , but he is still challenging everything he faces . when he caught a shark which was bigger than the ship , he never gave up on taking it back to his village , even when sharks were around him . real stories have huge impacts on me , and affect me a lot , often in good ways . 
in addition to that , realistic stories are more attractive , i personally don't want to hear stories about very peculiar incidents as i know they cannot be true . but , while reading realistic stories , i just fall deep into the story , into the writer's own world . ernest hemingway's sentences are precise , but still very powerful and alive . so when i read about other sharks eating the shark the old man had caught , i got very angry and annoyed . realistic stories thus , develop our imagination and creativity , which are essential in our lives . 
we all learn from reading books , but realistic stories have more influence on me and develop my personality . that's why i prefer realistic stories to unusual ones . 
dear jane , 
i am writing to you to give you some advice about the international arts festival . i think it is a great idea to organise this sort of festival because most people enjoy it . 
firstly , concerning the stars and artists , they came from only six countries . for music like jazz and rock , it was excellent but for classical concerts we had a problem because some concert halls were too small . if you have any ideas about bigger halls , it would be better . 
secondly , about the plays and films , it would be good if you have had more because the children like them . the dance shows were absolutely wonderful , like art exhibitions . do not change the talks by writers , because it is a good idea if people can talk about their own books . 
finally , concerning the price of the weekend tickets , i think it is excellent because people are less stressed , because they can visit for longer . it would be better if we could hold this festival at the end of summer . i hope i have given you enough information . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely , 
it began when my parents and i were going to the south of france for our holidays . we went by car . when we were near geneva , my father , who was driving the car , was flashed by a radar and the police stopped him . after that , as it made a long time that he drove he had been driving for a long time , we decided to stop at a service area . we went to the toilet and ate something in the snack bar . suddenly , my father realised he had forgotten to lock the car . he ran but it was too late , somebody had stolen the luggage . we called the police but they said to us that if we didn't lock our car they couldn't do anything . 
it was already the worst holiday in my life but we continued . when we arrived at the flat , it was eleven o'clock . the agency was closed and we hadn't got the key . 
we went to a hotel , it was expensive and uncomfortable . finally , life in france is crazy , this is the tradition . this story happened a long time ago . 
dear jane clark , 
i spent two days at the international arts festival you organized . i enjoyed it very much and i think you had a great idea . 
i went to all the events , they were really good . 
i liked all the stars and the artists who came from around the world , even if the number of countries was very small , only six . why don't you let more countries participate next year ? 
i also liked the concerts . but , can i give you a suggestion for next year ? try to find bigger halls , because this year they were really too small ! 
i enjoyed all the plays and films , but they were few why don't you broadcast more at the next festival ? 
i also went to the dance shows , the art exhibition and the talks by writers , they were really very nice and interesting . 
i also agree with you about the ticket's price . in fact , it was really a reasonably-priced ticket , excellent because you could go to all the events just with it . and that's the reason why lots of people came . 
an admirer 
capua , 16/12/2000
hi jane , how are you ? 
i received your letter yesterday , and i want to answer you quickly ! 
i think the discussion in your class was very interesting . in my country there are different rules at school , but i think they are , more or less , the same in england . you have to begin your lesson at 8 . 25 and wait for the teacher of the next lesson in the class . 
you have a break of ten minutes , that you would have to do in class . you can't speak during the lesson or outside the classrooms . you can't write on walls and desks . . 
i have some rules also at home , but they are few . i can do everything i want , except going out with the car during the night . my parents are afraid of it because i got my licence only only got my licence in september . 
my parents also like eating all together , but it isn't a rule , only a habit ! 
i don't think there is anything i'd like to change ! 
i like my life , both at school and at home ! 
write to me soon
jane clark , 
the organiser , 
i am writing to you to give you my opinion about your festival . it was great , but i think it could be even better next year . 
first , it was an international festival , it was a great idea , but only six countries participated . so , if you could have more than six countries , it would be great . this idea relates to the number of plays and films . if there are more stars and artists from around the world , and there are more plays and films it would be better . 
my second complaint is about some of the concert halls which were too small . it would be better if you had some more large halls like your " arena " hall . 
to conclude , i was very happy to have a ticket for all events at a reasonable price , because for someone who does not especially like art , it was very attractive . 
my last suggestion for next year's festival is to invite some " salsa " bands . it would be great to listen and dance at the same time to " salsa " music . 
yours sincerely , 
dear jimmie , 
i was very happy to receive a letter from you . i am writing to you to answer your question about school rules and what i am ( and i am not ) allowed to do at home . 
firstly , in school it is not permitted to smoke in the no-smoking area or in the classroom . but i think it is the same in england . secondly , when you want to ask a question to the teacher to ask the teacher a question , you must put your hand up and speak when the teacher asks you . 
in my home , the only things i am not allowed to do are things which might disturb my family . for example , putting the music on too high loud when my sister is working . but there are also some general rules , like do not put your feet on the table when we are eating or do not eat with your fingers . 
there is not really anything that i would like to change , because , as you know , in france , there are not really strict rules like in china or other countries . there are just politeness 's rules rules of politeness . i hope i answered your question . 
love , 
16 . 12 . 2000 
dear ms clark , 
i am writing to you in connection with the advertisement in the newspaper . i would like to explain a couple of thoughts that i had after the festival that i have recently seen . 
i believe that it was a great idea to organise such a festival , connected with art and culture . in particular , the date was very suitable for me , as i have a lot of free time . 
what is more , there was a wide variety of music . although the artists were supposed to be from all countries , there were only six nationalities . 
i hope that next year there will be many more possibilities to enjoy films or plays and that the halls will be bigger , as they were overcrowded . however i was really surprised that the entrance fee was so low . i also have one suggestion , if i may . maybe next year the festival could end with a firework display . 
thank you for your kind attention and i hope that my advice will be useful . 
yours sincerely
dear tom , 
i just got your letter and sat down straight away to write to you a few sentences a few sentences to you that will illustrate my opinion . 
to begin with , i'd like to show you what my obligations are at school . although we have to change our shoes , we don't need to wear special uniforms . our clothes should be in good taste . we are also allowed to have jewellery and make-up , which is especially important for girls . 
when it comes to my home , i think i have the usual duties : i have to clean my room , wash the dishes or vacuum the carpets , but they're not exhausting things , as i share them with my sister and brother . furthermore , my parents aren't demanding : i have to be home at the latest by 11 o'clock by 11 o'clock at the latest and tell them where i am going . 
in my opinion there's nothing particular that i'd like to change , except maybe only having to change my shoes . 
i hope that this will clarify your questions and doubts . so , that will be everything for now . i'm looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours
dear mrs clark , 
i am writing with reference to the international arts festival that you organise every year . i would like to express my opinion about it and give you some suggestions that may prove to be useful . 
first of all , from my point of view the festival itself is a wonderful idea . that also goes for the weekend ticket you offer; in addition to being rather cheap , it allowed me to see so many interesting events in such a short time . 
on the other hand , i would like to point out that the festival could appeal to more people if a few improvements were made . firstly , you had said in your advertisement that artists from around the world would perform . actually , they came from only six countries . what is more , some concert halls were too small . as a result , it was impossible for all the audience to fit in there . 
finally , i suggest you think about giving the audience the opportunity to see more plays and films . 
yours sincerely , 
dear kathy , 
i'm really happy to hear from you again . i'm sorry for not writing earlier . unfortunately , i'm quite busy so don't worry if i happen to delay my answer i'm late replying to some of your letters . 
in your last letter , you wondered what the rules of behaviour at school and at home are like in my country , so i'm going to give you some information . 
in poland , rules that refer to the way we dress at school aren't very strict; we don't wear any uniforms , but our clothes have to be clean and nice to look at . we can neither eat nor drink during lessons . we are supposed not to be late for lessons and , of course , students mustn't smoke at school . 
at home , young people should help their parents do some housework . generally , we are supposed to treat our parents ( as well as the teachers at school ) with respect and not to argue with our brothers and sisters . 
what i'd like to change at school is that the breaks are too short ! give my regards to your family , 
dear mr. , 
i am writing this letter to express my thoughts about the international art festival of this year . i was so impressed with the exhibitions at the festival that you organized . furthermore , it's a worthwhile experience for people who want to know about other countries' arts . 
but i would like to make some requests regarding the festival . 
firstly , it would be better to invite more artists not only from six countries . for example , the artists or stars from we have rare chance to feel the atmosphere . 
secondly , some concert halls were too small to contain all of the audience . moreover , plays and films were shown only twice a day so that people had gathered one time . i would like more performances to be held next year in the bigger halls . 
finally , with regard to tickets , it is a really wonderful idea because it is more convenient to enjoy the festival for one day among a lot of people . 
you may consider my suggestion to have the art festival for next year . 
yours sincerely
a long long time ago , there were an old man and old woman who lived at the foot of a mountain . 
one day , when the old man went into the bamboo bush , he found some bamboo gritted white . he had never seen such bamboo before but decided to cut it down . there was a lovely baby in it . he was surprised but was pleased because he had no child . he took the baby to his house and explained what had happened in the bush to the old woman . the old woman was glad to have a baby and they decided to bring up the baby . the baby was named 'kaguya . '
she grew very quickly and was so beautiful . a lot of men asked her to marry them but she always refused . one full moon night she said to her parents sadly , 'i have to return to the moon tonight . ' the old man and woman tried to get her to stay in their house , but they couldn't . 
her servants from the moon carried her up to the moon . she had gone away . she was the princess of the moon . 
this happened a long time ago . 
international arts festival
dear jane clark , 
i am writing to you about the festival . 
i am a student at london college studying english . i have always been interested in arts and festivals . it was great that you organised the arts festival in this city , because people really need this kind of social activity here . 
i spent two days at the international arts festival with some of my friends and i must say we were really delighted , it was a great idea to do that in london . 
we all liked the jazz , rock and classical concerts . however , the concert halls were too small and lots of people couldn't get into the concert halls and there were stars and artists from only six countries . 
i believe there should be more plays and films next year and the stars and artists should be from around the world . 
one reasonably-priced weeker ticket for all events was excellent because it's always busy at the weekend and people prefer to go any weekday . 
i hope you will consider my opinions and that my suggestions will be helpful for next year . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely 
dear freddie
i received your letter just this morning . it was very nice to hear from you . 
we never like rules , do we ? however there are lots of rules in our lives , both at home and at school . 
in my country country's schools we are not allowed to have an argument with classmates and are not allowed to eat in class . we can't listen to music in class either . we always have to keep clean everywhere everywhere clean , but these kinds of rules are not very strict i believe . 
at home it is completely different , my mum is quite organised , so she always makes is always making new rules . 
firstly , i have to keep my room clean and hoover once a week . i have to cook and the worst thing is i'm not allowed to listen to loud music anywhere at home . i'm not allowed to stay out after midnight . 
when i grow up i'll change all the rules in my life and i'll make my own rules which are not going to be too strict . 
look forward to hearing from you soon . 
love
dear jane clark , 
i am writing this letter in order to make some suggestions for the international arts festival that took place a while ago . i was there for two days enjoying it and have found some points i would like to change to make it a better one next year . i personally think it is a great idea to gather all different types of arts from all over the world . 
well , here are some of my opinions and suggestions . first of all , i think there should be more stars and artists from more countries because this year , i believe there were artists from only six countries which , in my opinion , is not quite from all over the world . 
the jazz , rock and classical concerts were really entertaining except that there were some concert halls which were too small for the audience: i'm sure that you can find bigger halls for next year . by the way , i was also wondering if it was possible to have more plays and films for the coming festival as the reaction of the people was excellent . 
actually , the price of the weekend ticket was excellent ! i , myself , was expecting a more expensive ticket as there were so many magnificent events . 
well , i hope you found my suggestions reasonable as i deeply congratulate you on the great success of the festival . 
yours sincerely , 
dear emily , 
hello ! it's been such a long time since we wrote to each other . well , in the letter you wrote me , you asked some questions about school and house rules . even though i do have less than you , i'm still wanting i still want to change many things . 
in our school , you're not allowed to eat during class . you must have permission to get out of your seat or leave the classroom . my school's an american school so you're not supposed to talk in spanish during the classes either . 
at home , there are fewer rules . my parents don't really like imposing rules in the house . but still i cannot go out of the house without telling my mom where i am going and when i'm coming back . but it has existed since i was very young . 
i would like to change the rule about not speaking in spanish at school because most of us feel more comfortable speaking in spanish , but i guess , to learn , we should speak english all the time . 
well , that's all . i hope one day you get to change what you wanted . i miss you and let's keep in touch . bye . . 
your pal , 
2 december , 2000
dear mrs clark:
i am writing to suggest a few things that could be changed or added to next year's international arts festival , which in my opinion has been a great idea . 
although i read that stars stars and artists came from around the world , i realised that they only came from six countries . 
i had a good time at the jazz , rock and classical concerts in spite of the fact that some concert halls were too small . i think that if you want to enjoy music you must be comfortable . all my family liked the films and the plays that there were very much , but i personally think that it would be better to add more because there were only five plays and seven films . 
the rest of the activities were very interesting for us , we learnt a lot of things and we met a lot of interesting people , and all of this without being expensive . i think that the ticket was excellent for us because of its price . 
i look forward to hearing from you as soon as possible . 
yours sincerely 
2 december , 2000
dear andy:
i'm sorry i haven't written for so long , but i have been very busy with my exams . it's good to hear that you have passed all of yours . 
in your letter you asked me something about rules . i imagine that you want my opinion on your homework , don't you ? 
you know that i'm studying in a difficult school , and as you can imagine you have to work hard and you have to do homework every day . the other day i arrived five minutes late and the teacher ordered me to go home . do you understand this ? she might be crazy . 
i have friends that are studying in other schools and they are very happy with their freedom . at home it's very different : as you know i have very good parents that let me do a lot of things . they let me go out with my friends every day , but they make me do homework and i hate that ! ! 
i hope this is what you wanted from me . i'm looking forward to seeing you soon . 
yours
dear ms clark , 
i am writing to thank you for organising the international arts festival , in which i participated this year , and to give you my opinion about it . 
i think that organising this event was a great idea . i was very pleased when i read your advertisement for the festival . one reasonably-priced weekend ticket for all events was also an excellent idea . it encouraged me to take part in the festival . 
despite all this i would like to complain about some details . 
first of all , stars were supposed to come from all around the world . apparently there were artists from only six countries . 
all the concerts were great , but some concert halls were too small . there was a terrible lack of room and fresh air inside them . 
i would also like to suggest that you try and make more plays and films available next year . 
i trust you will give this matter your careful attention . i look forward to visiting the international arts festival next year . 
yours sincerely , 
dear mary , 
thanks for your letter . i'm sorry for not having written earlier , but i've had an exhausting exam session at school . 
it was very interesting to hear about the rules in england . the rules in poland are quite similar to those described in your letter . 
we are not allowed to talk during lessons and we have to do our homework every day . usually we don't have to wear school uniform , but there are schools in which there is such obligation . in most of the schools students have to change their shoes in order not to make the floor dirty . if i could change anything , i would probably reduce the amount of homework . it's hard to find any spare time sometimes ! 
what about house rules ? well , we both know that parents are the ones who rule at home . all the things we're not allowed to do depend on them . anyway , i must finish now . has your dog now recovered recovered now ? i'm looking forward to hearing from you soon . 
lots of love , 
dear jane clark , 
i am writing about an annual international arts festival with a good impression . i have spent two days on it which was exciting . however , i would like to make a suggestion that you could consider for it . 
the name of the event , international arts festival , is a great idea actually , but there were stars and artists from only six countries apart from your advertisement . i suppose more countries are going to be informed even during and after the events . 
the second point i would like to make is about the concerts which showed people jazz , rock and classical music , which were fantastic . however , some concert halls were too small . quite few seats were available for the audience , so a few people had to stand and watch the concerts . i see you might not have had much time to be well-organised . 
as well as that , i expect you plays and films are performed more . even if the majority of my friends had a good time there i saw some people would anticipate it , because there were many people who were impressed in it . 
finally , i would like to see the good side of things about the weekend ticket . it is an excellent price because when i am tempted to watch some festivals , obviously it costs much more money . at that time i was lucky and also , i would like to recommend it to other friends . that's how i am feeling about that . 
i expect you will be even better organised next year . 
yours sincerely
dear george , 
thank you for your letter . i could be interested in your letter . 
but it is quite different rather than you . becoming more strict gradually at home that at school is true as you said . 
nowadays while my country is developing , most people are very busy , so they can't bring up their children . i think the rule of school has many thing stoping students doing . for example , if students behave wrongly at school , they will have some punishments even up to now . what else , unless they pass the exam they have to have extra lessons or tests . but most teachers consult with their parents , so if they behave wrongly it is true that teachers call their parents . 
apart from that , at home , children are not allowed to use impolite words and on the weekend they have to help parents to do some chores . 
but people would like to change the lifestyle in their house because there aren't convenient appliances in their houses yet . 
looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours
jane clark
organizer of the international arts festival
dear ms clark , 
my name is john and i went to the latest international arts festival . the purpose of this letter is just to let you know my opinion of the event . 
first , i would like to congratulate you on the success you have been having year after year . nevertheless , i have some suggestions that may be useful for next year's festival . 
the artists you brought were only from six different countries , so i think next time you should try to invite people from more nationalities , to make it more interesting than it is already . 
moreover , i have been thinking about changing the location because , as you probably already know , some concert halls were not big enough to let everybody who wanted to go in . 
finally , i would just like to ask you not to give up showing movies during the festival because the crowds were thrilled with them , and keep on offering the current prices , one of the best deals for us , the spectators . 
if you would like to talk about my suggestions , please , do not hesitate to get in touch and let me know . 
yours sincerely , 
independent student magazine
here is my article . 
there are many ways to earn money , especially in a big city , like the one where we are studying all year around . some examples could be delivering pizzas or newspapers , working as a bartender through at night , cleaning services , etc . i usually call these jobs non- qualified unskilled positions . 
i think , as a consequence therefore , that there is no difficulty in finding a job for our spare time . what really makes us , the students , upset , is finding the perfect job . 
to be more technical and specific , we need a very flexible job , which gives us independence and allows us to stop working when we are not able to , for example during the exams period . 
moreover , and i know that that point is not easy , although we are still students , the most suitable job for us would be a position related to our career degree . next year i expect to finish my studies in law . and by that time i will already have some experience , so that i will more easily be able to apply be able to apply more easily for a really good job . 
so , why don't we think more about the future , instead of being upset about how to get some money to pay for the next party ? 
17th december , 2000
jane clark , organizer
dear madam , 
i'm writing this letter to congratulate you on the excellent international arts festival we enjoyed last november . i think it was a very good idea . however , there are a few things that i personally think could be improved in future years . 
first of all , because of the advertisement i expected stars and artists from all over the world but they came from only six countries . artists from different cultures could make the festival even more interesting . 
secondly , although the music concerts were good , i think that some concert halls were too small . it was a shame to find that some of them were sold out because of the reduced number of seats available . however , i really enjoyed the dance shows and the plays and films . i suggest it might be a good idea to arrange more projections next year . moreover , in my opinion two days is a short time for this kind of event , and i strongly encourage you to organise a full week's festival . 
finally , the price was reasonable and it was helpful to have one ticket for all the weekend . 
i hope you'll act on my suggestions . 
yours sincerely , 
once upon a time , in a small catalan village , there was a little boy who loved fooling around and making jokes . his father was a shepherd , and he had one hundred sheep and one dog , and he used to take the animals to the mountain to feed them . one day , he became ill and was worried about the animals . his little son , called joan , said quickly: " i will help you . i will take care of the sheep for you , father " . 
the next day he went to the mountain with the animals . at the beginning he was excited but soon he got bored . " let's have a bit of fun " , he thought . and then he started shouting: " the a fox ! help me ! the a fox ! " 
some people came to help him , and then realised that it was not true . they were angry . he did it some more times , and in the end nobody took any notice of the shouts . 
one day , the fox attacked his animals and he shouted as much as he could . nobody came . then he learned to tell always always to tell the truth . 
dear clark , 
i am writing to you because i would like to give my personal opinion about the 'international arts festival . '
first of all i have to say that the whole festival was a great success and i also think you chose an appropriate title for the leaflet . however , there are some points which can be improved for the next year . 
to begin with , you wrote in the leaflet that stars and artists from around the world could be seen in the performance . in fact , there were only six countries involved . my suggestion for this point is to invite more people from different countries . 
furthermore some concert halls were definitely too small or in other words too many people attended those concerts . you could avoid this kind of problem if you look for big halls at the beginning outset . 
another point where you could improve is if you show more plays and films next year . 
nearly at the end of this letter i have to say that the idea of the weekend ticket was really good because it gave the people the opportunity to attend for a whole weekend for a cheap price . 
to finish this letter , i would like to give you a good idea for next year . in my opinion it would be nice if you created an exhibition space where the guests can try to play different instruments . 
yours sincerely
how can you earn money in your spare time ? 
i think everybody will ask himself this question one day or has already asked it . anyway the people who asked this question probably found out that it isn't so easy to earn money or that it is sometimes too much work . 
a traditional way to earn money , in your spare time , is to deliver newspapers or magazines to the families in your town or village . the problem that you have here is the weather . for example when it is rainy , because then everything gets wet . 
another suggestion is that you go to your cinema and ask if they need your help with changing the film rolls , cleaning the toilets or doing some other small jobs . 
but in the case that you really want to do some interesting work in your spare time you should try to sell something that you're good at , i mean if you're interested in computers you should try to provide your service for other people . of course in the beginning it is hard but you can learn a lot and if you're good at it you'll also earn some money . 
okay don't wait , there where you're good at and begin . 
dear sir/madam , 
i've attended i attended your festival and i would like to give you my suggestions for it . i must say that the international arts festival is really a great idea . and your last festival was very interesting too . 
but also there are some notes that you should improve in next year's festival to make it absolutely wonderful . first of all , you must invite artists and stars from more countries around the world , because there were people only from six countries . i think it can make your festival more popular . 
jazz , rock and classical concerts are amazing , but i think that some concert halls are too small , so not everybody can come . 
your dance shows are very beautiful , the art exhibition is something original and exciting . and also it is very interesting to talk with writers . 
i think that one reasonably-priced weekend ticket for all events is an excellent idea because it isn't so expensive as buying a ticket for each event , and with this ticket you can visit everything you want . i hope you will continue holding your festivals . 
yours faithfully , 
dear tom , 
how are you ? thank you for your last letter . it was very interesting . the question you asked me in it is very original too . 
i must say that the rules aren't the same in the schools of our country . every school has its own rules . i think that my school is very democratic and so there are very good relations between teachers and students . we are all very friendly in our class and we help each other when we have a problem . so the main rule in our school is regarding teachers . 
i'm allowed to do many things at home . my parents are very kind , and they know that their son will do everything right . and the main reason why our family is so friendly is because we haven't got many rules . so , i think there isn't anything i'd like to change . 
i hope everything is good in your family and your school . 
take care , 
dear mrs clark , 
i am writing to you to give some opinions about the international arts festival that you organized last november . first of all , i believe that it was very interesting , but there were fewer artists than i had expected . in fact , they came from six countries . i wonder if it is possible for next year to have more artists and also bigger concert halls . in fact i have noticed that some concerts needed more space . 
i would be grateful if , next year , you could include more art exhibitions ( with more pictures ) in the programme . i was very interested in the festival ticket . it was not expensive and was easy to use , because there was only one for all the events . 
i would offer you one suggestion that concerns the classical concerts . i think it would be interesting to invite young composers to hear new things from classical music . 
i look forward to receiving your reply
yours sincerely . 
dear magda , 
how are you ? well , i hope . i'm o . k . i've just received your letter and i'm going to reply to your questions . 
in my country there are some rules that are the same in all schools . for example , we have to dress in an appropriate way , not talk to each other during the lessons and pay attention to the teachers . at this time , in my school there is a new rule . we aren't allowed to use a mobile phone in class . before this rule it was funny ( new sound in class , phones ring or sing . ) , but not for our headmaster . 
and now about my home . 
i have to arrive in time for dinner , because it is the only time at which my family can eat together . for me , it's very stressful and i usually run a lot to do it . in fact ( you know ) i like cheat with my classmates after our lessons . 
i'd like to change a rule at home . 
i'm not allowed to listen to music after 11 p . m . it's a boring rule . neighbours have complained about loud music . 
write to me soon about news in your life . 
love
dear mrs clark , 
the discovery of the international arts festival was a pleasure for me because it gave me the opportunity to enjoy a really nice environment . 
the reasonably- priced package , including tickets and accommodation , well suited my personal situation : comfortable rooms that are easy to reach and booked tickets can help you if you decide at the last minute . 
as far as the festival itself is concerned , some small improvements could make it work better . 
having different kinds of music is a good idea but some of them need special features . larger concert halls can allow people to better enjoy the quality of the performances . 
also , the introduction of different cultural experiences is a good idea but six countries can't really be considered as worldwide representative representative of the world . 
the aim to satisfy different interests should not cause the quality to decrease . 
just a final note: why not have more plays and films next year ? 
thanks in advance for your attention . 
regards
are you young , are you a student ? 
do you want to earn money ? 
you are not alone ! 
there are several opportunities for you:
- asking for money from your parents ( mum is better ) is the most traditional way but also the safest one
- improve your kindness and ask for work in restaurants or bars , it . it is a good training period for real life too ( being patient with demanding people is required ) . 
- test your health and ask for an outdoor activity ( setting working as a sandwich-man can also help to test your pride ) 
- check your wallet and if you have enough money ( a very small amount ) you can arrange a trip to reach countries like chile , cuba , zambia , and morocco where people ( poorer than you ) will offer low wages for small jobs . . you might enjoy your summer holidays and find yourself
anyway , the best suggestion is always the best idea , the famous such a good idea that might change your life . i'm still looking for it . 
good luck ! 
dear ms clark , 
my name is rosa santor . i'm 24 and i'm a student from poland . i study architecture at the polytechnic in krakow . i'm very interested in art , especially in paintings and going to galleries . 
i'm writing you a letter , because you are the organiser of an international arts festival . 
i recently spent two days at this festival . most of the events i went to were good , but i feel that the festival could be even better next year . 
it's very good that you organised an international arts festival in our country , but in my opinion , if this is an international festival , it should have more stars and artists from around the world , not from only six countries , like this year . 
it was a great idea to do something like that . there were jazz , rock and classical concerts , but some concert halls were too small for all the people who took part in attended that festival . there were also plays and films , dance shows , which i liked the most , art exhibitions and talks by writers , but it would be good to see more plays and films next year . also it was a great idea to have one reasonably-priced weekend ticket for all events . 
i think , as a person who this festival took part in attended attended this festival , that it was excellent , because we could spend a lot of time with art . there is only one bad thing , that this festival was too short . in my opinion , next year it should take place over more than two days . 
i'm not looking forward expecting to
receive a letter from you , because i know that you are busy , but please look at my suggestion for next year's festival . 
yours sincerely , 
dear kathleen , 
i've just received this letter from you , so i'm writing to you . i hope that you feel good , because i haven't seen you for two years . 
you wrote that in your class , you've been talking about rules , both at home and at school . so now , i would like you tell to tell to tell you something about the school rules in my country and also what i am allowed to do at home . 
as you know , i'm not a secondary school student , i'm now a student of architecture in krakow . i have lessons from monday till friday . on saturday and sunday we don't have lessons , but it doesn't seem that we don't have work . we are allowed to prepare for the next week's lessons . at my school there is a lot of drawing and painting , and some other subjects done by hand . we also learn how to design interiors and buildings . it's very interesting . we usually have lessons in the morning , till the afternoon . we don't have tests during the whole student year , only at the end of the class . there are also some exams . after a few months we go somewhere with all the class , for example near a lake , and there we are painting paint nature . 
i don't have troubles trouble with my education . my friends and teachers are nice and friendly , but there is one thing i'd like to change in my school . i'd like to have more tests during the whole course , not only at the end , because it's making me very lazy . 
i'm looking forward to receiving another letter from you . i think that you won't forget , &amp; will write to me soon . 
see you soon , your best friend
dear sir
i'm writing to express my feeling and opinion about the international arts festival which was held a few days ago . 
when i found the advertisement for the international arts festival , i was very excited . it is great to hold an annual international arts festival in this place . then i spent two days at the festival . i enjoyed it very much . there were so many exciting things i saw , such as stars and artists from around the world , jazz , rock and classical concerts , plays and dance shows etc . the specified thing that is worth reminding remembering here is the reasonably-priced ticket for all events , it is excellent because most tourists could offer what they liked . 
although i enjoyed it , there were still some thing some things that needed to be improved . for example , there were some concert halls which were too small to hold so many people , the stars and artists were just from six countries , which is not enough for the audience . in addition , when you organize next year's international arts festival , could you arrange more plays and films ? 
thanks for reading this letter , i'm looking forward to next year's festival . 
yours faithfully
dear magda
it is lovely to get your letter so soon . 
you mentioned the rules at home and at school in the letter . this reminds me of what i experienced during my teenage years . in my country the children go to secondary school when they are in the first year of being a teenager . you know , this age is the troublesome age , boys have too much energy and girls want to fall in love with someone . they always annoy the schoolteacher and their parents . as a result of this , the teachers make very strict rules at school , such as students aren't allowed to speak to each other in class . they have to finish homework within a limited time . they cannot oppose the teacher , girls are not allowed to wear make-up or wear any jewellery . at home , in my experience , my parents didn't allow me to go out in the evening and gave me a lot of homework to do , even in the holiday . they also forbade me to have a boyfriend . i think it is not just what happened in my home , many of my friends had the same experience . 
now i'm a mother of two children . they are both in school . compared to my experience , i want to give them a more open attitude about everything . i want to be a mother to them and a friend to them . but at school , although i hope the teacher doesn't give students so much homework , and doesn't forbid the opposite voice of the students , there is nothing i can do because of our culture . it's quite sad . 
i'm looking forward to receiving your next letter soon . 
best wishes
16 . 12 . 00
dear jane
firstly , i want to tell you that the idea of the " international arts festival " was a really great idea . i enjoyed the festival pretty much . however i think that it could be better if you could rearrange small details . 
i think that next year you should have more artists from different countries , so that it can be a real international festival . this also would take more attraction to the festival . 
another point which i think was annoying is was the concert hall . the concerts were great but the hall was too small for so many people . i hope that next year the concerts will take place in a bigger hall . 
the plays and the films were really great . i enjoyed all of them . i hope to see many more films next year . 
the best thing about the festival was the price i think , because it had a really big effect on the attraction , and that of course made the festival much more enjoyable . 
i again want to say that it was really nice to be at the festival . i believe that next year will be better if you consider my ideas . 
yours sincerely sincerely 
16 . 12 . 00
dear andrew , 
i just received your letter and decided to write back now because of your questions which were about rules . i'm really tired of the rules in school ! 
actually not all the schools in turkey are so strict but unfortunately the school that i'm going to is like a military camp . the uniform we wear has to be perfect . no one is allowed to wear anything which isn't written in the school rules . the general rules which are used in all schools aren't so strict , however there are a few things that need to be changed . for example , if you don't come to school for 10 days in a year , you fail that year . 
thank god it isn't so strict at home . my family allows me almost everything except smoking and drinking alcohol of course , which i don't do anyway . i am allowed to stay up late , i'm allowed to bring my friends home and stuff like that . however there is one thing that my parents don't like me to do . they hate it when i play music loudly . i think they don't like the music i listen to . 
this is all that i can tell you about my school and family . rules are everywhere and you can't change them . so just don't think about them . 
your best pen friend
dear ms clark , 
i recently spent two days at your annual international arts festival . it was the first time i have been and i was very pleased to go . actually , i wasn't disappointed . however i would like to give my opinion about the festival . 
first of all , i congratulate you on organising this kind of event . it was such a great success that some people weren't able to get tickets ! you should increase the number of places you offer . therefore , you could invite artists from around the world and not only from six countries: it would be more pleasant . 
although i am keen on classical music , i found some concert halls too small . i was wondering if you could improve that ? also , there were some interesting films but not enough . perhaps you could possibly meet some producers who come from other countries in order to show different cultures . 
besides , to buy one reasonably-priced weekend ticket for all events is excellent because we could see all that we wanted without paying each time . 
finally , i suggest inviting important scientists like hubert reeves or aaroun tazief so as to inform the public about new technologies or sciences because they also are a kind of art ! 
i look forward to attending the next festival ! 
yours sincerely , 
dear laurel , 
thank you for your recent letter . i couldn't write sooner because i was very busy last week . 
i see you are interested in hearing about school rules in france and also about what i am allowed to do or not to do at home . 
to begin with the school rules , we have in fact some important ones . firstly , when you arrive late for your lesson , you have to apologize to your teacher . also , when you have forgotten to do your homework . what's more , you had better do it or you will have to go to the blackboard ! 
although our library is very large , we mustn't make a noise in order not to disturb the students who are working . it may be like that in your library , is it ? 
i consider the school rules are good: we should respect the teachers and people who need to work . 
at home , i have to look after my two little brothers when my parents are here . if i don't do the cooking , i will have to do the washing up . i am sometimes allowed to watch the television when i have finished my homework . 
fortunately , i can play the violin when i want , even if i haven't done my homework . it is what i like most . 
i don't really want to change that , i think it is fair like this . i hope this answer satisfies you . 
i look forward to receiving your next letter ! 
best wishes
dear jane , 
i have read the advertisement for the festival and i must say it is a great idea . i would like to give you some suggestions . 
the stars and artists are from only six countries , and some concerts take place in small halls . i think you should put that in the advertisement . are there going to be more plays and films next year ? 
i find the reasonably-priced ticket excellent , because there are a lot of people who go to see only one or two events , and by paying for the all-events ticket , they might see other events and learn about something they didn't expect to find interesting . i would like you to answer my letter . 
i'm looking forward to hearing from you , 
dear john , 
here in brazil the rules at school depend on the school . in general , the rules at private schools are much stricter than the ones at state schools . in mine , we didn't have many rules . for example , nobody said anything when we smoked in the garden or in the bathroom . we were allowed to go out if we didn't want to stay in class . but we had to wear the uniform and we had to study a lot to pass the exams . 
the rules at home are very different . i am allowed to do what i want as long as i study enough to aprove . i think that my parents let me do what i want because they trust me . they know that if i go out with the car , i will not drink . it is not always easy , but there are rules in every home and you have to respect them . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you , 
16/12/2000
dear jane clark , 
first of all , i'd like you to know that the whole organization was almost excellent . i spent two nice days at the festival full of art . 
the idea of making the festival " international " was very good . i could find the opportunity to watch artists from different countries , but there could have been stars from more than 6 countries . the jazz , classical and rock concerts were great despite some of the concert halls being too small . the plays and films i watched were also excellent , but more could be on the stage next year . i attended the art exhibitions and saw interesting pictures . the dance shows were a sight for our sore eyes ; they were really fascinating . i learned so many things about the writers and their ideas , not to mention their lifestyles , by talking to them . in addition to all that , the idea of joining in all the activities with one nicely reasonably priced ticket was excellent because it saved you from having to buy one ticket for each activity . next year , i think you should increase the number of shows , concerts and other things , and also the time spent at the festival ( for example: at least 5 days ) , then everything would be perfect . 
thank you for holding a great festival which made all the arts activities come together . 
yours sincerely , 
dear jennifer , 
i'm glad that everything's going on well there . it's the same here . i've got a lot of exams at the moment , but that's all . by the way , it would be better if you wrote to me quite often . 
the things you wrote about the rules made me think for a long time and i understood that some really don't make any sense ! the more you obey the rules , the better person you are ! our school is really very disciplined , especially about our clothes and behaviour . i understand the second part , but i can't understand the reason for wearing white and dark blue only only wearing white and dark blue . do we become the " perfect one " then ? then again , we have to obey all these rules . it can be said that i'm much freer at home . i'm allowed to do whatever i want in my room . i can't go out at nights easily , but that is not something that i mind about . there are three main things that are very important for my family: respect , honesty and trust . i think i show these three to them . 
don't ever forget to write to me , okay ? 
love , 
dear ms j . clark , 
i am writing to you to thank you for your very good organisation of the international arts festival , where i spent two excellent days recently . 
i would like to inform you that the idea was great and i hope that so needful for people events will become a good tradition in our country . i think that providing such festivals could help people to be at the centre of cultural life of the world and to have enough information about new artistic styles . 
but i hope that next year visitors to the festival will be able to be introduced to more art groups from all over the world . i suggest it would be very interesting to meet artists from faraway and exotic countries . 
also , if i were you i would make your concert halls a bit larger , because very many people would like to spend their holidays with their families at your festival next year . 
at the event this year some halls which i visited were overcrowded and there were some problems with ventilation during some shows . 
to finish my letter , i hope that my notes can help you to make next year's festival more interesting and comfortable for the public . 
yours sincerely , 
want to be independent ? earn money for yourself . 
everybody knows that ordinary students are not the richest people in the world . but when you are at university you need money more then anybody else want . 
it is so because you are young and need to make your life as interesting as it can be now . 
all those discos , concerts , and tourist trips have to be paid for with different sums of those small coloured pieces of paper called money
of course , the easiest way to get it is to ask your parents for help , but a great number of young people want to be independent . so they need to get a job and that is very difficult when you haven't got any special education and experience yet . 
the most common way to earn money is babysitting . many young people earn their pocket money in this way , helping parents in the neighbourhood to have a bit more spare time . other students work as house or office managers , make promotion of sell different goods or even work as bouncers . naturally , it's easier to get a job when you are good at foreign languages or computers . then you can find yourself work as a tourist guide or as a secretary . 
sometimes small groups of students organize their own small business . for example , they can design furniture or clothes , create websites and so on . in short , if a young man wants to earn a bit of money himself , luck and success will find him . 
dear jane clark , 
the reason i am writing this letter is to congratulate you on the international arts festival . i think the festival was fine but in my opinion there should be some improvements to make this festival better . 
firstly , there were stars and artists from only six countries . this number should be increased to attract more and different people . also some concert halls were too small for this many people . in contrast with the halls , the concerts were great and i saw everybody enjoyed then . i must admit that you were very successful at finding good stars . 
the films and plays were not very many there were not very many films and plays . as a result of this there were not enough kinds of films . in order to attract more people with different interests , the films and plays should be increased . i have nothing to say about the dance show , art exhibitions and talks by writers . they were excellent and they attracted all kinds of people . 
another point is the tickets . the weekend ticket is excellent because it is not very expensive and it allows you to see everything . but i was disappointed that there was no competition between the films shown . i think there should be an oscar-like competition in order to make people more ambitious to make better films . 
dear elinor , 
i was so glad to receive your last letter because i'd started to think that you were angry with me for not writing for a long time . i promise i'll write more . 
the school rules are horrible here . we are restricted in doing nearly everything . the school is like a dungeon here . i don't want to be so evil about school but rules are rules and they are limiting us within the borders of our school . 
we must wear uniform-like clothes all day and all week . they don't even let us wear different sweaters , etc other than dark blue . it is boring . we are not allowed to compare our thoughts during the lessons because the teachers think that we are chatting . how poor their imaginations are ! ! 
however we are free at home . you can do anything you like as long as you have good grades . if you don't , you hear the same word every day , " study , study , study " ! nobody likes to study but we have to . 
you can't imagine how happy i am and i'm looking forward to hearing from you soon . 
love , 
dear madam , 
i'm writing to you in order to express my feelings about the international arts festival . i spent two days there , and i think it was the best arts festival i have ever been to . i also hope that the festival could be even better next year . the great idea of making it " international " was unfortunately not brought to life , because the artists ( said to be " from around the world " ) were from only six countries . maybe the reason for that is very simple: lack of money ? it would explain why some concert halls were simply too small - you just couldn't afford bigger ones . 
on the other hand , the wide range of plays and films to choose from impressed me the most . i thank you for organizing it , and hope to see more next year . 
i also thank you for the excellent idea of having one ticket for all events , which allowed me to see all the things i was interested in . 
my suggestion for next year's festival is simple - please make it a few days longer ! 
yours faithfully , 
dear friend , 
thank you for your last letter - i was very pleased to receive it . if you really want to hear about school rules in my country , i'll try to write about them briefly . 
we do not have many school rules , and the teachers are rather liberal . we don't have to wear any special uniforms or signs of our school . some rules are really simple: we must be at school on time , and we must not disturb others during classes . we are not allowed to smoke cigarettes or drink alcohol of course ! in winter we are to change our shoes . it may sound funny , but mud , gravel and snow lying on the school floors is not a nice sight , so we change our shoes without questioning that rule . i am also used to writing exams which are in polish schools very often very often in polish schools . 
at home i don't have many rules either . i must wash the dishes from time to time ( i sometimes try to avoid this unpleasant duty ) and clean our house . 
i don't think there is anything i'd like to change . i'm very pleased with my situation and i hope you are pleased with yours ! 
yours faithfully , 
dear ms clark , 
i am writing to you in order to give you some advice about the annual international arts festival . 
last season i spent two days at the festival . i enjoyed myself very much , but i think that the organization of the next festival could be better . 
first of all , as i see it the idea of an arts festival is great because in this way many people can get to know artists who comes come from different countries . unfortunately , in the last edition the artists came from only six countries , so i think you should invite artists from other countries , for example from africa . 
secondly , i appreciated the fact that there were concerts for different kinds of music , but in this case the main problem was that some concert halls were too small , and because of that i couldn't see one of the concerts on the programme . 
in my opinion , one of the best things about the last festival was that there were not only concerts there . i saw films and i played ping-pong . at the next edition will there be more or less of that ? more i hope . the thing that i liked much more than anything else was that i only had to buy one ticket for all the events , and it was not pricey . 
it is clear that for me the last festival was really great , so i have only one suggestion to give you . i think you should have a kindergarten . in fact a certain number of women couldn't see the festival because of their children . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely 
i like reading very much , because every book that i read shows me a different world . what i am trying to explain is that in every book there are characters or situations that are really different . 
so we can read realistic stories or fantastic ones . it depends on what we prefer . 
i always prefer to read books that are unusual in some way , because they give me the opportunity to escape from everyday reality . one of my favourite books is without doubt wuthering heights , a famous book written by emily bront . the attention of the is focused on the unfortunate love between heatcliff and catherine . 
they are the main characters of that book , and what characterize characterizes them is the violence of their passions . in this book you can find only good or bad characters ; everything is good or bad . if you look at this book like a painting you can't see afumature of colours , you see only primary colours . 
in other words , when i read a book i want to go into a world where i can find something different from my everyday life . 
dear jane clark , 
i'm writing to you because i went to the international arts festival and it was a pleasure . let me introduce myself: i'm mary , i'm nineteen and i'm studying arts . also , i want you to know my opinion and i'd like to give you my suggestions , because it would be useful for you for the next festival . 
firstly , i want to congratulate you on the idea . i think that is very important the development of the arts the development of the arts is very important and that everybody could attend without paying too much . having one ticket for all the events is a great method because it's an organised way of paying and you save time . 
on the other hand , i must tell you that some concert halls are too small , so you can't be enough comfortable comfortable enough to appreciate the event . another thing is that the artists come only from six countries , so don't deceive people by saying that they are from all over the world . 
in my opinion , you should invite more artists from other countries and have some bigger concert halls or maybe change the distribution . 
well , i think that i have told you everything but could you tell me , if possible , if there will be more plays and films next year ? 
i'm waiting for your answer . 
yours sincerely , 
dear jane , 
thanks for your letter : it was nice to hear from you again . i've recently started classes so all the rules were given to us , as you know , on the first day . as you wanted me to tell you what the rules are like here , i'll start . 
firstly , in our classroom you can't shout , you must be quiet and sit down . you must always pay attention because you don't know if the teacher will ask you some question . in exams , you can't talk to the teacher , and you mustn't eat chewing gum or take a walkman with you . in my home i can avoid those rules . my mum just doesn't want me to arrive late . however , i can go dancing whenever i want but i must tell her beforehand . my mum is a lovely woman and she doesn't know how much i love her because most of the day i'm outside , but that's the truth . my father is a bit jealous but agrees with what my mum says . 
so , i'm free when i'm out of school . i'd like it would be nicer going there . 
lots of love , 
dear mrs clark
i'm writing to express my dissatisfaction with the international arts festival , which was organised by you last year . however , i think that international arts festival is a great idea but i suggest you prepare it better . 
firstly , it was written in the advertisement that there would be stars and artists from around the world . i believe that it's difficult to arrange meetings with foreign stars but there were artists from only six countries and in my opinion there
should be more . secondly , the concerts took place in concert halls which in my opinion were too small . that was the reason why some people were complaining . 
thirdly , i suggest you put more plays and films on next year , because watching them is a very nice way of spending our free time . 
fourthly , i have to admit that a big advantage was your idea of giving one reasonably-priced weekend ticket for all events . that was excellent because it attracted people's attention . 
lastly , i'd like to give you a piece of advice . i suggest you invite some film stars , because they are very famous and people like them . 
i hope you'll look into these matters and improve the festival next year . 
i look forward to hearing from you , 
yours sincerely 
nowadays everybody wants to earn money . young people know that money makes the world go round , so they always look for a job with a big salary . some people say that the young shouldn't be independent and earn on their own , but i am sure that it's better to work in your free time than waste it . in my opinion , the young should work rather than wait for their pocket money . there are a lot of possibilities of earning some money but of course the young are not able to get a well-paid job , because they are not experienced and educated enough . they have to think about seasonal jobs . firstly , a good way to earn money is to help the old . they are often not able to do their shopping or walk the dog . if you help them , they may give you some money as a reward . secondly , you can find an easy job in a shopping centre . it's better paid and a permanent job . you can work in storage , look after the goods or catch shoplifters . if you are a good mathematician you can be a seller . 
thirdly , if you are good-looking you can apply for a job in a restaurant and become a waiter . maybe you'll not get a big salary but think about the tips , which in the posh restaurants are very high . 
lastly , if you like playing instruments and you don't like working you can go busking . if you are a good musician you will get a lot of money . 
dear jane clark , the organiser of the international arts festival
i'm one of the citizens people that enjoyed the last international arts festival . most of the attractions were excellent , but i'd like to point out that the quality was high , but the quantity was not enough . 
first of all , the only " six countries " doesn't mean " around the world " . i suppose you had difficulty managing the schedule . 
second , some concert halls were too small , so some of the audience couldn't concentrate on listening to the music . and others couldn't enter the hall . 
but the " all-in-one ticket " was a good idea . in fact queuing up in front of every ticket office is a waste of time . 
i presume if the term becomes longer the festival will become excellent better , because it'll be easier to manage the artists artists' schedule and the audience can enjoy the live . 
i'd like to go to the festival again ! 
thank you for your letter . and i'd like to answer your question . first , in japan , generally school rules are more strict than at home . the gap between them is tremendously big ! i can say the actions which are prohibited at school are no problem at home , because the purpose of school rules is not only to create discipline but also unity . 
here , i will write down one of the rules at my school . " whenever the students wear an extra item of clothing ( because of the cold or something ) his or her ( not the student ! ) parents fill in an application form with their authorized signatures " . 
you will ask me why . the reason is given above . . . " unity " . in addition " the students must not use any commercial paper bags ( received at a department store etc ) " . now you know the reason ! 
needless to say i'd like to change such ridiculous rules , because such rules are not for us . they are for teachers ! don't you think so ? 
do you have any rules at school that make you upset ? if you have please tell me . 
yours faithfully 
dear jane clark , 
i am writing this letter to give my opinion on the last international arts festival . 
firstly , i found amazing the number of stars and artists who came to the festival the number of stars and artists who came to the festival amazing although they were from only six countries around the world . the concerts and the dance show were incredible , except for the classical concert that was in a hall too small too small a hall . 
secondly , the plays and films were very well organized despite the low numbers . i suggest you do organise a couple more next year . the art exhibition and the talks by writers were great . the art exhibition showed us a new lifestyle and society that was totally different from ours . the talks by writers were very technical but they could be understood by all the people who were at the festival . 
in conclusion , i was impressed by all the good organisation , the service and the cost of the weekend ticket for all events . the price was excellent because there wasn't any limit of time time limit . 
i hope that you organise this festival for all the coming years . 
yours sincerely
dear alice , 
how are you ? i was pleased to hear from you . 
as you already know i go to an english school , bear house , in spain . the rules in my country are standard normal , i mean , the rules are very similar to other countries in europe . 
at school you aren't allowed to bring in connected mobile phones although there is more than one student that does . teachers will take it from you if it rings during school hours . nor are you allowed to bring drugs or arms , to smoke or to drink alcohol inside the school . you have to respect other people's opinions , teachers , school equipment and people who work in the school . if you break one of these rules you could be expelled for a week , a month or for ever . 
at home i'm allowed to do what i want if i'm respectful of my parents' timetable . i can go out at night once a week if i tell them where i'm going to be . if i lie to them or don't explain the plans that my friends and i have i won't be able to go out . and , and will have the responsibility of looking after my brother when they aren't at home . 
in answer to your question , i wouldn't change anything because i think that these are the minimum rules that a teenager has to have to be responsible in the future . 
love 
dear mrs clark , 
i am writing to you because , as one of the visitors of the international arts festival which took place two weeks ago in our city , i would like to let you know some of my opinions - and suggestions , as well - related to what i saw at the festival and what i could not see , but i would have liked to find . 
first of all , i must congratulate the people responsible for this good idea . we all know that our city lacks art festivals and cultural activities in general . and what better way to solve this than to give the festival an international character . 
but including only six countries in the festival does not seem enough , in my opinion . i think next year you should invite more countries , because the festival would be more multicultural . 
secondly , there were some accommodation problems in the classical concerts because some concert halls were too small . another important thing is that , despite the number and quality of films , there were , from my point of view , not many plays . in addition , i would like to talk about the success with most visitors of the weekend ticket of the weekend ticket with most visitors , due to its economical price and because of its commodity ease of use . 
finally , i would like to suggest that , in next year's festival , you include different kinds of music , like ska or ethnic world music . 
yours sincerely , 
who doesn't want to earn some money ? the topic says that young people have a lot of problems , but without any doubt , money is one of the most important of them . 
if you still don't have financial independence from your parents and your studies don't permit you to have a full-time job , these are some suggestions that maybe will help you . 
one possible thing is to display what you can do best in a public place , and , then , " sell " it to the people . for example , you can do a folk dance , do hamlet in the street , or even sing with some of your friends a nice song from your country a nice song from your country with some of your friends . you must be aware , however , of the difficulties with these kinds of things ( bad weather , no attention from the people and so on ) . 
but maybe you are too shy to do this . in this case , you can cook some cakes and sell them near a school or in the centre of the city , as well as other traditional products: cheese , honey , chocolate . . . 
another thing that can be useful is to make some pottery or do original paintings and sculptures . you don't need to be a picasso : is enough a bit of imagination a bit of imagination is enough . 
if you don't feel like doing any of this thing of these things , you have alternative solutions . if you like fishing , you can try to collaborate with the local market or some shops , in order to sell them the fish you catch yourself . 
finally , if none of the above achieves a result , you could organise classical parties in discos or work as a babysitter . it doesn't matter how , the aim is always money . 
dec . 16th , 2000
dear ms clark , 
i am writing to mention my opinions on the international arts festival that you have organised this year . it was a great idea , but i think i need to make some points about the things that i found unsatisfactory . 
first of all , i was disappointed that the artists invited were from only six countries . next year's festival will be much better if artists from places other than europe and the usa take part in it . 
secondly , despite the high quality of the concerts , some of the halls they were given in were too small for the audience . they were cold and damp , too , because the air-conditioning system was inadequate . 
thirdly , i think more plays and films should be shown next year . however , i found the idea of a single ticket for all the events of the weekend excellent , as the price was reasonable and access to a wide range of events was provided . 
finally , i should say that i had a very good time in spite of the flaws and i would like to thank you for it . i wish to enjoy an even better festival next year . 
yours sincerely , 
dec 16th , 2000
dear mary , 
i'm glad to have received your letter and i'd really like to talk about the school and family rules here . 
firstly , the weirdest rule in our schools is that we must wear uniforms all the time . this is especially bad for us girls , as we are obliged to wear skirts and we cannot climb the stairs or run like the boys . but apart from this , i think most rules of the school are quite reasonable , like addressing the teacher using the second person plural ( it is different in turkish ) or standing up when s/he enters the class . as we are a developing country , teachers are quite respected . 
another thing that is different from your schools is that we don't change classrooms between periods . we stay in the class in which we have been registered for the whole year , and a different teacher comes in every period . 
let me talk about the rules at home . we like chatting on the phone so much that most of our parents have limited the talking time to five minutes , threatening to cut off the wires otherwise . also , as most of us live in flats , we're not allowed to listen to loud music or run or play ball games in the house ! but we are legally allowed to play instruments like the piano until 10 p . m . 
i'd love to write more , mary , but i'm in a real rush nowadays . this month has been full of exams and there are still some coming up next week , so i must be a swot as you see . anyway , i'm looking forward to hearing your comments about our rules . 
take care ! 
dear jane clark , 
i had a wonderful time at the international arts festival . i think this festival is a great idea in that it allows people to enjoy arts from around the world , but i also have some complaints . 
first of all , i was disappointed when i found that there were no artists from indonesia . there were stars and artists from only six countries . 
secondly , the concert halls . the performances were great , but some halls were too small to accommodate all the people who were there that day . a crowded hall is not good when it comes to enjoying music . 
overall , however , the festival was definitely a great success . i liked the plays and films , and want to see more next year . the special tickets were excellent because we could enjoy the arts without worrying about money . so all you need to improve things are larger concert halls . i also suggest that you should make it easier to find out where and what is going on using more noticeboards . 
i have no doubt that you will succeed with next year's festival . 
sincerely yours , 
i would like to recommend the job of home tutor . it is a job where you become a teacher and visit your student at his or her house . 
the best advantage of this job is the pay . it is very good considering how little time we spend on it . it's about 3 , 000 yen per hour in my district . it is also attractive that this job rarely affects our university studies . students who want home tutors are usually primary school , junior high school , or senior high school students , and that means they take lessons after school , not in the daytime . so , in the daytime , we can focus on our studies . 
it is not so easy for every student , though , because teaching requires a lot of knowledge . you have to be much smarter than your student , and you also need to prepare for lessons , because it is your responsibility to provide your student with the right information . 
as you see , teaching is hard work in some respects . but i am enjoying it and getting a lot out of it . 
dear ms clark
i am writing to you because i have some suggestions for next year's festival , and if it is possible i like would like to give you some opinions about this year's festival . 
firstly , in your advertisement it states: stars and artists from around the world , but this year they were only from six countries . it would be great if there were more artists and not just six . 
secondly , the concerts were fantastic , especially the rock concerts . i a lot enjoyed them enjoyed them a lot , but some of the halls are too small . i saw that a lot of people were unsatisfied . 
another thing , plays and films . i saw only 2 plays and 3 films . for me it is too few . one of the reasons that i have visited your arts festival was to see a lot of plays . in the future , i suppose hope to be an actress and that's why i want to learn something from the professionals . i hope that next year i will . 
the last thing is that i was very surprised when i read that you have a weekend ticket . this is an excellent idea because during the week people don't have too much time to go to the festival . now they can visit it with the whole family at the weekend and see all events for a reasonable-price reasonable price . 
i hope that you consider my opinions . if you can't consider all of them , i would like only one: more and more plays ! 
yours sincerely 
dear annabel
thank you for your letter , and i'm sorry i haven't written . i have had examinations , but now i have plenty of time and i can write a letter to you . in your letter you ask me about the rules at school and home i have i have at school and home . i think that they are the same as yours , but i'm not sure 100 per cent 100 per cent sure so i write am writing this letter :
the rules at school are: we must be on time for lessons , and we always must must always do our homework . everybody must be present at lessons . if someone is ill , they must bring a note from a doctor . and the main rule is that everyone must be nice to the teachers . at home i must clean my room and vacuum the home . i often go shopping and help my mother clean windows . i like cleaning my home , and i like it when it is clean and fresh . however i'm the only child and i don't have to do too much but i want to and i like it . there is one thing i would like to change , and that is the treatment students receive from teachers . they want too much from students and are unkind to them . 
that's all . i hope that i have given you answers for all the questions you had . 
give my best wishes to your family . 
bye
to:
from:
i spent two days at the annual international arts festival from 21 to 22 of november . 
this festival was well-organised well organised . there were a lot of activities for everyone . i really liked the exhibitions . i had a chance to see amazing pictures with wezy painted by russian painters . there was an excellent jazz concert . the band " three kings " presented a new style of music . i would like to notice that the dance show was absolutely marvellous . what a great idea to invite writers ! i really liked to talk talking with them . 
from my point of view i can complain only about the small concert hall and the fact there were artists from only six countries . nowadays many people are fond of classical music , but this concert was too small . that's why many people missed this classical concert . 
you wrote an advertisement saying that people from more than 15 different countries were going to visit this concert , but there were artists from only 6 countries . it was really a pity because i expected to see artists from france and italy . 
the international arts festival was organised quite well . i would only recommended recommend you have more artists and the classical concert should be in a bigger hall . 
one man and one woman lived in a small house beside the sea . their names were ivan and maria . they were so poor that sometimes they hardly had anything to eat . 
one day ivan caught a fish . it wasn't a normal fish . it was a gold fish and it talked to him like a human : ' please , let me go and i can do anything you want for you ' . but ivan was such a kind person that he let gold fish go without making any conditions . 
afterwards he came back home . he told his wife this story . she was angry and she said that ivan was just a foolish man . she persuade persuades persuaded him to go to the sea to ask for a lot of things for her . ivan had to do what she said . gold fish did everything that ivan asked . 
when he comes came back home , he was surprised because maria was more angry than before . she said that what gold fish had done for her wasn't enough . 
ivan had to beg gold fish again and again . in the end , greedy maria wanted impossible things . she said that ivan should bring gold fish home and ivan could leave their house because she didn't need him anymore . maria wanted too much and gold fish returned everything at the beginning . maria and ivan were poor again . 
this story happened a long time ago . 
dear mr. clark , 
i'm an italian student who came went to the last international arts festival . 
i think this festival is a great idea because it's an opportunity to see and to appreciate art , but i also think there are some things that could be changed . 
i noticed that the artists were from only six countries instead that from around the world . this choice doesn't give many artists the opportunity to express themselves . 
some concert halls were too small and often people couldn't see the performances . 
there were many events and i think there were a few plays and films . maybe it would be better to put more of them in the programme because young people like them so much . 
the very about young people , the decision to offer a reasonably priced weekend ticket is an excellent idea because it brings them to have a contact with all what it art . 
i hope that my opinion can help you to organize for next year a great international arts festival alone to young people . 
thank you and greetings . 
i think a good way to get money is to work in a fast-food restaurant . 
maybe the first impression isn't positive but , from my personal experience , i can say that this kind of job is fine for getting some money . for six months i've worked in a mcdonald's restaurant in italy and i've got lots of money . i worked eight hours every day , but in every fast-food restaurant you can work part-time , four , three , six hours every day . 
it depends on what you need . 
this kind of job is perfect for young people who want to get money and at the same time have to study . 
if you work in a fast-food restaurant you can work in the afternoon , or during the night , and so you have time for yourself . 
among the staff you can also find young people and having have fun with them during work . 
what more do you want ? 
if you need money and you need time for yourself try a job like that . 
dear mrs . clark , 
the international arts festival was very interesting including the fact that stars and artists had also come from around the world . i enjoyed it tremendously . later i found out that the stars and artists had only come from six countries . 
not only were there jazz and rock but there were classical concerts as well . the only thing that distracted me was the size of the concert halls . they were very small and i was pushed by everyone . 
there were wonderful plays and films which i hope there will be more of . all the other shows such as dance shows , art exhibitions and talks by writers were very entertaining . 
i was happy at the end as the weekend tickets were reasonably priced for all events . i thought it was worthwhile to have spent two days at the arts festival in the end . 
yours sincerely
once upon a time there was a widow and a widower . they treated each other as if they were husband and wife . 
around two years later there was a meeting . by that time the widow could not walk and the widower could not see . when the widower sensed that the widow badly wanted to go , the widow clung on the widower's back and set off telling him where to go . 
on the way they were thirsty so when they looked into the lake , they saw a long bar of gold . the widower told the widow leave it alone as they couldn't share it when the widow told him . they kept going on until they met a fat , small man . he came and said to the widower that he was to take him on his back . the widow , who was afaid , told the man about the gold . 
when the man hurriedly ran to the lake , all he found was a long snake . he was just able to kill it by cutting the snake in half by using his knife which was as sharp as a sickle . 
the man went back to the widower and kicked him . the widower was confused and they went to the lake . they were very surprised when they found out the gold was cut in half . they lived happily ever after . this story happened a long time ago . 
dear j . clark , 
i'm writing in response to your advertisement about the annual international arts festival . i really think it was a great idea to organize such a festival in our city as there are lots of people fond of art over here . i'm sure they are all very grateful to you now . 
i've already been to the festival and i think it's really important to let people see artists from all over the world . it would be wonderful if there were stars from more than six countries next year , the festival would be even more interesting then . 
i also think the places you have chosen for the classical concerts were not good sometimes , some of the halls seemed to be too small . but your idea about the weekend ticket is just excellent , people from the whole country get the opportunity to visit your festival and see all the events you are offering . 
i've got just one more suggestion for next year's festival . you could probably show a few more films and interviews with the most interesting artists . i'm sure it would attract lots of young people . 
well , thank you very much for this festival , my friends and i have enjoyed it a lot . 
yours sincerely , 
dear dave , 
thank you so much for your lovely letter , it's always great to get something from you . how are things going over there ? it's quite difficult to talk about our school rules actually , but i'll try to help you somehow . hope it will be interesting for you . by the way , are you allowed to smoke in the school ? our teachers don't let us smoke , of course , but you can always see some students smoking outside , so it's not that strict to be honest . we're not allowed to drink alcohol as well and quarrel with any of the teachers . 
as for our rules at home , it's always different and just depends on your family . 
my parents are not very strict , as you know , and i appreciate them for giving me freedom . they understand that i can make my own decisions , but i know they will never leave me and they will help me and my brother any time we need it . i think the only rule in my house is to care about each other . 
i hope to hear from you soon
ideas to improve the festival
dear jane clark , 
i went to the international arts festival and saw some interesting things , but many points could be better . that is why i'm writing to you , to give you some suggestions that you can take into consideration or not . 
firstly , it is a good idea that the festival is international . but in the advertisement it was said that the artists were from all over the world but i saw only six nationalities . 
secondly , the classical concerts were excellent but the halls were so crowded that nobody could walk . in my opinion , it would be important to rent bigger halls next year . 
thirdly , i noticed that the plays and the films were good entertainment . they attracted a lot of people and they were really joyous after that . 
finally , the reasonable price of the tickets for the weekend was a good point , because all kinds of people can afford to buy them . i also think that you should have a snack bar or a little restaurant so that the people are not too hungry and moreover you can make a lot of profit . 
in conclusion , on the whole the festival was a success , but these suggestions can maybe help you to improve it . 
i hope you will not take this letter as a complaint and i look forward to going to the next festival . 
yours sincerely
home and school rules
dear andrew , 
i have received your letter and thank you for it . i am very happy to hear from you and i hope that you are well . as expected , i want to talk first about my school and then about my home . 
as you know , i finished school two years ago . this year , i started a private school in dijon . so the rules are clear , you need to participate in the lessons and also pass the exam in june 2000 . in our class , we don't have a problem with students who dislike working , because we are all there for the same reasons and nobody wants to stay there for years and years . it is also expensive and i can't afford to stay there too long . 
in my sweet home , my parents let me do what i want , because i am an adult now . but when we are out , we have to be careful not to disturb the other people . it is the same in our family for . for example , my parents dislike hearing music throughout the whole house or that i let dust everywhere . when i go out , they don't give me a time to be home , because i don't exaggerate i'm sensible . 
in conclusion , i don't want to change anything in my house or at school , because i totally agree with the few rules that i have . 
i hope these few pieces of information can help you and i look forward to hearing from you . 
best wishes
ireland , 16 december 2000
dear mrs clark , 
i am writing to you about the international arts festival which took place on the 21 and 22 november . i think it is a great idea to have this kind of festival in our region and i really enjoyed most of the events i went to . however , i feel that it could be even better next year . 
firstly , according to your advertisement , the 'stars and artists from around the world' came from only six countries . i felt quite disappointed as everybody knows that " our " world is full of different cultures . maybe not enough were represented . 
in spite of the fact that the classical concerts were really good , i think that some concert halls were too small and so not everybody could appreciate the excellent quality of the music . 
i really enjoyed the plays and films . i wonder if there will be more next year ? i hope so ! 
finally , i would like to tell you that the idea of one reasonably priced ticket for the weekend is excellent . we can go where we want to , see what we feel like seeing . however , i think the weekend is really too short . may i suggest you think about doing the festival over a week . 
i look forward to hearing from you soon . 
yours sincerely , 
dear magda , 
thanks very much for your letter . as you asked me in it , here are some of the school and home rules in my country , france . 
first of all , and i think it's very different in england , children don't wear uniforms at school . i was very surprised when i saw them in your country . it was a bit funny for me . 
of course when you're in class you have to behave yourself and be polite with the teacher and the other schoolchildren . during the break , usually some teachers stay out and keep an eye on you . i think nowadays , children are more free and heard . i mean as regards the contact between them and adults . usually they know what they're allowed to do or not and if they don't respect it , the teacher not only punishes them ( though not always ) but also speaks with them . 
at home it is different . each family has its own rules . as far as i am concerned , when i was a child , i was not allowed to stay up very late with my parents and sometimes i wanted to because i was not tired . but i was a clever child . so , usually , at home , like at school , you have to behave yourself but differently , because you're at home so you feel more confident . there are some rules , like " don't speak with a full mouth " ; " don't put your finger in your nose " ; " say please and thank you " ; " don't fight with your brother " ; and so on , but i think it's the same everywhere . 
well , i hope i've helped you a little and i look forward to hearing from you soon . 
with lots of love , 
dear ms clark , 
i write you this letter because i want to tell you about my experiences at the festival . i spent two days at the " international arts festival " and i have to say that it was a good event but i think some details could be better the next time . for example , on the leaflet it was written that there would be stars and artists from around the world but they were only from six different countries . that was disappointing ! some concert halls were really small so that there was bad air and not enough room for everyone and you could not enjoy anything ! what about plays and films ? it was a small offer ; i hope it will be larger the next time . 
but do not worry ! there were also very good events like the dance shows , the art exhibition and the talks given by writers . 
the reasonably-priced weekend ticket was a very good idea . this was a clever way to attract people . 
last , i would like to suggest a " pony-ride " for children , to attract families . please tell me your opinion about this . 
best regards
i think there are some opportunities for earning money . i would say the simplest way is to give lessons to pupils , for example , in maths or english . there are also some schools which offer such a job . teaching pupils is not easy , of course . but i think that after a few lessons the pupils will see that it is better if they sit down and learn their stuff . so it will be easier for the teacher then ! also it is not dirty work . i mean you do not have to clean rooms or other people's toilets ! and you do not need to carry heavy things or have stress with customers , as you would if you were working in a shop . to be a good teacher you especially need patience and good nerves ! not everybody has the ability to understand everything at once . and the money you get is not less . 
so , if you like to be with people and help them and if you have the talent to explain things well then it would be best if you offered your help to the people ! 
dear jane clark
i went to the international arts festival which you organized . most of the events were good , but i felt that the festival could be even better next year . so , may i give you my suggestions and opinions ? 
i think the international arts festival is a great idea ! but the stars and artists who are from around the world were from only six countries . you had better invite more nationalities' nationalities . 
and some concert halls were too small , so you had better have larger concert halls and also you had better have more plays and films next year than this year . 
i think the idea of one reasonably-priced weekend ticket for all events is excellent , because it is not complex , also we don't confuse . 
if you can improve these points , your festival will be better than this year's . 
yours sincerely 
dear johnny
thank you for your letter . 
anyway , you want to know about rules at home and school in my country , don't you ? 
my school's rules aren't strict . we are allowed to do a lot of things . for example , we can wear any clothes and shoes - whatever we want . and it doesn't matter if we enter the classroom at any time we want . of course we can go out of the classroom at any time . 
but some schools in my country don't allow a lot of things . one of the rules at my friend's school is you are not allowed to drink or eat anything during a class . and the students have to wear uniforms , so they can't choose their clothes . 
also , there is one strict rule at my home . it is that i have to come back to my house by 11 o'clock at night . i think it's a stupid rule ! 
i really want to change this rule . 
many of my friends have this rule . 
how about in your country ? 
love
dear mrs clark
i am writing to you to " help " you with your festival next year . last year wasn't very good so maybe we can make it more attractive this year . 
first first , i think we should rent bigger halls so that we can make a better sound and give more space for the audience ! if we will offer one reasonably-priced weekend ticket for all events we can make interested more people more people interested . we can invite stars and artists from around the world who will play and presents present all kinds of music like jazz , rock , classical etc . 
it should be done so people can see how people in every corner of the world have their own fun . art exhibitions are a good idea too , to introduce explain how the music is made and show how the instruments work . 
afterwards we could let people talk with the artists so they could get know to know their them privately personally . 
mrs . jane if you want hear to hear more of my suggestions and opinions about it please contact me on my cell phone cellphone . 
yours sincerely 
dear simona , 
thank you for your letter . it was so nice to hear from you again and i am glad you have mentioned this subject . 
it's believed that english schools look different and have different rules to polish schools but maybe we might find something in comon in common . 
what rules do we have in our schools ? first of all , it depends what kind of school it is : primary , high school or university . i think that now polish schools are going forward making progress but they still have lots of bad habits . 
polish students have to study a lot with books and they have fewer practical lessons , and sometimes it's hard to get books or other needed things things needed for studying . the conneat connect connection relations hip between students and their teachers or principals is very poor ! 
during lessons we are not allowed to have food or drink , and we can't be late to school . 
school is suppose supposed to be our second home but it's not . we work hard and at the end of our education we still have nothing . 
you ask me what would i change ? i would make schools less stressful , with added fun 'cause it's easier that way that way it's easier to learn and i would give students more chances to share their fantasy fantasies at school . 
maybe the polish system is not bad , but it's comfortable too . i know that this letter will not change anything but you can see how complicated is a polish student's life a polish student's life is . 
yours 

dear ms jane clark , 
i am writing to you to tell you that i enjoyed the international arts festival held on 21-22 november this year . 
i liked the plays and the films most . some films were really wonderful . you had picked unknown but talented directors' films and they were really worth watching . and the concerts were also excellent . in particular , i enjoyed the jazz concerts and could see some famous jazz musicians i adore . 
however , i found some things which i think i should point out . some concert halls were not big enough to hold the audience . for next year , i think you should take this matter into consideration . and i think it would be much better if you had more plays and films . 
i will definitely go to the festival next year , too . to make it more enjoyable , i would be grateful if you could welcome my comments about it . 
best regards . 
a japanese folk story : " the bamboo princess the bamboo princess " 
there was an old married couple . they had no children . one day , the lady went to a river to wash their clothes and the man went to a mountain to cut trees . in a bamboo forest , he found a shining piece of bamboo . when he cut it , he found a beautiful baby girl in it . she was named the bamboo princess . 
the princess grew up to be beautiful . some princes proposed to her . but she said to them , " if you want me , you have to do this , " and asked them to do impossible things because she didn't want to get married . one day , the old couple saw the princess crying . when they asked her about this , she said , " i am from the moon and i will have to go back soon " . they really loved her and they asked a prince who loved the princess to protect her . but , one day , the princess went back to the moon with guards from the moon although the prince and his army tried hard to protect her . 
this story happened a long time ago . 
mrs . jane clark , 
i saw your advertisement about the international arts festival now . i think that's a great idea as we need some good activities . the advertisement writes states that you invite stars and artists from around the world . this is incredible but you wrote down artists from only six countries . i think you should invite people from ten countries because there are more and more stars and artists in the world . if you invite from more countries to stars and artists invite stars and artists from more countries , your festival will be unbelievable . the second point is there are some jazz , rock and classical concerts . it's a good idea but some concert halls are too small . because of this , people are bored quickly . you show plays and films . i congratulate you because that's perfect . the most important thing is dance shows 
as most people like dance shows , including me . that's real knowledge for us , art exhibitions and talks by writers . i think we will know a writer's life or how he is writing about it . it's a very significant thing . lastly , you said 'one reasonably priced weekend ticket for all events' . it's excellent . if you can pay attention to my small suggestion , next year i hope it will be an unbelievable festival . 
thanks ! 
yours sincerely ! 
dear edmond
i miss you very much and sorry i haven't written you any letters . i hope you forgive me . what are you doing nowadays ? how is your school ? my school opened yesterday . as you know i am a new student . it is very difficult because i don't know anybody . however , today i am getting used to my school , i have met two sweet girls . but this school has got a lot of rules and in our class we have been talking about rules , both at home and at school . it is very boring . for instance : you must not argue with your friend or you must not argue with workers . the most significant rule is you must not smoke in public places , or in the toilet . you continuously must study hard . i feel very bad because what you are allowed i am not allowed to do at home . do you understand me ? can i change my school ? please will you write me a letter quickly . 
love ! 
dear mrs or miss jane x , 
i am writing to thank you for the annual international arts festival which was organized on 21st-22nd november . i spent at this festival for two days spent two days at this festival . 
it was a great idea to organize such a festival . i am a teacher and i love music . most of the events which i saw were good . i enjoyed the dance shows , and the jazz and rock concerts . i visited art exhibitions . there were a lot of nice pictures , sculptures and other creative works . i was impressed by them . at the festival i could talk with writers . it was an excellent idea to have one reasonably-priced reasonably priced weekend ticket for all events . a lot of people could visit as many events as they wanted . 
i was very surprised when i learned that the stars and artists were from only six countries . it was too few for this festival . it was a pity that too small halls were used for the classical concerts the halls used for the classical concerts were too small . i like going to classical concerts but at this festival the sound of the music was terrible . 
i have some suggestions for next year's festival . firstly , it will be great if you invite more famous singers and bands . the second one is to include more musical films and plays . i would like to help you in your interesting work . i look forward to your answer . 
yours sincerely
traditional folk stories of the world
there are a lot of folk stories from around the world and there are a lot of folk stories in estonia . i would like to tell you one of them . this story is about a man and his three sons . this story happened a long time ago . the man was old and his sons were young . 
one day the man quarrelled with his sons and they left the house to try to find work . they were successful . and they lived far from their father for two years . they grew up and became wise . they decided to return to their father because he was old and he needed help . 
when the sons were old they began to talk about their life , beginning with this story , which happened a long time ago . 
dear jane clark , 
i'm writing to you to give my opinion of that great festival you organised last 21 and 22 of november . 
i want you to know what an extraordinary time i had with my friends at the festival . your work was brilliant because you brought stars and artists from around the world for only that reasonably -priced reasonably priced ticket we bought for the whole weekend . the festival was very well organised with a lot of alternatives like concerts and dance shows . in my opinion the hall for the rock concerts was too small , you have . you have to consider making booking a bigger one for next year because these kinds of events are attended by a lot of young people . in conclusion , i wanted to say thanks for such a special weekend . 
yours sincerely , 
dear miguel
thanks for your letter . i got it a couple of days ago and i've been thinking about what you said . i'm going to tell you what i feel . 
in my house rules practically don't exist because i am 18 years old now so my parents' only wish is that i study for a career university degree and be a good man . they only want to know where i am and when i go out and at what time i came home . at school it is completely different because the teachers don't forgive you anything . you have to be quiet and attentive in class if you don't want to be punished . i'm happy because my parents allow me to do a lot of things . i wouldn't like to change anything because we all need some discipline to do the right things . 
when i've time i will write to you again , 
love , 
dear miss clark , 
i went to your annual international arts festival . i really enjoyed it , although i feel it could have been better . but firstly , i want to congratulate you on organizing such a huge festival , people need this kind of event . secondly , i would like to make some remarks about your festival so that you can improve it . as it wrote said so in your advertisement , artists should have come from around the world but only six countries were represented . i was quite disappointed . however the concerts were great , but unfortunately , some concert halls were too small and it was as hot as a microwave an oven inside . 
the plays and films were good and i liked them , but there were only a few , i hope there will be many more next year . 
one of the most positive aspects of your festival is the price of your weekend ticket . as a student , the low priced ticket certainly attracted me a lot and gave me the opportunity to see and hear wonderful artists . 
finally , i would like to make one big suggestion: you should find a place for a campsite so that people who come a long way don't have to spend money on accommodation . anyway , i'm looking forward to coming to your festival next year . 
yours sincerely , 
money , money , money
young people always need money , especially students who don't earn their living . they need money to pay for their studies or for going out , but how to find a job which is good and not underpaid ? 
one of the best is working in a big supermarket . some can find it boring but it is well-paid and not too tiring . furthermore , department stores are always looking for students who would like to work . 
another solution could be working as a barman , the problem is that you go to bed very late , but it's very exciting because you meet a lot of people and enjoy your night . unfortunately , it's not possible unless you can rest in the morning . 
if you are a really good student in one subject , you can provide private lessons , which is one of the most prolific jobs , but do it only if you like teaching . otherwise you should try to find another job . 
the main thing to remember is that there are many possibilities but you have to try to find them and not just say: " i want to work and earn money " . 
dear jane clark , 
i would like to congratulate you on your wonderful " arts festival " . you had a really great idea to create this sort of festival . i had a lot of fun there . i would come next year with great pleasure . 
i hope you will not be angry if i give you some advice . first , i would like to talk about your section " stars and artists " . this section is really great and attracts a lot of people . from my point of view , it will better if you have some " stars and artists " from only six countries because the spectators will probably be more interested in your festival if they know the celebrities . 
i also would like to talk about your concerts . the concerts are fabulous but the problem is the halls . they are too small for all the people . could you do something about these problems ? 
all the sections of your festival were great but i think there were not a lot of " plays and films " . i love films and plays also , and i hope to have more films or plays next year . 
concerning the tickets , i think your price is reasonable for this festival . it is a good idea to have reasonably-priced tickets for weekends . 
i'm looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely , 
dear phil , 
i'm really happy to receive your letter and i hope you are fine . i'm fine but i have a lot of work to do for my school . my exams start next month , that's why i have a lot of work . 
in your letter , you wanted to know about my school rules in france and you also wanted to know what i am or i am not allowed to do at home . 
alright , i'm going to answer your questions . first , you are not allowed to smoke , drink or to take drugs in my school . you must be outside during the break . you must sign your notebook to your parents every week . you are not allowed to argue with your teacher after you receive an exam . you must be on time at school or you get a punishment . i have so many other rules but these are the most important . 
at home , i'm not allowed to watch television after 8 p . m . i must do my homework when i come back home . i must also help my parents with home activities , for example ; clean , clean my room and the other rooms , or cook , etc . . . . i hope this information will help you , 
keep in touch . 
love , 
dear mrs clark , 
with regard to your international arts festival advertisement , i would like to share with you the pleasure i had to be part of the event and make some suggestions for next year's festival that you might take into consideration . 
the international arts festival is a wonderful idea . i enjoyed most of the events and i found your prices excellent , considering that i am a student and that i do not have much money . 
in your advertisement you mentioned that there would be artists and stars coming from all around the world , unfortunately i found out only six countries were represented . i would like to suggest that more countries should be part of the festival if it is possible . it is a very good opportunity to listen to different kinds of music and to discover different cultures . 
hoping that i have not offended you in any way and that you might take into consideration my suggestions , i wish you all the best for next year's festival organisation . 
yours sincerely 
it's a story of a special person who was born in my country and who is now known worldwide . the night he came into this world was one of grater for the inhabitants of the country and also of the town where he was born , it was an ordinary night . the sky was so clear that the moon and the stars lit up all the land . only the ones who knew how to read stars could actually tell that a great king had been born . when the three men saw him , they fell on their knees to worship him . the mother was proud because she knew he was sent from above and he was going to be the one to set people free from their sins . this little man from israel died as the hero of all times . his message is still as impacting today and will always be , even if this story happened a long time ago . 
dear jane clark
hello ! 
my name is yuna kimber who attended this annual international arts festival . 
i'd like to say something that i felt during the festival , and give my opinions that would be helpful for you to prepare for the next festival . 
first of all , i appreciate congratulate you for organizing such an exciting festival . it was a great idea , and i enjoyed myself at this festival very much . 
by the way , according to the advertisement , lots of stars and artists from around the world were supposed to be invited for the festival , but i was able to meet them from only six countries . 
and another thing is that some concert halls were too small , so when i went there for jazz and rock concerts it was so crowded , and during the concerts people felt suffocated . 
i hope you'll get much bigger concert halls next year . 
on the other hand , the plays and films were excellent . 
i expect that much more varied kinds of plays and films will be on next year . 
finally , i'd like to mention the reasonably-priced weekend ticket . it was brillient , because if i had to pay for all things individually i wouldn't have attended it , because it was very expensive for me . thank you very much for that . 
i hope it will be helpful and useful for you . 
bye for now
faithfully yours
a long time ago , there were two brothers , whose parents were dead . their parents were rich , so when they passed away they left a lot of money . 
by the way , the elder brother , nolbu was a very greedy man . 
he didn't want to share the money with his brother , hungbu , so he took all of the money , and said to hungbu to go away from the house without anything . 
hungbu had nothing but his family of twelve . 
but , even if he was very poor , he was very good and had a lot of affection for the people who were much poorer than his family , so he looked after them . 
but , nolbu always made people annoyed , and enjoyed other people's misfortune . 
one cold day , hungbu saw a bird that had a broken wing , so the bird couldn't fly to the warmer country during the winter . he cured the bird with love , and the bird was able to fly . 
the following year , when the bird returned to his house , he gave him a message . it was a kind of map that showed the location of a lot of money which robbers hid . 
therefore , hungbu became much richer than nolbu , and he lived happily with the money helping the poor . 
people believe that the bird was sent from heaven . 
this story happened a long time ago . 
dear jane clark , 
i am writing to you to give you some opinions of mine about the international arts festival . 
it was a great idea and i had the pleasure of resting and relaxing , plus of acquiring some important knowledge from it . on the other hand there were some disadvantages: 1 . the stars and artists were from only six countries . 
2 . some concert halls were too small . so it was impossible to get tickets there . 
3 . i don't think that there were enough plays and films . 
to sum up i want to tell you about my suggestions for next year's festival . it would be wonderful to buy some books or programmes with the signatures of all the stars and artists taking part in the festival . also i think that the dance shows should include different styles of dancing ( e . g . the national dance of all the countries ) to impress the audience and not to bore with the similar scenes . 
i hope this letter will help you with organizing the festival . 
yours sincerely 
hello philip , 
i have just got your letter . it is a pleasure for me to keep in touch with such a friend as you are . thank you very much . 
in our school we have the following rules: 1 . every pupil has to sit alone . ( i mean that one desk is given to one person . ) 
2 . one should have such marks as , , 3 " , , , 4 " , , , 5 " , not , , 2 " , which is equal to fail . 
3 . another strict rule is not to be late for your lessons . otherwise you are not allowed to come in . 
these rules are strict and certainly we have an endless number of just-so-called rules . i don't think you will be interested in them . 
truly honestly speaking i am not sure about home rules . i think that in our family everything is based on mutual understanding . we don't have old-fashioned rules or anything like that . 
i'm afraid i must be going now because i want to send you this letter today . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you soon . 
love
16 december 2000
dear ms clark , 
i am writing to express my profound gratitude for the excellent organisation of the annual international arts festival , where i spent two days . the idea of such a festival is really magnificent and i enjoyed various art exhibitions , talks by writers and dance shows . 
however , the festival could be even better next year . actually , there were stars and artists from six countries and it would be wonderful if you could invite artists from some others places as well for next year's festival . also , i was fascinated by the plays and films and you could probably organize some more . unfortunately , i am afraid that some concert halls where jazz , rock and classical concerts were held were too small and perhaps you could arrange to use bigger ones . 
as a matter of fact , i consider one reasonably-priced weekend ticket for all events to be brilliant as it offers a unique opportunity to pay for everything all together and be able to attend different events . 
i believe your festival to be a great event in our cultural life and i am convinced that it is a success . i look forward to coming to the festival again . 
yours sincerely , 
wuthering heights - emily bront
to start with i would like to say that books offer us a wide range of different life stories , both realistic and unusual , they make us thoughtful and form our outlook , and they make us feel and think . 
as far as i am concerned , i enjoy reading all kinds of fiction as each masterpiece is unique in its own way regardless of what sort of book it is . stories that are realistic help us to understand better our own life and the people around us our own life and the people around us better . however , reading an unusual , sometimes fantastical story we could dream about fairy lands and observe our world from another point of view . i consider " wuthering heights " by emily bront to be one of the books that wash away from the soul the dust of our everyday routine . it is a remarkable piece of literature , which portrays deep feelings of love and hate , depicts strong and unique characters , and reveals eternal concerns with good and bad , life and death . this book is both realistic and unusual and in my opinion this is the core of its originality . it contributes to the world's treasure house of literature and arouses an irresistible fascination . 
in conclusion , i'd like to mention that we should value realistic and fantastical stories equally if we are eager to get to understand the world and ourselves . 
dear ms clark , 
i think the international arts festival is a great idea . i spent two nice days watching its events . i was there with my boyfriend . we have similar interests but we have different opinions . for me - the dance shows were absolutely wonderful . i like dancing and i like watching dance shows . the dancers wore nice clothes , and the music was very good . unfortunately there were no spanish dancers . i prefer them to others . maybe next year ? you should invite artists from more countries . we also listened to the concerts but in our opinion the concert halls were too small . during the jazz and rock concerts the audience wants to play and dance so they need more room . i like listening to classical music in the big halls , too . my boyfriend was excited about the art exhibitions and listening to the writers . he was happy because he was able to talk to them in person . we had no time to watch all the plays and films . we chose some of them and we were glad that we had our reasonably priced ticket for all the events because we could change our plans during the event . 
i suggest organizing the next iaf in the summer . 
we are both students so we have our holiday from july to september . we have more free time in the summer . we would attend the iaf any time , as well . 
thank you for an unusual event . 
yours sincerely
dear monte , 
i'd like to write about rules in poland . they're horrible . there are many things we aren't allowed to do at school . first of all - we have to be on time . our lessons start at 8 am and we aren't allowed to be late . we have to change our shoes . fortunately we don't have to wear school uniforms . we can wear what we want . most students wear jeans and a sweater . we have to be quiet during lessons and our lessons are boring because of it . our school bags are very heavy because we have to carry our books , notebooks , atlases and dictionaries all day . this is what i'd like to change . i'd like to leave my books at school . at home we have to do our homework . there's always much to do so we have no free time at all . our parents want us to be clever . when we get good marks at school they let us go out ( to the disco or cinema , but only on saturdays and we have to be back by ten ) . on sundays we have to go to bed early because on monday our school starts at 8 in the morning . we sometimes help in the house but it isn't necessary compulsory . we aren't allowed to smoke or drink any alcohol . 
we aren't allowed to argue with our parents and teachers . this is also horrible . we mustn't talk to them but must only listen to them . i'd like to change that . student life is hard but sometimes funny . 
love
dear jane clark
i went to your annual international art festival . most of the events i went to were good , but i feel that the festival could be even better next year . so , i am writing some of my opinions and suggestions to you am writing to you with some of my opinions and suggestions . i hope it might help with next year's festival . 
the idea of an " international art festival " was great . but i feel the word " international " was not really suitable ; because you only had six countries' stars and artists . i think you should invite more than ten countries . the other problem was choosing space . as , as the hall of the classical concert was too small and crowded . next year , you should calculate or examine how many people will come before you choose a hall , which i feel very good was plays and films . it can show more for next year's festival . the dance shows as well . and the offer of a " weekend ticket " was an excellent idea , because the price was cheaper than buying it separate separately and more convenience convenient . 
looking forward to next year's festival . 
yours sincerely , 
one day , a little girl called sara was walking over a bridge . suddenly , she heard a man man's voice calling her : " sara . . . sara . . look down to the river . " then sara looked into the river . she was very scared , because she saw a golden fish who was smiling at her and talking to her . after a few seconds , sara felt that the golden fish was lovely . she had never seen any fish that had that wonderful colour and could talk with her . because sara didn't have any brother brothers and sisters , and her mom and dad needed to work every day , she was very lonely . 
therefore , she came to the river every day and talked about everything with the golden fish . they were very close friends . after half a year , the golden fish suddenly disappears disappeared . sara was very sad . she sat and cries cried by the river . then somebody called her name : " sara . . . sara . . . look at me . . . i'm standing on your left-hand side . " sara remembered the golden fish . it suddenly becomes had suddenly become human , a little boy . after a few days they got married . they had a wonderful life together . 
this story happened a long time ago . 
dear jane clark , 
i am writing about the international arts festival , which i went to recently . i had a great time there because taking a place the kind of festival in my town is very unusual . i think that the international arts festival was absolutely fantastic and successful . i was also pleased with the weekend ticket because i tend to go out at the weekend due to my working on the weekdays so that i had time to go and did not have to worry about the ticket price . 
in spite of having a great time , there were some things i would like to give you my opinion about . firstly , there were a few stars and artists from only six countries although the advertisement mentions mentioned that stars and artists would come from around the world . secondly , some concerts took place in really small halls . i suggest that concerts should be held in bigger halls than this year's next year . then , there would be more people coming to the concerts . finally , food shops should be added to this festival next year because only plays and films were not attractive enough to get audiences . 
i would be grateful if you could consider my opinion . 
yours sincerely , 
dear karrie , 
hello . how are you doing ? i've also been thinking about rules at home with my friends . isn't it quite interesting to talk about rules ? at home i'm not allowed to talk on the phone more than ten minutes , which annoys me very much . i really want to change this . however , i can go out whenever i want , even at midnight . i'm also allowed to come home anytime so that i can chat with my friends for a long time instead of talking on the phone at home . 
there are a lot of rules at my school . firstly , we're allowed to drive a car to school , which is quite an unusual rule in a japanese school because students might crash a car on the way to school or home . i actually love this rule because i don't have to get up early if i have a car . secondly , boys are not allowed to have long hair . they have to cut their hair once a month . girls can't have make-up on at school at all . i want to at least put lip colour lipstick on . i wish i could change this rule . 
i'll be glad if you let me know about your rules at school and at home . i'm looking forward to hearing from you soon . 
best wishes . 
dear jane clark , 
i am writing in order to give my opinions about the annual international arts festival i have attended . 
first of all , i have to say that the idea of such a festival is great . it gives an opportunity to get acquainted with the cultural variety of the whole world . however , at this festival there were artists from only six countries , whereas the advertisement promised stars from around the world . 
despite that , all the jazz , rock and classical concerts were extremely enjoyable , although some concert halls were too small for all the guests of the festival . 
another disadvantage of the festival's programme was the lack of plays and films which are the best to display a modern country's culture , i think . i hope there will be more of them next year . 
i must also admit the organization of the festival was perfect . all the guests were offered a weekend ticket for all events . that was an excellent decision as all the events started at different times and there were plenty of them . in addition , it was reasonably-priced . 
in conclusion , i would like to say that in spite of the success of the festival some improvements still can be made . for example , next year's one could last not for two days only , but for a week . so it will be available for a greater number of people . 
the programme could also be improved by adding new categories such as folk songs . 
thank you for your kind attention . 
sincerely yours , 
everybody wants to earn a bit of money . especially young people who are always out of their small budget . fortunately , there are many ways to earn some money nowadays . 
of course , young people can work only in their spare time . it means that a job should be part-time . 
so , one opportunity is working as a baby-sitter . this job doesn't demand much ability , but a lot of patience though . in addition to baby-sitting , you may also give some lessons to small children such as ( tl ) teaching them to read or write or just basic rules and words of a foreign language , english , for example . 
another way to earn some money is to work as a waiter after classes . this job requires a lot of energy , however . but you can earn more . furthermore , it's possible to work abroad during a holiday . 
but if you don't like children and are not easy-going enough to work as a waiter you may choose the more peaceful job of a typist at home . there are a lot of people not willing to type essays and reports themselves or just not having a computer . so , you can help them and earn quite enough . 
to sum up , there is no problem without a solution and if you are an active and broad-minded person , you will surely find a way to earn money even in the arctic . 
dear mrs clark , 
i am writing to describe the fun that i had at the international arts festival last week . 
firstly , i want to say that this festival is really good and i hope it will happen every year . furthermore , the events were beautiful such as shows , exhibitions and concerts events , such as the shows , exhibitions and concerts , were beautiful . i liked all the different kinds of atmosphere . 
also , for all these attractions , the price was low and that is important for a big family . 
secondly , the plays and movies were marvellous . however , i was disappointed by the number of them . it would be great if there were more choice next year . i would like to give you a suggestion about the size of the concert rooms . considering the crowd , there should be more rooms . finally , i would be interested in meeting artists from everywhere in the world not only european artists . 
in conclusion , i had an unforgettable time . i would like to eat some different kind of food , if that is possible . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely
dear monique , 
thank you very much for your letter . i'm very happy to receive some news from you . i'm going to reply to your question . 
in fact , at school we haven't so many rules . so , we aren't allowed to smoke inside - or eat in the classroom . we have to wash the board when it's our turn . of course , we must respect the teacher and do what he says . 
what about the rules at home ? i can't remember , because now i'm 19 , so i can do what i want . i know that i had to ask my mum or dad about going out with my friend after school . they wanted me to do my homework before going out to play . also , i had to come back home on time . it was very important for my parents . i didn't want to change anything . i was happy . 
anyway , it was a great time when i was a child . that's all for now . 
see you soon , bye
dear jane clark
i am writing to tell you about the festival this time and i would like to suggest to you three things for the next festival . 
first of all , it is a great idea to have this kind of festival . i enjoyed it so much . but , there are three things which i would like to tell you . firstly , there were stars and artists from only six countries . i expected to see a variety of nationalities . secondly , i actually liked the jazz , rock and classical concerts very much . however , some concert halls were too small for the large number of people so we couldn't have a enough space . thirdly , i would like you to consider having more plays and films next year . it would be nicer . 
otherwise , the price was really reasonable for all the weekend events . i was satisfied with that . 
and if there was musical event , it would be great . i hope the next one will be better . and i would like to thank you for organising this festival . 
i look forward to the next festival very much . 
yours sincerely
dear lula
hello . how are you doing ? i hope you're well . it's nice to hear about your class . it's quite interesting . 
let me tell you some rules at school in my country . actually , we have quite strict rules . when i was a student , i wasn't allowed to wear any fashionable clothes . only it was like a formal clothes . and we couldn't wear any colourful clothes and socks . also our hairstyle was the same for everyone . it's really strict . 
at home , there is one thing i'd like to change . i'm not allowed to sleep at my friend's house . i really like chatting all night with my friends . but i can't do it . i'm persuading my mum , perhaps . the school rules in my country are more strict than in your country . 
anyway , if you want to know about something of our country , i'm glad to tell you more . 
i'm looking forward to getting your letter soon . 
thank you . take care of yourself . 
love , 
dear mrs clark , 
i am writing in response to your advertisement in today's newspaper . i recently spent two days at the international arts festival and i found it very entertaining . it was a really good idea to organize a festival containing such different shows . 
the idea that i preferred liked the most was the reasonably priced weekend ticket for all events because a lot of students and unemployed people could not afford to pay too much money . 
i went to see a classical concert and , although the music played was excellent , the concert hall was too small . furthermore , i had expected stars and artists from around the world , but they came from only six countries . 
a friend of mine went to see the play " hamlet " and the film " gladiators " . he told me how great they were and i was thinking that it would be good to have more plays and films next year . in addition to this , i was wondering if you could organize the same festival in the summer . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you in the near future . 
yours sincerely , 
two sisters , alex and daniela , were sitting in front of the fireplace thinking about what they could do . that year , the winter in france was very cold . it was near christmas and the two girls hadn't found a present for their mother . giving christmas presents was a tradition not to be forgotten and there were only four days left . alex suggested that it would be a good idea to go to the city to buy that present . daniela agreed but she knew that it was snowing and that it was dangerous to walk in this kind of weather . anyway , alex was too stubborn to give up and it was like talking to a brick wall: she didn't listen to her sister . 
after forty minutes , the weather became very bad . it was such a pain to walk in the snow . however , alex was not worried at all despite the fact that her sister was tired and cold . deep within herself , alex knew they were lost in the middle of nowhere , but she didn't want to admit it . 
unfortunately , daniela fainted . she was so cold that she couldn't move her legs . alex began to cry and to pray and when daniela was about to die an angel appeared . he asked alex if it was more important to take back a present at home take a present back home or to save her sister . the answer was obvious and the angel saved daniela . this story happened a long time ago . 
16th , dec . 2000
dear mr. clark , 
i'm writing this letter to complain and to suggest something about your " international arts festival " . i visited the festival for 2 days . i also read an advertisement in " the times " . i thought it would be interesting and exciting . when i visited the festival , of course , it was really good . 
i was impressed with the idea of the festival . i could enjoy different cultures and also i could expand my knowledge . moreover , the weekend ticket was fantastic because i spent two days at the festival - saturday and sunday . the ticket price was not too expensive for a student too . 
however , you said " stars and artists from around the world " in the advertisement . but there were only six countries' candidates . it was exaggerated . besides , some concert halls were too small . jazz and classical concert halls were especially small . it caused a long queue and i had to waste my time . except for these two things , it was quite good . 
i'd like to suggest this - concerning plays and films . plays and films were good , there weren't enough . in addition , most of the people in the festival liked that . in my opinion , you have to run more plays and films in next year's festival . 
i'm looking forward to hearing your answer . 
yours sincerely , 
i'd like to tell you about my experiences . before that , you have to think about why you need to earn money and how you do that . it is really important because making money needs a proper purpose . 
firstly , i did newspaper delivery . i could make a bit of money , of course , it was far more than pocket money . nevertheless , i lost my concentration on my studies and i spent the money on entertainment . i earned easily and i couldn't control myself at that time . i was only 12 years old . 
secondly , i made a brochure for a company when i was in high school . i was studying computers at that time . also i was leader of the computer-user circle in the school so i needed some money for managing the circle . for this reason , i took this kind of part-time job in the company . despite the fact that it was a part-time job , i worked very hard because i liked computer work . i could earn money , and i also got a career . 
finally , i worked for a factory during the last winter holiday . it was also hard , but i think that was an easy way to make money . i forgot many skills and knowledge during the time . so the loss was bigger than the profit . 
in conclusion , if you want to earn a bit of money , then you have to choose a proper part-time job . because you will get some money as well as some career and knowledge . you must consider the purpose too . if you haven't a purpose , you will waste money easily and quickly . 
dear mrs clark , 
i am writing with reference to the international arts festival which i have recently been to and i would like to give you my opinions about it . 
according to the title of the advertisement , which was a great idea , there would be stars and artists from around the world but they were only from six countries . 
in addition to this , some concert halls were too small to host all the people who were there for the occasion and , personally speaking , i think the show could be done in the open air next year , so that the music would also create a fantastic atmosphere all around . 
the plays and films were a great success and i would like to ask if there will be more next year because in my opinion people would appreciate it . 
the other events i went to , dance shows , art exhibitions and talks by writers , were well-organised and extremely interesting . 
furthermore the weekend ticket was reasonably-priced and this was an excellent decision because it gave the opportunity to a lot of people , adults but also students , to take part in the festival . 
yours sincerely , 
dear george , 
i'm writing to answer your question about the rules in my life , at school and at home . 
as you may know , i attend a liceo , which is the most difficult kind of high school in italy . 
our teachers are very strict , we have to stand up as they come into class and wait until they say do sit down ! " . we can't talk during lessons and we only have a ten minute ten-minute break at 10 . 30 a . m . if we're late , we have to go to the principal and ask for his signature to go to class . 
it's hard to be extremely quiet for five hours but i reckon it's a good method of education . 
on the other hand , i feel free at home . i help doing the cleaning or the washing , but i do it because i want to , not because my parents make me do it . 
i can go out and stay out late , i've got my car and my mobile , so that they can call me whenever they need to speak to me; but above all i know they trust me and consider me an adult . 
therefore i wouldn't change anything in my home life or in my school life . 
i'm looking forward to hearing from you . 
best wishes , 
dear ms clark :
i am writing to give suggestions regarding the international art festival , which i went to one week ago . it was really good , but i feel it could be better next year . 
firstly , i want to say it is a great idea to have this international arts festival . it is very interesting , especially for young people . i went to this festival with four friends and all of us enjoyed our time there very much . it was said that stars and artists from around the world would be there in the advertisement , but in fact they were from only six different countries , so i hope there will be artists from more countries next year . although the jazz , rock and classical music was great , some concerts and halls were too small . could you consider making them bigger next year ? 
the plays and films were really wonderful . people liked them very much , so could you have more next year ? 
the last thing is about the ticket . it was excellent to have one reasonably priced weekend ticket for all events , because it is convenient and normally young people do not have a lot of money , so i hope next year the ticket will also be like this . 
i hope that you can consider my suggestions . i really look forward to going to the festival next year . 
yours sincerely:
dear jacob:
i'm very glad to hear from you . i hope everything is ok . i'm really sorry i didn't write back to you immediately , because i was preparing my exam at that moment , so can you forgive me ? we should keep in touch with each other , because you know i'm very happy to have a friend like you . 
in your last letter you asked me something about our rules , both at home and at school in my country . i'd like to tell you that , in school , we have lots of rules , especially in class and some of them are quite strange . for example , we can't go to the toilet during lessons . we have to go there in the break . and we can't eat food or do any sports in our classroom . if you fail three subjects in your exam , you will be kicked out of school . it's too strict . i don't like it . if i could , i would like to change this , because i don't think everyone can succeed at once . we should give them a second chance to succeed . 
anyway , in my country , generally , children are free at home , but it also depends on their parents . for me , i don't have rules at home - i just don't make trouble for my family . that's all . 
ok , just here . i look forward to hearing from you soon . all the best and good luck . 
yours:
dear jane clark , 
the purpose of this letter is to congratulate you on the international arts festival i attended last weekend . 
i believe that the event was good . however , i feel that the festival could be improved next year . 
firstly , i would like to tell you that the idea of organizing an international arts festival is fantastic , but in your advertisement it said that i would find stars and artists from around the world , when , in fact , they were from only six countries . i do understand that it must be difficult to get these people to come to the festival , but it would be nice if next year we could meet some other personalities . 
secondly , i believe you should know that a lot of people , including me , were not able to enjoy the concerts because some concert halls were too small . 
i would be very grateful if you could tell me if there will be more plays and films next year . 
last but not least , i would like you to know that i think the idea of the weekend ticket for all events was excellent because in the end it was cheaper than paying for each event separately . 
i hope you find my opinions useful . 
once again , congratulations on the festival . 
i hope to hear from you soon , 
yours sincerely , 
tips for earning money
when the holidays begin everybody is happy because it represents the beginning of a time full of fun and lots of interesting things to do , but in order to do these things we all need money and that is a big problem for most of us . 
there are several ways to earn a bit of money in your spare time . one of the most common examples is babysitting . taking care of little children is easy and it doesn't require special skills : all you need is a lot of patience . 
if looking after children doesn't suit you , you can try the same thing with pets . lots of people would pay you to take their dog for a walk . so if you like animals this is your chance to earn some money and have fun at the same time . 
another option is to wash your neighbour's car . in this case you need to buy the materials you will work with , but don't worry , soap is not very expensive . 
the most important thing is that you choose the most suitable work for you wisely , according to the things you like to do . 
if you don't find anything good enough for you don't worry , you should always remember: it's not all about the money ! 
dear jane c
i spent two days at the international arts festival recently recently spent two days at the international arts festival and i am writing in order to give my opinions about it . 
when i found out there was going to be an international festival , i got really excited because i would finally have the opportunity to meet stars and artists from around the world , but i felt rather disappointed when i found out that was not at all true . besides this , i think that some of the concert halls were too small so that i felt very uncomfortable . however , the one reasonably priced weekend ticket for all the events was marvellous because i was able to attend as many concerts as i wished without spending much money . 
although that festival was not well organized , i would like you to repeat it next year . i wish you could show more plays and films , and there should be more varied art exhibitions . but i would really appreciate it if you took into consideration the problem with the lack of space in the concert halls . 
i hope you consider these suggestions . 
yours sincerely
it is really nice to hear from you and i think we will learn so many interesting facts from each other . 
personally , i cannot imagine human life without rules , especially those that have to do with respecting other people . moreover , i am in favour of rules at school because it is very important for children to learn how to cooperate with others . 
as far as i can remember , i had to respect a lot of rules but the most important ones were concerning wearing suitable clothes , arriving on time and getting on with every teacher and authority figure . as a consequence , most schoolmates used to complain about those rules but all of us tried to put up with them . 
at home it is the other way round . fortunately , rules are made by every member of the family so that no one complains about them . i must admit that i am able to do whatever i want , such as invite friends over , watch tv until midnight and so on . in fact , the only strong rule is to help out with the housekeeping household chores and meals . that is all ! 
i hope you enjoy my experiences . 
best wishes
dear jane clark , 
i am writing about the international arts festival which has just finished . 
i congratulate you because it was a great idea and the town needed a cultural event . i especially appreciated the weekend tickets which almost everybody could afford , even students like me . 
however , i think that some concert halls were too small for the musical performances . you probably did not expect such a big audience ! being very fond of films , i would have appreciated seeing more of them . for next year's festival , you could possibly add some foreign films , like chinese ones , which i like most . 
finally , in order to make it a really international festival , i think you should invite artists from all over the world , not just from six countries like this year . 
i hope that you will appreciate my opinions and suggestions , which i have shared with my friends . 
yours sincerely , 
simply a good idea and that's enough
are you young and full of life but don't have enough money to enjoy your spare time ? simply let your brain work and you could come up with wonderful ideas to earn money enjoying yourself . 
are you fed up with looking after the screaming baby of your mother's friend ? you could move from children to pets and become a dog-sitter , spending your afternoons walking round the park and chatting with a friend . 
are you keen on music and love going to discos ? with a short training you'll be able to mix songs at parties . you won't dance but the earnings are guaranteed ! 
do you like do-it-yourself and is your house full of marvellous but useless things ? you could sell them to a specialised shop and finally tidy up your room ! 
so , what are you waiting for ? work out your own idea and put it into practice : money won't be a problem for you anymore ! 
16 . 12 . 00
dear clark , 
i am writing in response to the international arts festival , which took place on 21-22 november . i would like to inform you that it was a great idea and a valuable activity as a social event . 
however , it was a disappointment when i realised that not many countries were attending the event . i would have liked to have seen more countries from all around the world , for instance , the far east , indonesia etc . 
it wasn't difficult to find the right hall for the shows , i would say it was very well organised . 
but one thing i have to mention is that some of the concert halls were too small and they weren't comfortable either , and this spoiled the great atmosphere . 
on the other hand , i enjoyed being one of the people seeing the plays films , the dance shows which were brilliantly performed and the art exhibitions . listening to talks by famous writers was an opportunity which i couldn't miss . 
i would like to ask if you could extend the plays and films next year ? i have to add that the weekend ticket was an ideal a great idea to sell all the events . 
finally , i appreciate your organisation and look forward to hearing about the next international arts festival . 
16 . 12 . 00
dear nico , 
it's really nice to hear from you and thank you very much for the letter and photos . it's it was a good idea to send them to me , because i have to confess that i have lost my camera and also the films . what a pity ! 
by the way , how is your new school ? do you like it more than the previous one ? 
i must say that our school rules are quite different to yours . first of all we have to stand up when we speak to the teacher and have to pay full attention to the lessons . if you miss a lesson , that could cause a problem for you . i think it depends on the school . private schools have a more relaxed atmosphere than the state schools . they don't have strict rules and students can take extra lessons . 
on the other hand , in the state schools as i said , we are more respectful to the teacher and bad behaviour is punished . for example , you have to do more homework or they send you home etc . of course smoking isn't allowed in any part of the school . 
i have a relaxed family and we share all the housework . my father does the cooking , my mother does the cleaning and i tidy up ! but in many families , women do more than men . i can't accept that , because you have to share all the duties and spend more time together . 
anyway , i think that's it for now . 
i hope to hear from you soon . 
lots of love 
rome 16th december 2000
dear jane x , 
i'm an italian boy who went to the international arts festival last november and i enjoyed most of the events i went to , but because i think that the festival could be better next year i am writing to you in order to let you hear some observations of mine about the festival . 
the festival on its own is a great idea because there aren't many of these events dealing with art but i think that instead of inviting stars and artists from only six counties they could be invited really from all over the world . 
furthermore , and certainly it is not your fault , some of the halls for the concerts were too small and that prevented me from enjoying some of the concerts because of the noise but also prevented many people from entering the hall , which was often too crowded . 
i hope next year there will be more play and films and that the ticket will be reasonably priced as this year in way that people not really interested in arts could come and enjoy the festival . 
friendly 
rome 16th december 2000
dear marie , 
i'm going to write about rules in my country and i have to tell you that life in school isn't too hard because even if there are a lot of rules to follow nobody does . 
it's written in the regulations that we can't leave the school during the breaks; we can't smoke near the classrooms; we have to justify our absences or lateness and even if you're over eighteen your parents have to justify you with the teacher . 
at my home every rule must be respected . 
even if my parents don't look after me for all the matters like going out at night or studying you shouldn't think that living in my house is like living in heaven because i can't play the guitar or listen to music at a loud volume or invite my friends over for a saturday night party . 
these are the things that i'd like to change ; i'd like to do what i really want to do but i don't know if i'm really ready for this ! ! 
with love
dear ms clark , 
i am very glad to write to you . i spent two days at the international arts festival you organised . i enjoyed most of the events i went to , but i feel that the festival could be even better next year . here are some opinions and suggestions:
although your advertisement said there would be stars and artists from around the world , i was able to see artists from only six countries . additionally , some concert halls were too small to relax in , though most of them were very comfortable . 
it was a pity for me that there were fewer plays and films than i had expected . i suggest that you should organise more next year . 
on the other hand , there was a lot that impressed me very much . for example , there was one reasonably priced weekend ticket for all events . it is a very good way to increase the number of music-lovers . 
last but not least , i would like to thank you for devoting yourself to making this festival wonderful every year . i enjoyed it very much . 
sincerely yours , 
long long ago , there lived in the province of bizen in japan an old woman and an old man . they were eager to have a child , but they had never been able to . 
one day , the woman went to the riverside , and found a peach floating in the river . she took it to her house , cutting it in two , with her husband . to their surprise , there was a boy in the peach ! they named him momotaro , and looked after him . 
the boy had grown and had become very strong when he heard that there were lots of devils on onigashima island who robbed many people in bizen of a lot of money and a lot of treasure . he made up his mind to defeat them , and asked his stepmother for some kibidango , one of traditional snacks in japan . having eaten the kibidango , he departed for onigashima with three friends of his : a dog , a monkey and a bird . 
reaching the island , he and his friends fought bravely against the devils . they finally succeeded in defeating the devils , and took back all the money and treasure . after that , they went home . 
all the people in bizen including his stepparents received momotaro and his friends with great joy . 
this story happened a long time ago . 
dear jane clark
hello , i spent two days at your annual international arts festival . i was very impressed and i wish you could make the festival better next year . 
i think the international arts festival is a great idea , because you can see how other countries' art is , but i think in this festival , there were too many countries' people . you should pick only six countries , so it won't be very busy and another reason is that the concert hall is too small so that the people couldn't even dance at classical concerts . 
this years' 'plays and films' was too short . i was very disappointed about this , but the other shows were great . i felt very good about all these shows . 
in my opinion , the tickets for all events is a wonderful idea , because everybody has a chance to see everything and the people would think this is a great festival . 
what do you think about picking five people and giving them tickets for 'art travel' ? i think this is a good idea . generally it was very good and i hope more people will come next year . 
yours faithfully , 
dear tim , i'm glad to have your letter back so soon . do you want to know about our country's rules ? i think your country and our country's rules are the same . first , in school , we are not allowed to run . this is very important , because many accidents happen because of running . when we need to go upstairs , you have to keep left and when you have to go downstairs , you need to keep left as well . you have to do your homework and do your best at what you're asked to do . you can't go to the toilet during the class , because you are interrupting the other students' study and there are more . . like when the class starts you have to keep quiet and you can't say anything while the teacher speaks . second , at home we all have different rules . some families have rules that you have to put spoons and dishes everyday . i think the main rule is when you can play computer games , because they love computer games . tell me about english rules . i'm curious about it . best wishes from 
dear sir , 
first of all i would like to say that organising an international arts festival was a great idea . i enjoyed it and found it worth visiting . 
the annual international arts festival , which was held on the 21st and 22nd of november , was colourful with stars and artists coming from around the world . although this was true , they were from only six countries . you could have let us get acquainted with more cultures by inviting guests from some other countries too . 
the concert halls were not big enough to let all the guests in . so i could hardly participate in attend all of the concerts . 
the organisation was very good . i found chances to see dance shows , art exhibitions and to listen to writers , but there could be more plays and films next year . 
it was really a reasonably priced weekend for me , but you should also introduce new activities like competitions in singing songs or drawing a portrait next year . then it would be excellent . 
thanks for everything . 
yours faithfully , 
dear ana , 
i have received your letter . it is nice to hear from you again . i'm in a hurry , so i will come directly to the point . 
everywhere and at every time in our lives we are faced with rules . some view them as a source of protection of their rights and others as a limitation of them . for me they are both . 
at school we have certain rules like being in the class , sitting in your place before the lecture starts , bringing in your equipment with you , keeping quiet during the lessons and raising your hand when you want to talk . i think these are international rules which help things to progress in order . 
on the other hand there are other rules which annoy us like the ones about clothing . you should wear the same things every time , no changes and alternations are allowed . it makes us like robots and we feel bad psychologically , because we want to be different and free in what we wear . also the attendance rules put a strain on us . if we don't come to school for 10 days , then we can't pass the course . they don't care if we have problems , exams to study for or if we are ill . 
at home we again have rules , but more flexible ones . you should be punctual when coming to the dining table , respectful , do your homeworks homework and watch tv less and not too loud . 
i would like to change the attendance and clothing rules in school , but i don't have enough power . they are against democracy i think . 
anyway hope to hear from you soon . 
with all my love , 
dear jane clark , 
i am writing to thank you for arranging the international arts festival . it was an absolutely great idea . 
however , i would like to give some suggestions for next year as i have read the advertisement . 
firstly , could you invite stars and artists from more than only six countries ? in my opinion , it might be better to have time with a variety of nationalities . secondly , the music concerts were very exciting and i had a lot of fun , but some concert halls were too small to enjoy them comfortably . 
thirdly , i am expecting to watch more films and plays , which were impressive . 
lastly , it could be nice for students who are interested in the arts , if you offer special events , for instance , a song contest , writing competition or dance lessons . 
to sum up , i hope the festival is organised next year with excellent reasonably-priced tickets like this year's . 
yours sincerely , 
part time jobs : find your place
do you need money ? if you do , make sure why you want to earn money . that is very important to find a way of earning and saving money . 
probably the best way you can get money is to have a part-time job in your spare time . i am recommending you check your possible time to work - weekdays or weekend ? - before you apply for a job . 
if you just decide to work , you'd better find a job near your place . firstly , go to your school or local council . they will be able to help to find safe and suitable jobs for students like you . secondly , ask your family or friends . as they know about your interests and personality , it is easy to help you . in my case , i could get a telephone researcher part by my friend's reference . 
in conclusion , don't forget that a job is just done in your " spare " time . that's it ! 
dear mrs . jane x , 
i would like to make some appointments comments about the event that i went to . 
first of all , the concert hall is too small to have a great concert . i think it should be bigger for jazz , rock or even classical concerts . 
secondly , i had some ideas for the next year's events , such as the following :
- funny plays and films to spend the break ;
- dance shows after dinner to provide something interesting to do in the night ; 
- art exhibitions to teach us more things about the artist's lifestyle; and
- talks by writers to say how good his latest book is . 
in addition , the tickets' price tickets are too expensive and it is difficult to buy a new one every day . so , i think it would be more effective if there was one reasonably-priced weekend ticket for all events . 
in conclusion , i believe it will be better next year if these points were are observed for the each year the event to be better than before . 
sincerely
how are you ? it was nice to get some news about you . 
i remember this time in our class when we were talking for a long time about rules and i am missing that time so much . 
well , about rules in my country , the situation is not different from other countries . the rules must be respected by all people if you don't want to get to be kicked out of school . you must be organised , clean and respect the rights of other people . 
dear jean clark , 
i recently spent two days at your annual international arts festival and i am writing to express my opinion about it . 
firstly , i think the international arts festival is a wonderful idea because i have the opportunity to enjoy different arts events . but it is also true i could just see stars and artists on stage from only six countries , not stars from around the world as you announced said in your advertisement . 
secondly , i really enjoyed the jazz and classical concerts in spite of the fact that some of them took place in too small concert halls . thirdly , all the plays and films shown were interesting . in my opinion you should include some more films and plays in your festival next year . finally , i think it was a good idea buying only one ticket for all the events since i spent the time watching and enjoying all of them . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely
dear george , 
sorry it's been too long since i last wrote but i've been so busy at school that i couldn't answer you before . 
as you told me in your last letter , you were talking about rules in your class and you wanted to know about school rules in my country and also what i am allowed to do at home . first , i must tell you that the teachers are strict at school . we aren't allowed to eat in the classrooms and in addition to this we must sit down at individual desks . we can't chat with our classmates . how boring ! at home everything is quite good , because mum and dad are great but there's one main rule : i must tell them where i am going and what time i'll come back . granny is the problem because she's a bit bossy ! she usually tells me what to do and what kinds of clothes i should wear but i don't take any notice of her . 
i really must get down to some homework now so i'll stop here . give my love to your parents . 
write to me soon
dear mr. jane clark , 
i am writing to give my opinion about the international arts festival which was held on 21st and 22nd november . 
i went to the rock concert by u2 and to see the chinese film " chung king express " . both of them were not only really enjoyable , but also reasonably priced . however , i feel that it would be even better if there were some improvement . 
first of all , it would be better if there were more famous people of various nationalities , because most of them were from english-speaking countries this year . in addition , larger halls should be provided for concerts since a lot of people could not get tickets for those by big stars . moreover , personally , i hope that the number of plays and films will increase . i think they are the nearest 'arts' in real life . 
i would be glad if you considered my suggestions . 
yours sincerely , 
money - hasn't it always been one of the most important problems for students ? of course , you can't afford a luxury car and a large apartment unless you're born with a silver spoon you're born with a silver spoon in your mouth . however , there are some good ways for you to earn enough money to enjoy yourself . 
how about working as a waiter or waitress ? not only is it a simple job , but also you can enjoy working with a lot of colleagues your age . it would be great fun to make friends outside your class or club . 
if you say that the wage is far from satisfactory , why don't you teach younger students as a private teacher . it's also a really popular job among university students because of the good salary . if you are interested in teaching and responsible enough , you'll probably become an excellent teacher . 
stop complaining about a lack of money and let's start working to have a new world . you'll find that your life is becoming more and more enjoyable ! 
25th november 2000
dear mr clark , 
i saw your advertisement in " the sun " newspaper on 10th november , and i went to the festival last friday . most of the events were wonderful and well organised . i enjoyed it , but i think it could be even better next year , so i would like to give my inmature view of it . 
firstly , the idea of holding this international arts festival is great . it allowed people to enjoy their weekend , relax , and also it brought a foreign culture to them , enlarging broadening their knowledge . in addition to this , one weekend ticket for all the events was only 10 . this was excellent . it meant people only spent pocket-money , and then they could watch all the events at the weekend . for them it is a really economical way to spend their weekend . so my friends told me that this was their cheapest weekend . 
moreover , the stars and artists were from only six countries . in my opinion , if you can invite more stars and artists from more countries , it will make the festival more exciting , more interesting , and in my opinion , some of the concert halls were too small . the people in there couldn't even go to the loo , because it was too crowded . finally , the plays and films were wonderfully welcomed , as far as i'm concerned . if you can have more plays and films , it will have a good effect . 
these are only my immature views . if it is considerable for you , i will be very pleased . thank you very much . 
i'm looking forward to receiving your reply . 
yours sincerely , 
16 , dec . 2000
dear yasmin , 
i was really pleased to receive your letter yesterday . you asked me about rules , both in my home and at my school . i am very happy to tell you about this . 
at my school , we aren't allowed to smoke inside the building , because the building is made of wood . it tends to catch fire easily , and we aren't allowed to use the internet . there are only ten computers in the school . only teachers can use them . if we used them , we would be sent to the head office of the school . 
at my home , there are many rules , because i'm careless , so i am not allowed to smoke at home either : and i'm not allowed to use the telephone , because last year i ran up a 1000 bill for one month . my parents were very angry with me , so they told me i am not to use the telephone any more . oh , how poor ! 
what is the weather like in england . i hope it isn't too wet . please give my regards to your parents . 
lots of love , 
dear ms clark , 
recently i visited an arts festival organized with your help . i enjoyed it very much and i think the idea of it is great . however , i have some proposals for its improvement next year . 
first , i suggest you invite stars and artists not from all over the world , but from only six countries . this change will give the opportunity to create some different performance . 
the my second my second proposition is about the classical concerts . i think that some concert halls are too small , so you should be sure about in advance . 
this year i noticed that there were only a few plays and films . from my point of view , there should be more films because this part of the festival is interesting for people . 
and , finally , i should congratulate you on the decision to make to have one weekend ticket for all events . i support this idea which is convenient both for the public and the organisers . 
i hope you will consider my proposals . 
i am looking forward to the festival next year . 
yours sincerely , 
dear ana , 
thanks for your letter and postcard . it was really nice . the things you wrote about in your letter are quite familiar for me , because we , at the moment , have some problems with our rules . 
first , about school . 
i'm really fed up with our school uniform ! it is awful ! and the problem is that nobody wants to wear it . that's why our headmaster is really angry . of course , if we had a pretty uniform like yours , we would wear it with pleasure . but it's impossible at the moment . 
what should i say to you about home . . . 
we are quite a friendly family , that's why we actually don't have any special rules . however , we promised our parents to do some cleaning every week . 
this is all i wanted to write to you about rules . 
i miss you very much . 
i'm looking forward to seeing you next summer after my exams . 
write to me what you think about it . 
kisses to your family , 
dear jane clark
with regard to the annual international arts festival which took place on 21 and 22nd november 2000 , i spent a tremendous two days enjoying some features . then , i discovered some points and i am writing to give my suggestions and recommendations . 
firstly , the title 'international arts festival' is very suitable for the festival , because there was some variety of features there . next , one reasonably-priced weekend ticket for all events is also a fantastic idea , because everyone could enjoy everything with that ticket . 
however , according to my notes , there are some doubts about the festival . while you stated that there were stars and artists from around the world , they were in fact only from six countries . the number of plays and films was also very small . in addition to that some concert halls were too small for the audience to enjoy the concerts . 
on balance , i feel that this annual festival can be even better next year . therefore , i strongly recommend that you should collect artists and stars from more than six countries and build larger concert halls . i also suggest that more plays and films should take place . i would be happy to support you providing that you want to make the festival more successful . 
yours sincerely 
dear albert
thanks for your letter . it was great to hear from you . i know you're well , but i've been very busy studying because i have to take an exam next month . so this is a quick note to tell you what you want to know , as you asked about school rules and house ones . 
at school , the most horrible one is about the school uniform . i really hate it , because we're not allowed to wear casual and fashionable clothes , colourful shoes or colourful socks . also we can't change our hair colour and have to keep our hair length above our eye brows eyebrows . next , we're not allowed to get driver's licences which are for a motorbike and car as long as we're students . we're also not allowed to get part-time jobs . if possible , i want to change all of them . 
however , at home i'm quite free . i just can't go out after 9 o'clock at night and i'm not allowed to play computer games for over two hours . these rules are not so strict that i can't stand them . i don't think i want to change them . 
anyway , that's all about me the information the information about me which you want . 
write soon . i look forward to hearing from you . 
love
dear miss , 
i am writing to suggest some ideas for the international arts festival next year . i have just been there and thought of some improvements which could make the festival better . 
first of all , the festival was a great idea . there were a number of stars and artists from around the world , but only from six countries . secondly , they held some concerts , but some of the concert halls were so small that there was not enough space for all the people . thirdly , it was nice to see several plays and films . we would be pleased if you could have more . fourthly , everyone seems to have enjoyed seeing the dance shows and the art exhibitions and listening to the talks . lastly , the weekend ticket was excellent because it was quite reasonable . however , a ticket for each event is expensive . i suggest you have a one-day ticket or a reasonably priced ticket for every event . 
that is everything i have thought of concerning the festival . i would be grateful if you could think about it . 
yours sincerely
dear sharyl , 
thank you for your letter . i really enjoyed reading it . i'm very happy to know you're pretty well . 
speaking of rules , most of them are annoying ! there're plenty of rules in my high school . for example , girls must keep the length of their skirts 5 cm below their knees . that's so stupid ! it doesn't interfere with studying , does it ? and also we're not allowed to bring any sweets . i know some rules are necessary to control the students . the school uniform is a good example . and the advantage of this is i don't need to think about what to put on every morning ! 
in my house , i'm allowed to do anything unless it bothers somebody . but there's one thing i can't stand . i'm not allowed to go out late at night . i want to go dancing sometimes . you're allowed to do that , aren't you ? that's wonderful ! i'm really jealous of you ! 
take care . i'll write to you soon ! 
love , 
dear ms clark , 
i spent two days at the last annual international arts festival and i would like to congratulate you on the organization . i am also writing to make a suggestion and to give you my opinion about next year's festival . 
an international arts festival is a great idea , but at the last die there were stars and artists from only six countries , and it could be more interesting to have the opportunity to meet artists and stars from more than six cultures . 
in my opinion some concert halls were too small . i could not listen to one of my favourite classical concerts , " la moldava " by smetana . most of the plays and films were brilliant but i think that if there is enough money , it would be better to have the opportunity to watch more movies . 
i am glad to tell you that one reasonably priced weekend ticket for all events is an excellent idea because people who do not have a lot of money can enjoy the festival . 
i would like to make a suggestion . i think that meeting writers , dancers , musicians and artists should be very interesting for anybody . 
yours sincerely
dear george , 
thank you very much for your recent letter . i'm very happy that you are well . when i read your letter i was surprised because i didn't know that you had so many rules both at school and at home . 
in italy there aren't a lot of rules at school and they aren't very strict . nobody should be late in the morning because it is important to respect your class mates classmates classmates' and teachers' effort to get up early . nobody is allowed to speak to a friend during the lesson . i can't have my mobile on and drinking and eating in the classroom is bad behaviour manners . there isn't any kind of punishment for people who do these things . 
my parents are very good . the most important thing for my parents is that i don't tell them lies . it's important for them that i tell them where i'm going if i go out and what time i think i'll be coming back home . i can do what i like doing but i have to study . this is the only condition regarding doing what i want . 
there isn't anything that i'd like to change . 
write soon
love
dear ms clark , 
i saw the advertisement for the international arts festival which is a great idea . 
i'm writing to you because i want to give you my opinion and some suggestions for next year's festival . i saw in the advertisement there would be stars and artists from around the world but this year there were only six countries represented . it would be better if there were more than six countries . 
i noticed that some concert halls were too small . i wonder if you could organise outdoor concerts . 
furthermore , i think there were too few plays and films . don't you think you could provide drama courses ? visitors could learn plays with professionals . 
finally , the idea of a reasonably-priced weekend ticket for all events is excellent because we pay only once and we can see all the events . 
i'm looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely , 
dear george , 
thank you for your letter which i've just received . 
you ask me to tell you about school rules and what we are allowed to do at home in france . i don't think the rules are so different between england and france but i'm going to try to give you examples . 
firstly , at school , if we missed a class , we must bring a doctor's note . 
furthermore , when we fail an exam in june , we can take it in september . and if we are interested , we can spend six months abroad but we must pass the fce . 
at home , we must wash our hands before lunch . and we mustn't speak during lunch . i think it's not a good thing because we can't discuss with our family . there are so many rules but it would take too long if i had to explain all of them . 
i 'm looking forward to hearing from you . 
best regards , 
16 . 12 . 2000
dear jane clark , 
i went to the " international arts festival " on 21-22 november . the festival was generally good but i have some suggestions for next year's festival . 
firstly i want to congratulate you on the festival . it was a great idea . however there were things that i didn't like . you said that stars and artists would come from around the world but there were only stars from six major countries . i suggest you increase this number for next year . in this way we can meet other stars and artists , see different cultures . another thing that i want to point out is , the concert halls are too small . some people couldn't get into the hall and they missed the concerts . there were some plays and films . they were excellent so can you show more plays next year ? the last thing that i will say is " one reasonably-priced weekend ticket " was a very good idea . i hope you will do the same thing next year . 
these are my suggestions . i hope you will listen to my suggestions . this will make the festival better . i hope we will meet next year at the festival . 
yours sincerely 
16 . 12 . 2000
dear emily , 
i was glad to see your letter . i'm fine thanks and my parents are also well . how are you and your parents ? i hope they are both well . 
i have a surprise for you . i will come am coming to england this summer . maybe we can meet there . . . you asked some questions about the rules in school and homes . let me answer these questions . in schools we aren't allowed to speak in class . also we must go to school in our uniforms . however we are allowed to eat and drink during the breaks . we must be kind to our friends and teachers all the time . we mustn't forget the books for the classes . these are the rules in school . in our home there are some rules too ! i must be at home until by 11pm . i am not allowed to listen to loud music at home . i must be kind to my brother and my parents . when guests come to our home , i must be clean . other things are allowed to me . i want to change the school uniform rule so everybody can wear what they want . the other rules are o . k . i want to hear some rules from you . next time write the letter quickly ! i don't want to wait another 2 months . 
i'm waiting for your next letter . take care and be careful not to break any rules . 
your friend
dear miss clark , 
i have recently taken part in your international arts festival . i enjoyed it and here are some feelings and advice for next year . 
first of all , it was a great idea to put together different countries to organise this festival . however , there were only artists from six countries , not as written in your ad advertisement . 
i had the pleasure of listening to your variety of concerts . each one was fantastic and fill in with euration , but i'd appreciate more space , because unfortunately some concert halls were too small ! 
you certainly saw that the plays and films had a lot of success . so , i wanted to know if there will be more films next year . it could be an advantage ! 
another excellent thing was your choice for the entry . that was a great idea to have just one ticket for all events . that was simpler than the other way of selling tickets ( practical and attractive ) . 
finally , i want to make a suggestion for next year . it would be better if people had the chance to park their cars very near to the festival during the weekend ! 
i am sure you'll pay attention to my suggestions and advice and i am looking forward to seeing you next year . 
yours sincerely , 
mark and his family decided to go for a walk in the alps . so , his father prepared the car and his mother took some food for the journey . 
it was a sunday and , as always , mark was very excited . he was very keen on going to the mountains . 
suddenly , the father stopped and said: " here we are ! " they were near a little house built of wood and began walking . the sun was shining and mark was really happy to be outside with his family . 
they ate with the owner of the little house , whose name was john . it was very quiet because they were in the countryside ; they could just hear the cows and john's two dogs . 
mark was very interested in building small things with john . he was able to make different objects out of wood . 
after that , mark's father , who spoke fluent traditional swiss language , spent time with an old woman he had just met near the house . 
after eating old cheese and swiss chocolate , it was high time mark's family went back home . 
mark was so happy but very exhausted to recognize this story . nevertheless this story happened a long time ago . 
10 june 2000
dear manager , 
i would like to complain about your theatre and the musical show that i saw last week . 
i went to london for a holiday last week and read the advertisement about 'over the rainbow' in the hotel which i stayed in . 
i saw danny brook and tina truelove were written on the advertisement paper and was very excited . however , danny brook did not appear on the stage until the end of musical showing time . i was really disappointed about it . secondly , the starting time was 19:30 but it started 20:15 so i was waiting for 45 minutes . it was such a long time to wait in the theatre . 
thirdly , it mentioned about discounts . despite the fact that i am a student , i could not get any discounts . i also visited your restaurant after the show but it was already closed because the show finished late . 
for the reasons above , i , indeed , spent an awful last night in london . 
i would like you to refund , otherwise , i will take action . 
i look forward to receiving a reply to my enquiry . 
sincerely
fashion of the future
people will wear this kind of clothes 100 years from now . 
if the weather is hot then we don't have to wear underwear because very thin and light clothes will support our bodies . there will be two functions for summer clothes that we don't need to wear clothes like layer and layer . for example , t-shirts for women will include a bra: easy to take it out when you wash it , and it is very simple and comfortable . what about short pants ? you don't have to wear knickers . we can just put some thin pads in there . we can't feel it and easy to remove and just wash it . simplest is the best in summer ! 
when it's very cold in winter , we just wear light clothes what we want , in our style . because special warm and healthy material will be developed and used inside thin clothes so we don't need to put heavy clothes on our bodies . we can show our figure in winter as well . 
most important thing is that we don't have to kill animals just for people's cruel aims . 
functions' clothes are the way to love animals ! 
dear sir/madam , 
i went to the circle theatre to watch the 'over the rainbow' musical show , recently . i was truly disappointed by it . my expectations were high after i'd read your leaflet in which it was advertised as 'london's newest and best musical show' . now , i can assure you it wasn't . firstly , it was danny brook who was supposed to star . the substitute was far worse . secondly , i had to wait forty-five minutes before the show finally began . another unkept promise is was the discounts . there weren't any ! lastly , when i got hungry after the delay it appeared that the theatre restaurant was closed . you can believe me it wasn't 'my perfect evening out' and i have no other choice than to ask you to give me my money back . i paid for something i didn't get so it is obvious that i want my money back . i got the 15 ticket . i'd like you to send the money to this address : ul taklowa 10
skoclow 43-430
poland
yours faithfully , 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . after two days , the whole school knew . when paul entered the school gate , other children began to tease him and laugh . paul couldn't stand it . he ran out quickly , leaving everyone behind . he felt very ashamed and didn't know what to do . normally , he would go and talk to pat but pat betrayed him . they were no longer friends . 'how could he , ' paul thought 'now the whole school knows jean attracts me' . as he was sitting there , he heard someone walking towards him . he turned around and saw . . . jean . 'what are you doing here ? why aren't you at school ? ' she asked . paul was paralyzed . he couldn't reply . 'i heard what you've said about me' , she said , i think it's sweet' . paul couldn't believe his ears . while he was thinking how to reply , jean took his hand and led him to the school . when they entered everyone became silent . all the children were staring at them and paul thought that pat wasn't that bad at all . 
17th june 2000
dear sir , 
i would like to complain about a musical show . i was very disappointed during a week's holiday because i had a lot of problems with the show . 
i had seen from the advertisement that the actors were danny brook and tina truelove , but it was not danny brook . i was really disappointed because he is my favourite actor . 
the musical should have started at 19 . 30 , but it started at 20 . 15 . when i went to ask for the discount on the ticket at the cashier desk they told me no discount was available . i had seen the advertisement saying that a discount was available . 
after the show i decided to have dinner in your theatre restaurant , but i couldn't because it was closed . it closed at 10 pm but the show finished at 10 . 30 pm . 
this was not a perfect evening for me , so if you don't give me my money back , i will tell the newspaper about it . 
i am looking forward to hearing some good news . 
yours faithfully , 
boo sersuwan . 
i think in the next 100 years people will wear space clothes with a small engine in the back , because of the atmosphere . the atmosphere of the earth is now deteriorating badly every year . 
the level of carbon dioxide is growing very fast and people cut down more trees , therefore there are not enough trees to absorb the carbon dioxide and produce oxygen . 
the designers will have a lot of ideas about how to make very nice and useful clothes . i think if we wear these clothes we will travel everywhere easier than we use cars , ships , planes and spaceships . this means the engineering will find the way to useless petrol for it , so it must useful in the future . 
i think somebody will make a very big area to grow plants so they can sell the oxygen . this will be a new business . 
i think i can win this prize , because these clothes will be produced in soon in the future . 
17/06/00
mr. manager
my name is james camirez and i am writing this letter to you because i have some complaints regarding the disappointing evening i had last night . 
first of all , in the advertisement for the show it said that the actor was going to be danny brook and instead of him there was a totally unknown clown that had no idea of how to act . it was horribly disappointing ! 
second i got to the theatre at 19 . 20 because in the advertisement it clearly states that the show starts at 19 . 30 , and i got really mad when i looked at my watch and noticed that i had been waiting for 40 ( forty ) minutes and the show hadn't started yet . . . i mean it was amazing ! 
then i read in the advertisement , " discounts available " , and i didn't get any discounts when i asked for them . 
after the show i got out of the show room deeply disappointed and went to the restaurant to drink something to relax , and do you know what ? . . it was closed ! i couldn't believe it . how can this class of theatre be so . . oh i'm geting mad again so i am going to tell you one last thing , it was the most horrible night i had ever had so i demand my money back ! 
i think that modern technology has affected all human beings . modern technology has affected me in several ways . i mean the more the technology advances ; the more comfort comfortable we get . now with modern machines i can make better use of my time . if i am late to go to training and i haven't eaten yet i just take my food and put it in the microwave oven . another example is computers . i think they are some of the most advanced machines in the world . you can live your entire life in a house without going out , just by using the internet . it has also helped me with my homework . i mean it's incredible the time you waste by doing something without a computer . but i think also that with modern technology we get more comfortable so that makes me a passive person and not so active . this can be bad too because if i get used to being comfortable , when i need to do hard work i won't be able to . 
dear manager , 
i'm a person who went to see the musical show . i would like to know something about the " over the rainbow " programme . 
you have informed the actor , times , discount and the restaurant to people , but actually what did you do ? 
first , you have changed the actor . 
second , the time is late from 19 . 30 , it started 20 . 15 . 
third , the tickets have not the discount . 
last , after the show , i couldn't go to the restaurant , because it was closed . 
what's happened ? this is the good theatre do , or not ? this is a famous theatre . you know , what did people feel ? everybody attented go to the show , funny , and happy in the end , and what have we go then ? disappointed ! think about that . if you cannot could not manage the programme , why didn't you inform people before the programme started ? 
i thought you understood '; please send money back to me , you know why , don't answer me ? 
thank you , 
now we know , our world has developed to new world , because we have high technology to do . 
if we came back to the past , we felt everything , it was so difficult to do , we would have plane and done by ourselves and last time . 
today , technology is a part of life . it started from got up in the morning , we have the machine help us to cook , iron , cleaning , washing , and then we went out to work , there are car , sky train to travel for help us convenience and quickly . 
while we work at the office , there are the computer and equipment to help us to work and easy . after we have finished work , we come back home , and there is the television for get information , news , data by different way and quickly . 
how has modern technology changed your everyday life ? 
we appreciated the modern technology changed my daily life for help every easy and quickly , we have time to do many things . 
dear sir or madam
i am writing to complain about the musical show " over the rainbow " , which was performed in your theatre two weeks ago . 
i went to see it on 5th june 2000 . first of all , danny brook was not there that evening but an unknown and not very good actor . secondly the show started 45 minutes late . then at the ticket-office ticket office i was told that no discounts were available so i had to pay the full price despite the fact that i am a student . 
finally i would have had dinner at the theatre restaurant if it had not already been closed because the show finished , obviously , late . 
i am really not satisfied with the organisation of the show particularly because in the advertisement you wrote something false . for this reason i expect to receive my money back . 
yours faithfully
unfortunately , pat wasn't good at keeping secrets . 
last week we had another demonstration of this . 
on monday we decided to organize a surprise party for ted's birthday on tuesday evening . 
each of us had a different task . anna made the cake , peter organized the music , heather and i went to buy the present; pat said: " ok , i'll phone some of ted's friends to invite them " . obviously ted should not have known anything about it and we reminded it to pat reminded pat of that twice: " the party is a secret ! ! " and she said: " yes , it must be a surprise ! " 
on tuesday afternoon we met to arrange the last details; pat said: " i've just phoned tommy , billy and alison and i met ted yesterday evening: they all have said ok for the party . . " 
at that moment she understood that something was wrong ! 
dear sir/madam , 
i am writing with reference to the musical show i saw last week in your theatre . i hoped that it would be the most exciting evening during my week's holiday in london . unfortunately it wasn't . 
i wouldn't like to be unkind but i must say that the advertisement for the show included a lot of false information . first of all , when i bought the tickets it appeared that there was no discount available . secondly , i must complain that the musical show started almost an hour late and in addition to this anyone didn't apologize no one apologized . moreover , i would like to ask why danny brook , who is my favourite actor , didn't perform in the show . furthermore , i would like to enquire why the theatre restaurant was closed . 
finally , i must say that i had a very disappointing evening and i would like to get my money back . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours faithfully
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . i wish i had known it two days ago . . . exactly on on 15th june we were at the birthday party . dora wanted me to come with pat because she was in love with him . i really like dora and pat and i just wanted to help them to be together , but it wasn't such a good idea . 
i thought that if i said something specific about her he would look at her in a different way . well , i forgot that it's just a boy ! i shouldn't have told him that she was a virgin . it was awful when he started to laugh and everybody was staring at us . yesterday , i discovered that he told everything to marl and tony . i really regret that i was so foolish . 
the most horrible thing is the fact that my friendship with dora seems to be on the rocks and i don't know what i have to do to overcome the difficulties . 
dear manager 
i am writing this letter to you because when i went to your musical show i had a very bad time . 
firstly when i went to the show it was written that the start time was 19 . 30 but it started at quarter past eight . i had waited for forty five forty-five minutes . secondly the stars were going to be danny brook and tina truelove but different people came to the show . it was the first time i had been to a musical show but i guess it will be the last one too . anyway after the show i felt hungry so i went to the restaurant but it was closed because they were having the inside altered . 
and lastly that was the worst night i had ever had so i asked for my money back but they wouldn't give me it so i had an argument with the people who worked there but i couldn't get my money back . 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . because last year i started smoking and nobody knew that i was smoking but one day as i was smoking at the back of the school someone came up to me and i noticed that it was pat . she saw me as i was smoking so that wasn't going to be very good . she said that she wouldn't tell anyone but i knew she might say it to someone so i was always with her every minute , every second . but one day as i was walking home like every night i saw pat in front of our house door talking to my dad . i just knew i shouldn't have trusted her but as i went in the house my dad asked pat to stay for a meal . i was in shock , thinking why isn't anyone getting angry with me ? after a while we sat down for dinner and pat just talked told my parents that i was smoking and when my family heard they got ever so angry . i couldn't go out of the house for a month so now i know how pat is and that she can't keep any secrets . 
dear mister
i'm writing to you to complain about the musical show you put on are putting on at the moment: " over the rainbow " . 
as my husband is a native and we live in switzerland , we appreciate to spend spending a week in london every year . we are keen on theatre and musical shows . your theatre is known to put on excellent shows . we were never disappointed before and especially enjoyed " the drama " you presented last year . 
anyway we had a very disappointing evening . first , we couldn't get a discount , although you mention it in your advertisement . and the only tickets left were 20 . then the show began 45 minutes later than stated . last but not least , danny brook was replaced by a different actor , whose name i probably forgot because of his poor performance . we are used to eating at your restaurant which is not only well known for it's good value but also for it's original decor . 
therefore i ask you to give us 20 back , because the two tickets were not worth more . i'm looking forward to hearing from you soon . 
yours faithfully
unfortunately , pat wasn't really good at keeping secrets . the following story will prove it . i left the office at six o'clock . i was free as the air . my husband was doing a course all week in berne . the kids were with their grandmother , who takes care of them . 
i drove to ouchy where i had a drink . it was so hot , i decided to go for a swim in tutry , although i hadn't a swimming costume . i knew a good place . i parked the car and waited ten minutes . as i had planned , the place was deserted . i took my clothes off and swam for twenty minutes in the lake . coming back , i noticed that my clothes were missing . i walked back , hoping i wouldn't come across anyone and be able to drive back home . the car was missing too . 
unfortunately a police car drove by and the policeman saw me standing there nude . they drove me to their office after having given me a shirt . there i called pat who picked me up . i felt so miserable that pat laughed to see me . of course she told everything to my husband . if only pat could keep secrets ! 
dear sir , 
i went to your show called " over the rainbow " and i was really disappointed by many things . 
firstly , you spoke about two actors , danny brook and tina truelove , but instead of them we had two others and they were really bad . so i was really surprised . in addition to this you started the show 45 minutes late . it was boring for everybody . how could we appreciate the show properly . 
moreover , in your advert you wrote that there were discounts available but it was not the case . no discounts were available . then you invited people to visit your theatre restaurant after the show but it was closed because there were no staff to welcome people . you offered something you could not possibly provide . i did not have a good time for all of these reasons and i would like you to give me my money back . 
i hope you understand my request and you are going to reply as soon as possible . thank you . 
yours sincerely
o . labro
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . the nightmare started at this time . i thought she was a really good friend but i made a mistake . she couldn't keep my secret and everybody knew which boy i was in love with . she didn't tell me but when i came to the class everybody was looking at me and this boy as well . i looked at her and she became pale and suddenly left the class . i followed her and caught her to push her to the ground . i was ready to fight but somebody stopped me . i couldn't go back to the class so i went home . my mum was at home and i told her whole the the whole story . she said that i had to be strong and not care about them . so i went to the class and everybody was laughing at me and the boy told them to stop because he loved me and wanted to be with me . then all the girls became jealous and stopped laughing . 
dear sir or madam , 
i am writing to complain about the circle theatre which is very different from what it have shown . i will let you know about what i have in mind . 
i went to your theatre last saturday , at about 7 . p . m . i asked for discounts . but a clerk said that the time for discounts had ended . i did not care about the money and i rushed into the theatre and then took a seat with some food . i was waiting for the show that was supposed to start at 7 . 30 p . m . but it started at 8 . 15 . i felt nervous . when i saw an actor , he was a different actor . i was very upset and disappointed . 
after the show ended , i was on the way to the theatre restaurant . what was more , it was closed because of refurbishing . 
if you were me , how would you feel ? so , i could not help writing to you and would like to receive money back . 
i enclose the theatre receipt . 
yours faithfully , 
bying kak
- how has modern technology changed your daily life ? 
i was born in 1973 . at this time , our nation was a developing country . almost all the people had a television which provided events around our country very quickly . as i grew up , t . v was one of the most mysterious things like a telephone and a bus . 
when it comes to modern technology , i grately appreciate it . 
first thing is the computer . when i was a university student , i had to find out some information for my homework . i could not get it . but a computer allowed me to get it from the internet . 
second thing is the airplane . i imagined where other countries are like england . now i am in england . i know a ship but an airplane made an arrival to here be quick . 
third thing is the telephone . it saves time . whenever i do not know about something , i phone someone and ask about it . 
all in all , i have been having many benefits from modern technology , which is very useful . but it might be a problem , making me lazy . 
now , the world is one end and i have to take advantage of modern technology for my future . 
dear sir , 
i am writing to you because i have recently been to your musical show at the circle theatre but i'm sorry to say that i had a very disappointing evening . 
i was in london for a week's holiday and i decided to go to the theatre . i saw your musical show advertised in my hotel and i decided to buy a ticket . i am still a student and i saw in the advertisement that there were some discounts available . i asked about it but the answer i received was that there weren't any kind of discounts . i arrived at the theatre at 19 . 00 and i thought i'd have waited only thirty minutes . i waited more than one hour because the show started at 20 . 15 . but , at that moment , i thought that these things can happen . when the musical show started i had the third bad surprise . the male actor wasn't danny brook but an actor that i've never seen before . at the end of the show i was very hungry and so i had the brilliant idea to decide to go to the theatre restaurant but , of course , it was closed ! 
i think that if there had been only one or two problems i wouldn't have written to complain but there were only problems . i'd like not only to complain but also to have my money back because my evening wasn't " perfect " as you advertised but it was a big disaster . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you as soon as possible . 
yours faithfully , 
every aspect of our daily life is influenced by technology . i'll give you some examples describing how technology affects my life every day . 
the first thing i do every day , when i get up , is to prepare a fantastic cappuccino with my coffee machine . then i go to work by motorbike . the first thing i do when i arrive at my office is to switch on my computer . all day i speak with the majority of my colleagues by telephone or e-mail . sometimes i am alone all day but i have contact with many people . 
when i have to book a holiday , to buy a book or to check my bank account i use the internet and i do all these things , and many others , without moving from my office . when i finish working i come back home . if i haven't enough time to cook i prepare my meal using my fantastic microwave oven . if i'm too tired to go out with my friends i finish my day watching a programme on television . i know that it can appear a sad day but it's what a lot of people do every day in every part of the world . 
to conclude , i think that technology has improved many aspects of our daily life . but it's also true that sometime we aren't able to take a step without it . 
dear sir , 
i am writing to complain about a musical show i saw at the circle theatre on wednesday , june , 14th which was titled " over the rainbow " . 
first of all , the advertisement i got laid placed emphasis on danny brook's starring in the show , but actually , a disappointing , unknown actor played his part , and i wonder whether he had real skills . 
to make matters worse , not only was the restaurant closed , for no apparent reason , but also the discounts that were said to be available were not . 
on top of everything , the performance began forty-five minutes late . 
i find it unbearable to witness such deceitful advertising and to even pay ten pounds to have such a disappointing evening . consequently , i ask for my money back , and i will obviously not go back to the circle theatre . i attach my receipt , and i look forward to hearing from you soon . 
yours
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . over the last five years , she has caused many arguments because of unkept secrets , but she couldn't help speaking to everybody . this time , as katie , her cousin , had told her , their friend bobby had stolen a great camera , but that this was confidential . pat reacted violently; why was she told secrets she was unable to keep ? however , she was interested , and decided to lead her own enquiry into this case . bobby didn't use to commit such acts and the story seemed very strange . despite katie's warning , pat achieved her purpose by carefully questioning her friends , and realized bobby had been forced to steal this camera or else he would be hurt . pat knew there was no solving the problem without the the help of adults . katie and bobby would be furious , but anyway . . . she got the two criminals convicted , and recovered the calm within the school . it was the first time she had saved someone by telling a secret , and she realized she had made a good choice . 
saturday , 17th june , 2000
dear sir , 
i am writing to you in order to get my money back , concerning the musical show: over the rainbow . i live in france and i recently spent a week's holiday in london . i decided to go to the theatre to have a nice evening . i saw your advertisement in a newspaper . it seemed to be very interesting . but in fact it is not ! 
i had a very disappointing evening . first of all: the actors who were mentioned in the advert are not the same as the ones on stage . i was supposed to see the famous danny brook , and what a surprise it was when it was not him . i was very disappointed . 
secondly the show was meant start to start at 19 . 30 pm . in fact it started at 20 . 15 pm without any explanation . 
thirdly the advert said " discounts available " . this is not the truth . 
after that it was suggested we visit your theatre restaurant , but the restaurant was closed ! it was a shame . 
and you wrote , i quote that it would be " your perfect evening out " , excuse me , but i do not agree with you . it was awful , the worst evening of my life . 
so please , it would be fair if you gave me my money back . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you in the near future . 
yours faithfully . 
" what will clothes be like 100 years from now ? " 
in my opinion , clothes will not change so much , because fashion is an eternal cycle . you will always find the same basic clothes , but i think that it will be the materials which will change . 
we will find the same kind of clothes with gadgets included . for example: a short , very classical and inside it could be included a mobile phone , or we could find some buttons too , to provide . . fresh air , why not ? or special flying shoes , and maybe you would have a screen on your watch to watch your favourite soap operas . 
everything is possible , but it would be fun to see this type of gadget in old clothes , like a dress from the middle ages . 
do not worry about this , it will not happen ! fashion is always the same ! 
dear manager:
i recently was in london , staying in my sister's home , and i went to see " over the rainbow " . i had a lot of problems and i would like to tell you about them . 
early that day i went to buy the tickets and i decided to buy the expensive ones , as the promotion paper said they gave discounts to people who worked at the british institute . i mentioned it , but they told me that the promotion had ended a long time ago . why do you put it in the paper then ? in the evening i got a flat tire , and because of this i got to the show late , when i got to my seat , it was taken ( it cost a lot ) and they took me to the cheapest seats , where i couldn't see a thing . after waiting a while in this uncomfortable seat the show started . i waited 45 minutes and then the actors appeared , but i found discovered that the main one wasn't danny brook , it was an impostor . 
and finally when the show ended i decided to go and eat something , but the restaurant was closed because the chef was sick . sorry , but none of this is professional , and i am going to make a demand exactly because you don't have that , if you don't give me my money back . 
i hope you understand me
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . 
yesterday i decided to go to the " blue disco " because the guy i liked was going to be there . but there was a little problem and it was that my parents didn't let me go alone to discos to discos alone , so i had to go illegally , and i decided i would do it . 
that night i waited until my parents were asleep and i climbed out of my window . i had told pat to pick me up . she was the only one who knew my plan . i made her promise she wouldn't tell anyone my secret . so when we arrived at the disco there was my guy waiting for me . to summarise the night , i am going steady with him , and he took me home . the next morning pat came to my house . i was sleeping so she talked to my mom and she suddenly asked her: at what time did catana arrive home last night ? . . . 
all the truth was then told , and now i am grounded for life . she definitely doesn't know how to keep secrets . 
dear sir or madam , 
i am writing to complain about the terrible evening i spent in your theatre . just to remind you of which show i am talking about , it is called " over the rainbow " . 
there were a couple of things i noted down during the show . one of the reasons that i chose to see this show was to see danny brook live . but there was a different actor instead of him . i am very disappointed . another problem that bothered me about the show was its late start . instead of starting at 19:30 pm , it started at 20:15 pm . i had a meeting straight after the show but i was late and made a fool of myself by arriving late and had to suffer all those people staring at me and whispering . then i found out that the discounts were not available but on the notice board it said that they were available . after the show , i noticed that the theatre restaurant was closed because it was closed that day . 
the evening that i spent there was terrible so please may i have my money back . 
yours faithfully , 
raulet . 
well , for instance people in roman times ( roman soldiers ) didn't have any sort of transport to move them from one place to another . the only way they could move was using their feet . they could walk over 4 km per day without any breaks . 
but people nowadays like me can't even walk 1 km . and also what is the point of walking when you have cars and buses or even bikes . 
phones also affected my daily routine . if i wanted to find one of my friends , i had to run around our neighbourhood looking for him but now i just have to phone him on his mobile phone and just ask him where he is . 
computers changed my daily routine because , when i was younger , i spent most of my days outside playing basketball but now i just play on the computers all day . 
e-mails are also one of my examples . when e-mails didn't exist , i wrote letters and it took longer to get to the person i was writing to but with e-mails the person could receive my message within a few seconds and you don't have to count how many days it will take before he will receive it . so in my opinion , modern technology has changed my daily routine quite a lot . 
circle theatre 
to mr. smith , circle theatre 's manager
20th june 2000
dear mr smith , 
by the following , i would like to inform you that i've attended i attended your new musical show , the name of which is " over the rainbow " , last saturday evening , 10th june . i'm writing to you to make a complaint about your advertisement , which i consider a lying advertisement . let me explain to you why i'm now so disappointed . i spent i had one week's holiday in london with my husband for our honeymoon . we had prepared this quite a long time ago , this trip to the capital and saved a lot of money as well . 
we are both very keen on musicals . we've already seen " cats " , the " phantom of the opera " , " les miserables " , " grease " , and so many others . when we saw your leaflet that mentioned " london's newest and best musical show " , we were so enthusiastic and curious that we immediately bought the tickets . on the evening , people stood at the entrance who were shouting at you because there weren't any discounts available . one thing that you promised on your leaflet . we didn't have trouble finding our seats , but we found it very annoying to wait 45 minutes before the show starts started and more than that your famous actors weren't definitely definitely weren't mr brook and mrs truelove and we can also add that your restaurant wasn't opened because of hygiene problems . i can say now that " it wasn't my perfect evening out " and i now request some money back for all these annoyances . 
yours sincerely , 
to international post magazine
application for the shopping trip to new york
dear sir or madam , 
please find enclosed my thoughts about the fashion of the future . first of all , i think we should consider the way at present people are dressing people are dressing at present to see how it's going to be developed in the future . everyone has his own style but it's obvious that many of us are wearing the same clothes as others . we all follow the new collection on the market . today it's wearing short trousers and yesterday it was wearing broken jeans torn jeans . what we wear is also influenced by models , the media , or new collections , which come from paris , london , or new york . these new clothes are often very expensive , which's why maybe maybe why not everyone can afford to buy himself the newest clothes on the market . in 100 years , it's possible that everyone will develop his own style using all the new materials like plastic , latex , everything possible , as a way to create their own clothes . 
in my opinion , i think that people will not wear clothes anymore , just be natural , being nude and feeling free , like many many years before . because , i think that people need to find their authenticity again . 
i hope that my article appears in your magazine . 
with best regards . 
dear sir or madam
i am writing to complain because i was really disappointed by your musical show , which is " over the rainbow " , last week . i could compare between the advertising of the musical and the actual musical show last week . 
first of all , the advertising shown us starring , which is danny brook and tina truelove . however , when i had seen saw it , starring of the musical the musical starred completely different actors . i was really disappointed about it . 
secondly , the advertising states the musical starts at 14 . 30 and 19:30 , but the musical started at 20:15 , that's . that's 45 minutes late , and also i asked for a discount ticket at the ticket counter , but there were not available any discount tickets no discount tickets were available . 
finally , your theatre restaurant was closed after the show , it is because i saw it was opened at break time for musical , but afterwards , the people of staff for restaurant were closing . 
now then , how was this advertising , it was completely different . i am really disappointed with your musical . i am asking you for my money back , because i didn't enjoy your musical . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours faithfully , 

i am writing a composition about " how modern technology has changed your daily life " . this is our subject . all at the technology developed about every day , not all of it , but still a lot of modern technology has changed our daily life . 
first of all , i think more than half the population of britain has a " mobile phone " , they . they are small and compact , much lighter than a home telephone , and one of the biggest advantages is you can carry it , so that it is easy to contact your friend or someone who other , even they can easily contact you as well , so you can phone anytime you want , whenever you want . 
secondly , personal computer ( pc ) , these " desk top " and " lap top " computers developed each year . however , the most important thing is the " internet " . mobile phone could easy to contact anyone in your country , the " internet " it is easy to contact people worldwide . you can send e-mail anytime , anywhere you want . it is the most popular thing in the whole world . 
this modern technology gets closer between person to another person , get close between worldwide , so that , this modern technology changed our daily life so different . 
. 
dear sir/madam; i am writing to complain about the musical " over the rainbow " , which was performed at your theatre . firstly , i had been looking forward to that show since danny brook was to be one of the main actors; however , there was another actor instead of him , which was to me as a great disappointment was a great disappointment to me . secondly , as for the times of the performance , instead of 19 . 30 it started at 20:15 , which meant being stranded at the theatre for such a long time . in addition , i had brought very little money in the hope that i would get a discount . however , there was not any available . finally , as regards the theatre restaurant , it was closed due to problems with the pipes . as you may realize , it was not a perfect evening out but a complete disaster . i am asking you for a full refund or at least some of my money back . i look forward to hearing from you , yours faithfully andrehi lisa danzelli
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . what is more , every time i trusted her with my secrets , she always let me down . it was always the same; she would meet with her neighbours afterwards and give my secrets away . to make matters worse , people gossiped about me and tried to find out more and more about my private affairs , which made me feel embarrassed . the worst thing was that she started to make up false stories about me , which soon spread all around the neighbourhood . 
needless to say , i couldn't put up with that situation any longer so i decided to fall out with her . since then , i hasn't haven't talked to her again , despite the fact that she regretted doing all that and really wanted to make up with me . of course , i became aware of her feelings since a friend of mine overheard a conversation between pat and another girl . in spite of that , i found it difficult to forgive her as she had hurt my feelings; that's why the only thing i could tell her after we had quarrelled was: " it serves you right , i'll hate you for the rest of your life ! " 
dear sir or madam , 
i am a foreign woman who had a week's holiday in london and decided to go to the theatre to see a musical show . that show wasn't what it was supposed to be and it is for that reason that i am writing to you . 
one of the problems was that a couple of actors , danny brook and tina truelove , were the ones supposed to act and a different actor took danny's place . it was disappointing ! 
the second show was supposed to start at 19:30 , but to make matters worse , it started at 20 . 15 , so after the show i couldn't go to the cinema . 
also i couldn't visit the theatre restaurant after the show because it was closed for the holidays . 
on top of everything the ticket office didn't offer any discounts , so on the last day i couldn't buy a present for my neighbour . 
i am writing to ask for the refund of the 55 which i spent on the ticket for that miserable show . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours faithfully . 
jane smythe
i am going to write about how modern technology has changed our daily life . 
first of all , i think that technology has been one of the most important inventions in human history and that without it we couldn't be where we are right now . 
one of the best examples is the car: in a lot of cities around the world , cars can be seen in the streets all day long . during the last decade the number of people who have their own car increased very quickly . on the other hand people who haven't any cars can also be helped by technology: they can use the public transport like the train or the bus , which are also comfortable forms of travelling . but if you want the fastest means of transport , the plane is perfect ! 
but technology can also help you at home if you use modern machines to clean your house , clothes or dishes . 
apart from that , technology also helps in hospitals . all the time there are more machines helping doctors and nurses with their difficult tasks . 
in contrast , technology is very bad for the environment : if we use cars we contaminate the environment , and many cars are being used every day ! 
on balance i think that technology evidently has got more advantages than disadvantages . 
dear sir/madam , 
i am writing to complain about the musical show at the circle theatre . 
firstly , the actor who starred was not dany brook as advertised but another actor , whose performance was very bad . that made the show disappointing . 
secondly , the show should have begun at half past seven . despite this fact the show began at a quarter to eight . 
also , there were no tickets available and after this bad musical show , the restaurant of the theatre was closed . 
my evening was not very pleasant as you advertised . as a result of this i demand some of my money back . 
yours faithfully , 
if i said that technology has not changed my life i would be lying . if fact technology has changed in a major way my life my life in a major way . 
can you imagine your life without a car or a television ? i can't . technology is so much a part of my life that i could not live without it . 
but technology doesn't only make my life better . by using a car i not only get an easy way to move around , but i also destroy the environment . also , if i use the car for small distances when i could go on foot , i destroy my health . 
can you imagine your life without a television or a computer ? i can't . although with with the computer i can contact my friends and with the television i relax , i could not find another way to relax and contact others . 
technology is very important in my life . it makes my life easier , and it would be much more difficult to live without it . 
soles ledia
ci hacia de loredes
madrid
the circle theatre
london
dear sir , 
i am writing to you to complain about the musical show which took place last 1st of may at " the circle theatre " in london . your show was supposed to be one of the best that i had ever seen . at first sight the theatre was gorgeous . i was surprised at its facade and also i was anxious to see the beginning of the performance . 
my friends and i thought that it would be the perfect night out in london but everything changed when the show was delayed more than forty-five minutes . 
although we had problems at the entrance with the tickets , we looked forward to a marvellous night . the prices that our travel agency confirmed for us were not the same as the ones charged at the theatre . we asked for our special discount for being students of less than eighteen years but we only obtained a rude answer from the woman who sold the tickets . 
in addition to this , we realized when the show began that the main character was not danny brook . 
on top of everything the restaurant was closed and we could not eat at the theatre . 
you can imagine how upset we were and we ask you for some compensation for the night that we spent at your theatre . 
yours faithfully 
nowadays we think of modern technology as something usual in our lives . 
for instance with the arrival of the internet , the new digital television and the researchers in medicine , we are discovering how we can change our lives with only the press of a button , or look for something new by only thinking about it . . . we realize that the new technology has just begun to advance , and it is likely in a few years we will be very advanced in this way . 
in my opinion the new techniques technologies have more advantages than disadvantages . my reasons for saying this are that we can live better , we also have more ways of knowing now to live healthily and how to spend our free time . 
although technology is also used to create new types of weapon and also to kill people , that is only the worst part of it . 
but however it is a good idea to spend our money on new enterprises which pay researchers who could investigate how we could improve ourselves . 
dear sir or madam , 
i'm writing in order to complain about your current musical show , which i saw last week . it didn't go as i had expected and i was really disappointed when it finished . 
firstly , it was meant to start at 19:30 and i bought my ticket for the evening performance . however , it began at 20:15 . i would have understood a little bit of waiting time , but everybody agreed that this was too long . 
second , instead of starring danny brook , the musical was starring another actor , who i found really disappointing . although he sung quite well he danced terribly and that spoiled part of the show . 
i asked about the discounts available as we were a group of 15 people , but the answer i was given was that nobody had ever heard of them . 
in addition , we had planned to have dinner at the theatre restaurant but it was closed as it closes every thursday . i think that there's no point in having a restaurant which closes the day the audience is largest . 
finally , i just want to say that the perfect evening that the advertisement promised and that we all wanted turned out to be regrettable because of the wasted money . that's why i'd like to ask if you could give me some money back . i'm enclosing my ticket and this list of complaints as the reason for returning some money . 
i'm looking forward to receiving your decision . 
yours faithfully , 
my daily life has changed quite a lot with modern technology . i live more comfortably and i am even more carefree than a few years ago . i've been able to improve some things that would have annoyed me a little while ago , and although they're mainly little changes they make me notice that my life is easier . 
at home , for example , my alarm is no longer a deafening sound that breaks the silence and peace of my dreams , it is now the good-morning of my favourite radio programme , set to start at seven o'clock . then , when i was younger i would have to put the milk on the hob and wait until it was warm enough to drink . nowadays , almost everybody has a microwave oven , where you put your milk for less than two minutes and it is ready to delight your mouth . another thing is the fifty-two steps which take me to the street . they have become as easy as calling a lift , without making me feel tired or breathless when i am in a hurry . 
thanks to my mobile phone i can go out later at night , as my parents can know where i am whenever they want . also , with the development of the internet and its arrival at a great number of homes , i can have any information i need at any time i want . 
in brief , i am making the most of the discoveries of science and technology and i can't conceal that i'm really glad of that . 
dear manager , 
i recently had a week's holiday in london . during my stay i went to your theatre to see a musical show , which was over the rainbow . however , i had a very disappointing evening . 
there are a lot of differences between the details of the musical show in the advertisement and the ones it actually was . firstly the star stars in the advertisement were danny brook and tina truelove , while there were different actors in the musical show . secondly time starts at 19:30 on the leaflet but it actually started at 20:15 . thirdly it said there were discounts available in the advertisement . however , there were not any at all . finally it said we could visit your theatre restaurant after the show but it was closed because your excuse of being used at that moment . 
it said in the leaflet that this would be a perfect evening out , while it was not that at all . i felt very disappointed after seeing the music show in your theatre . as i said the reasons above , i want to ask for my money back ! i look forwards to hearing from you . 
yours faithfully , 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . he was so kind that he couldn't resist telling janet that she was going to be killed by mr brown . after doing that , pat left the room . janet was so nervous that she couldn't stop her heart beating quickly . she went quietly downstairs downstairs quietly and closed the door as soon as she went into her room . at that moment a lot of things appeared in her mind , which seemed like they had just happened yesterday . " why did mr brown want to kill me ? " she said to herself . " i am just a servant in this castle . i love him so much and i don't want anything from him although he is the owner of this castle . " while it it seemed as if a shadow came in through the window and disappeared quickly . everything in the room was quiet except the sound of the clock , as if everything was going to die . she was so frightened and sad that she had no energy . she fell onto the floor and wept , while nobody could help her . 
dear sir/madam
i am writing this letter to express my dissatisfaction with your entertainment show . 
last week i was on holiday and i went to the circle theatre to see over the rainbow , the musical . i was really looking forward to seeing it , because i like musicals and also i like danny brook . however , the leading actor was not him ! of course , i was so disappointed . the actor was not famous for his acting . 
also the musical did not start on time . it was late thirty minutes thirty minutes late . we just sat on our seats with nothing to do . 
i was going to a restaurant with my friends after the musical , but the musical finished at ten thirty . it was too late and we could not have dinner . if the musical had started on time , we could have eaten in the restaurant . 
furthermore , discounts were unavailable no discounts were available , even though we had a student card . in the advertisement they said that ticket discounts were available . i think it is a bombastic . anyway i was so unhappy . it was not a marvellous evening . could you return my money please ? you have a responsibility to the audiences . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours faithfully
how has modern technology changed your daily life ? 
my life has been changed by technological improvements advances . nowadays , we have so many technological things . for instance , tv , computers , telephones , air conditioners . these things are very convenience convenient ; on the other hand , there are lots of disadvantage points disadvantages . 
i have my own tv in my room and i enjoy watching tv every day . however , i need balance . if i watch tv too much i might not speak to my family very often . it will lack of communication . in addition , it is difficult to turn it off . i think i should cut down on watching tv . sometimes it is a waste of time . 
what about computers ? they are very useful too . i am living in london , but my father lives in taiwan and my mother lives in tokyo . 
i sometimes want to hear their voice on the telephone . unfortunately it is not so cheap . if i use e-mail it is much easier and cheaper . and i can send e-mail anytime . 
if i were addicted to the internet , it would be a problem . i do not want to spend much time on computers . 
in conclusion , people , including me , need balance . we must be good at using computers . 
dear sir or madam , 
i am writing to complain about the musical , over the rainbow , and also about the service . 
when i went to london , during my holiday , i decided to go to the theatre to see a musical , over the rainbow . 
during and also after the show lots of disappointing things happened . 
firstly , it was not danny brook and tina truelove who acted , it was someone else . 
secondly , in your advertisement i had read " times 14 . 30 and 19 . 30 " . in fact the show started at 20:15
thirdly , i also read " visit our theatre restaurant after the show " , but the restaurant was closed because it was being painted . 
last but not least , it also said " discounts available " , but there were not any staff there who could provide them . 
so i am sure that you will understand why i feel so frustrated and disappointed about the whole thing . 
i look forward to hearing from you in the very near future , to offer me my money back . 
yours faithfully
maris svensson
" unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . " i was reading when i suddenly heard a big bang . i looked out through the window and saw a big strange " thing " . it looked like a floating potato , a brown potato . after that a being climbed out of the potato . it looked at me and said . 
" i am here to help you . i only need to touch your teacher and you never need to do any homework again . " 
i could not believe my ears . it was the happiest moment of my life . 
i went back to my chair and when i looked up i saw my head teacher walking through the door with the being behind him . the being moved its hand forward and . . . . . 
then i felt a big pain in my head and heard , " you can't sleep in the lesson " . i looked up and saw my friend with the course book in her hand . immediately after i heard , " and don't forget your homework " . i looked at the book and read:
" unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets " 
to the manager , 
recently , i had the opportunity to go to your circle theatre event . unfortunately i never thought it could be so disappointing . it started when i received the advertisement on the street . because of that , i thought i'd have a wonderful night . 
the first problem happened at the box office because there were absolutely no discounts available . well , i bought a ticket anyway . the show was supposed to start at 19:30 but it actually started forty-five minutes late . when the show began i had my biggest disappointment , instead of the great danny brook , there was another actor , totally unknown . after the show i was so irritated about the whole thing that i decided to eat at the restaurant and try to relax a little . to my surprise , it was closed . 
because of all this , what was supposed to be one of my best nights turned out to be definitely one of the worst . so i'd like to receive have my money back . 
yours faithfully , 
technology is always getting better . and it is responsible for many changes in my life , and i think i wouldn't be able to live without it anymore . 
nowadays , with the internet it has become easier to do school work and i also like to chat with other people or maybe read the latest news about my favourite football team . i also recently got a cellular phone and i don't know how i lived so long without one - because it helps to solve problems so quickly , it's really amazing . but for me , the best thing is definitely the microwave . and there is quite a good reason for that . i live alone , so i have to cook my own food , and i'm the worst cook in the whole world . 
there are some of the devices of modern technologies modern technology that most help me but there are some others which are also very important for me . 
dear sir or madam
i am writing with regards to the musical show 'over the rainbow' and i am going to complain about it . 
i saw it last friday and it disappointed me because the actor was not the same man as shown in the advertisement . i had expected to see him so i couldn't enjoy myself at all . secondly , it didn't start at seven thirty . i don't know if there were any problems but i had to wait for forty-five minutes . i could not believe it ! 
in addition to this , i could not get a cheaper ticket so i wonder why the advertisement mentioned the discount on tickets . 
moreover , despite there being some restaurants in the theatre , they had already closed because it was too late . i wanted to have a coffee but i could not . 
i should not have gone to see the musical . i do not want to think you told a lie but i felt it was wasting my time and money . i would like you to refund all the money and i recommend thinking about the advertisement . i hope you understand me and the show is going to be successful . 
thank you for your time and i am looking forward to hearing from you soon . 
yours faithfully , 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets and because of her nasty habit , i lost my best friend and boyfriend at the same time . 
she was one of my friends and i couldn't trust her at all because she was a trouble maker troublemaker . one year ago , i had a boyfriend and he was the perfect man for me . i was happy at that time and i met up with him almost every day . i believed that i would get married to him but my happiness didn't last . 
one day , pat gave me a ring and she told me that my best friend was going out with my boyfriend in secret . 
i couldn't believe her because my best friend was a boy ! i was too shocked to eat anything . i tried to avoid thinking about it but i couldn't . i dared to ask him and he told me the truth . it was true ! i shouldn't have asked him ! 
and then i asked him to split up with my best friend but to make matters worse , he chose my best friend ! if i hadn't heard anything from pat , i could have got married to him . i couldn't do anything and two months later , my boyfriend got married to my best friend . i felt sad and miserable . 
i'm writing this letter because two weeks ago i was in london and i went to the theatre to see your musical show . and through seeing it my family had a very disappointing evening and so did i . you can read below my point of view regarding this . 
first of all , we couldn't see the famous actor " danny brook " because he was ill . i think that alone for this the musical show should have been cancelled the musical show should have been cancelled for this alone . 
on the other hand we thought of visiting the theatre restaurant but it was closed because the show didn't begin at 19:30 , as we had read in the advertisement , it began at 20:15 . 
in conclusion , after of all these mistakes that happened in your theatre i ask for all my money to be returned to me . 
please get in contact with me as soon as possible . 
yours faithfully
nowadays the majority of people have a computer in their home and sometimes we ask ourselves if modern technology will change our daily life . 
from my point of view the answer is obviously " yes " . from our home we can use it for doing a lot of things like buying food; working , reading newspapers and many more things . 
although it may be bad because we needn't go out to do important things and because of it we don't meet new people and we have less contact with people . 
in conclusion i think that modern technology would be better if we knew how it ought to be used . 
dear sir/madam 
last night i went to your theatre to see the musical show " over the rainbow " and i would like to tell you that it wasn't what i expected to see . 
actually this was because most things i saw were different from what the advertisement wrote said . 
first of all it wrote said that danny brook and tina truelove were starring , but danny wasn't there and somebody else took his place . this was the most disappointing thing i heard . 
also you said that the show was going to start at 19:30 but it started at 20:15 . you ought to know that all the people hated waiting and started to make complaints . 
the discounts weren't available and your theatre restaurant wasn't open because the owners were on holiday . 
finally you said that it would be our perfect evening out , but like i said before , it wasn't . actually it was terrible and i would like to have my money back . 
i am looking forward to receiving your reply . 
yours sincerely faithfully 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . after we had had an argument she told all the school my secrets . she really let me down . 
i had met her a year before and from the first time we talked to each other we were friends . it took us a little time to become best friends and after that we were always together . every day after school she came to my house or i went to hers . 
we were always laughing and having a great time . i loved her a lot and i thought she felt the same about me , but i was wrong . anyway , i always trusted her with my secrets , because i was sure she wouldn't tell them to other people , even if some day we would be apart . but i was wrong again . 
one day , we went to a party , where she met some of the most popular girls in the school . she started to act like them and speak like them . when i told her , she became very angry and she left without saying anything . afterwards , when i saw her , she laughed at me and the next day all the school knew everything about me . i started to cry but later i got over it . 
now the only thing i care about is that she couldn't keep secrets and all the school is looking down on me . 
dear sir or madam 
for weeks i'd been planning to go to the theatre with some close relatives and friends but the problems that we had made this perfect night a disaster for all of us . 
to begin with , in your advertisement you say that danny brooks will be starring in the show but instead there was a different actor , which made us very disappointed . another thing that is said in the advertisement is that the evening show will start at 7:30 but there was a forty-five minute delay . the crowd got really upset and we were going to leave at the first chance we got . 
to make matters worse , the theatre's restaurant was closed . you can understand how that made me feel , and also there was no discount on the tickets . 
to top it all in the end , this wasn't the perfect evening out . it was the worst night of my life . so i expect nothing less than a full refund of the money i paid to see this so-called show . if you don't do as i say , an article in the biggest newspaper will definitely change your mind . 
yours faithfully 
what are going to look clothes clothes going to look like a century from now ? are they going to be the same , are they going to be colourful , are men going to wear long skirts and women boxer shorts ? this is something that has troubled many people , especially those who work in the fashion industry . 
fashion has made great progress since the early beginning of the world days . the variety of new fabrics , their colours and quality , make new fashion statements every day . and the clothes are getting smaller and smaller . in the early 90s it was in fashion for women to wear only skirts , long ones actually , and for men to wear trousers . in the sixties , people wore clothes with flowers , big glasses , and jeans , and men had long painted hair . nowadays women wore wear really short skirts , short t-shirts , short tops , and cut their hair short just like men . boys pierce their bodies just like girls do and vice versa . if this continues , the two lives will turn the one to the other and soon men will wear skirts . clothes will get smaller ( people will be wearing practically no clothes ) . people will wore wear extreme clothes which will be really lanky . people will wear all those clothes that expensive designers design but no one wears . 
dear sir/madam , 
i took the decision to write to you because i would like to complain about your theatre . i am writing to you because last night i expected to have a wonderful evening and unfortunately i was disappointed a lot very very disappointed . 
i and some other friends decided to go to the theatre to see a musical show . we were so excitement excited . we are on holiday and we decided to come go . we had never been to a musical show and we think thought that it was a new opportunity . 
the title of the musical show was over the rainbow . the actors were 2 actors that i know are good . i believe that some other actors maybe made the whole story more interesting . you had two times that you could go . the first was very early , at 2:30 , and the other at 7:30 . we went at 7:30 . finally the musical show started at 8:15 . we wait waited one hour . i can say that i wanted to go , but i stayed in the end . when we went to pay for the tickets there were no discounts and we were 6 people in all . 
when the show finished , we went to the restaurant and it was closed because the people who work there don't work if they don't get their pay first . 
i was disappointing disappointed so so disappointed much because everything went wrong that night . me i and my friends would be obliged if you would give us back some of the money we paid . i expect look forward to your answer . 
yours faithfully , 
we are in the year 2000 . people past 1000 years from the day that excisted on earth . humans have done many things through through the years and made possible many things many things possible . they invented have invented so many things that have made life more interesting and more easier easier . 
now we are in the 20th century where in which people have been to the moon and discovered medicines about for serial serious illnesses . in that century i live i live in that century too . i believe that i am like that , i belong to that century . i couldn't ever think of myself living some years before where when people didn't travel by planes plane , ship and car . 
i believe modern technology has changed everyone , especially now with computers and all the other machines . personally , modern technology has changed me a lot . first i want to say to talk about the computer . before , i used some other ways to get information or play or communicate with people . now i can do all this with the computer . i can spend so many hours because day by day i discovered discover new things . maybe it is not good because you don't have the opportunity to meet people and talk face to face face-to-face . excepted apart from computers we have the telephone , tv , and gymnastic centres gyms . all of these are in my life . 
about the tv , i spend many hours in front of the tv . it helps me to relax and spend some hours alone . exactly happened and with telephone . 
about the gymnastic centres gyms , i find like them very much . those places have so many machines that you can easy easily lose weight and make develop a wonderful body . in those places you can meet people . 
now , if we make a in conclusion we can see , or i can see , that maybe i am not a very sociable person but i can do whatever i want and take whatever i want only through technology . 
i can say that modern technology has changed my life . 
dear sir/madam , 
i am writing to express my dissatisfaction with the musical show i saw yesterday , called 'over the rainbow' . 
firstly , i was disappointed , because the actor danny brook did not appear in the show . then , another thing i would like to mention is that the time advertised was wrong , because the show started at 20:15 . 
another thing is that there were discounts on the price of the tickets , and i did not get any discount . it also states that there was a restaurant to eat in after the show , but it was closed because it was not completely built . 
finally , i would like to know why would have a perfect evening , because i did not have one , so i would like to have my money back . 
i look forward to hearing from you in the very near future . 
yours faithfully , 
juan almo dali
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . one day , when peter and pat were alone in class , he confessed to her that he was gay . she was very surprised when pat told her that he was gay . 
during the week pat and peter talked about the problem he had and the consequences that would occurred follow if he told his parents about it . on saturday peter , pat and some other friends went to the cinema . when they were watching the film , katy and john approached peter and told him that they would continue being his friends . 
peter got very angry and asked pat why had they they had said that to him . pat did not answer him . the next day all the school knew that peter was gay and even though he didn't mind what had happened he didn't talk to pat again in his life . 
dear sir/madam
i am writing to complain about what it says in the advertisement is not true . i was really disappointed . here are the following points , which i do not think that you have realised what you have put down . 
1 the advertisement says the show starts at 19:30 . unfortunately it started at 20:15 . and i think i could find something more worthwhile to do than just waiting , doing nothing during this spare time . 
2 i had expected that there would be discounts available for people who have student cards as it says in the advertisement , but there was not . 
3 you recommended that there would be the restaurant after the show . however , all i could see was that the light was off and the door was locked . this is because they are rebuilding it again . 
4 i had also thought in the show there was a different actor . 
5 anyway , i took my headmistress with me and i had recommended stated how wonderful this show was going to be . 
it would be great if you considered returning my money as soon as possible . i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours faithfully . 
sapawadee prisuntha . 
fashion of the future - f . o . f . -
these 3 fs can tell you whether you are up-to-date . the first thing for fashion what is called " clothing " or what they wear . 
the 1st " f " is for " fast food " , something fast and easy to be spotted , which is an ancient wearing style . this is not normally what people wear every day . 
the 2nd f is ' fulfil ' wear ever you have in your mom's cupboard . for example long baggy trousers , which cover your bright brick shoes . wherever you go everyone would love you because of your trousers , which would clean away all the rubbish that is on the road . the 3rd " f " could not be anything else apart from something that could make you look " foolish " : having holes all over your body ( including unsuitable places ) , or something which could make you look like an animal such as having a big metal ring in your nose etc . 
if it is not these 3f booming in 100 years from now , so what else could you think of ? 
dear sir , 
i believe that you must be the manager and i would like to make some complaints about the play " over the rainbow " . 
firstly , in the advertisement you said that dany brook was going to be starring in the play , but you've put you put another actor in his place , which was very disappointing . moreover , the play was expected to start at half past seven in the evening , however it started at quarter past eight ! we had to wait all that time without anyone explaining to us the reason for this delay . 
to make matters worse , your theatre restaurant was closed and one of your assistants said that it was being under construction for the expansion of that place . 
this so-called " perfect evening " was very disappointing as well as discouraging us from going to the circle theatre again . 
after all i've been through , i would like a refund of my money . thank you for your interest . 
sincerely yours , 
nowadays , technology has extended its reach to almost every area of our interests , jobs and even hobbies . therefore , life has changed a lot since a hundred years ago , and my life has changed too . 
the biggest achievement of modern technology broke came into my house as soon as i reached the age of ten . this achievement is the personal computer , which has grown very fast because of the help it can provide . my computer helps me with my studies , homework and projects for school . with the internet , i became more sociable using the relay chat clients , but also developed a kind of boredom , which is known as " internet freak disease " ! i use it a lot , so sometimes i feel pain in my eyes or my hands . 
moreover , fishing has been affected by modern technology . fishing is my hobby and that's why i bought plastic worms and fish that are not so good - it's better to use live worms ! 
to sum up , my life is surrounded by modern gadgets . sometimes these gadgets are for the best and - more often - for the worst ! ! it just depends on your judgement and the way you plan to use technology . 
dear sir/madam . 
i'm writing to complain about the theatre show you put on last week because there were too many irregularities during the show . 
firstly , the guest stars who were supposed to perform were different from the ones advertised and very disappointing because they stopped the show twice . secondly , the show started 45 minutes late when it was supposed to start at 19:30 and no one explained to us , the audience , what was happening . 
to make matters worse when we bought the tickets they were much too expensive and there weren't any discounts for young people or for groups . but the worst happened when the show finished , because we ( my girlfriend and i ) were hungry and the theatre restaurant was closed . 
maybe , this was the worst show i have ever seen and for this reason i'll wait for a refund . 
yours faithfully . 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets so we couldn't tell her what happened that night . jon had crashed pat's boyfriend's car and he told her that someone had hit the car with a metal stick . 
pat's boyfriend couldn't believe that story but pat trusted jon and she thought that he was honest . however , jon felt very disappointed and he told the truth . 
in the beginning at first they didn't talk to each other but yesterday they both took part in a radio programme and she forgave him . 
now pat is angry with us because we didn't tell her what happened that night , and because she has left her boyfriend . it could have been worse than it was and for this we are happy , but now we can't hide anything from her . 
dear manager of the circle theatre
last sunday my friends and i saw that advertisement about the play you were supposed to put on . we thought that it was a good chance for us to watch it . 
" over the rainbow " was supposed to start at seven thirty . we went there on time . we waited there for forty-five minutes for it to start ! we couldn't believe it . we really got bored , like all the other people there . 
we were very disappointed because before this happened we pouded the tickets but there were no discounts available . and then delate forty-five minutes to present the show . 
then we expected to see danny brook and tina truelove . we did see tina truelove but we did not see danny brook . that was very disappointed disappointing . 
fortunately the show finished . we decided to visit the theatre restaurant . but it was closed ! ! that was a badly organized evening , we thought . when we asked why it was closed , the people there told us that they did not organise it before . 
i must admit that that evening wasn't the perfect one for me but i and for my friends either . it was the worst evening that we all had ever had . my friends and i demand our money back very soon . and please do not be very surprised if you receive more letters about this . 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . i made a big mistake by trusting him . what a fool i was . 
last wednesday my sister told me that our grandmother had a serious illness and she was going to die . she told me to tell no one . we didn't want our grandmother to find out at that moment so we were trying to keep it secret . 
i knew pat , my cousin , loved our grandmother very much . she and pat had a special relationship . despite the fact that i had to say nothing , i thought it was right to tell pat the truth . after a lot of thought i told him . 
pat started screaming and shouting . i knew he couldn't stand it . but i was sure he would say nothing . i was wrong . he told me that he had to tell my grandmother . i couldn't do anything . 
when pat left my house he went right away to the hospital . he found her there . and the worst happened . 
my grandmother was very sensitive and bored with life and when she heard it , her condition became more serious . 
after two days she died . pat , my sister and i felt very responsible . but there was nothing we could do . we knew we had lost her for ever . 
dear mr. jones , 
how are you ? i'm not so well , and that's the reason why i'm writing this letter to you . 
because you are the manager of the theatre , you have to know about the problems which it has . 
first of all , and the most important for me , is that you lie to your audience . i didn't see danny brook anywhere , but another actor . that was a big mistake . unfortunately your advertisement said that the show starts at 19:30 but it started 45 minutes later . also there weren't any discounts . 
oh ! i almost forgot . your restaurant was closed because your chef was ill . what can you say about that ? 
so , that's why i'm asking you to give me some of my money back . the perfect evening out i was expecting i was expecting the perfect evening out , it was in the end one of the most disappointing of my life . 
yours sincerely 
how has modern technology changed your daily life ? 
that's a good question ! i know that each student will give a different answer , but some of us will have some opinions . 
i think that the big improvement development of technology in the last 30 years has helped and is still helping us a lot in our daily life . with tv we can learn what is going on all over the world . with telephones , aeroplanes , and even fast ships , there are no big distances any more . 
every summer i go abroad with my family . we can see new countries , learn about their history etc . with my computer ( and the internet ) i can speak to my friends wherever they are . 
all this may sound great , but it isn't all . using the tv and computer makes people more closed . you might not know your neighbour because all the time you are in the house you are in the house all the time . children are not studying as much as they ought to , because they are watching tv , speaking talking on the phone or even playing computer games . 
that's why my marks this year were a bit low . and of course my parents were very angry with me . this is also another cause of heart attacks . 
dear sir , or madam , 
your advertisement for the musical over the rainbow said it was london's newest and best musical show . i agree with that because it is a wonderful show but it said that danny brook would be starring in it . i was really excited , but it turned out to be a different actor and i thought that was quite disappointing . 
the show started at 20:15 when it actually should have started at 19:30 . while i was waiting i thought i should inform myself about the discounts available . the shocking thing was there weren't any ! 
in the advertisement it also said you could visit your restaurant after the show , and that is what i did , but when i got there it was shut for no reason . 
what i'm trying to say is that this wasn't my perfect evening out and that i should get at least some money back ! 
yours faithfully , 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . as we know , carla and pat were good friends so carlotta would tell pat anything . this time she told pat that she thought her dog , churls , was going to die . 
pat couldn't resist and told her brother jacob . he was quite shocked about the news because he misunderstood . he understood that 'carlotta wants to kill charles but she is still thinking about it . ' jacob runs as fast as sound to get to charles's house . there , jacob approaches him slowly and tells him . 
" charles , you can't be with carlotta anymore , she's evil , " jacob whispers
" what , you're crazy ! " charles responds . 
" she said she was going to kill you ! " jacob shouts . 
" i'll talk to her , " charles exclaims . 
when charles told carlotta what he knew , carlotta started crying . 
it was all a misunderstanding . they managed to sort everything out and carlotta never had anymore secrets . 
dear sir: i am writing this letter to you because i would like you to know about a musical show which i went to see at the circle theatre . first of all , i wanted to see this musical 'over the rainbow' because the actor danny brook was acting in it . but when the musical started i became very disappointed because harry smythe , a not very famous actor , was acting instead of danny brook . then , the musical didn't start on time . it was supposed to start at 19 . 30 pm in the evening but we had to wait for more than half an hour . all the people got very angry . also i bought a 20 ticket because the advertisement for the show said that discounts were available for 10 15 , 20 tickets . i couldn't have my ticket discounted because when i went to buy it they told me that was untrue . furthermore , the advertisement said that the theatre restaurant was open but when we went there after the show , it was closed because the chef of the restaurant the restaurant chef was ill . it was ridiculous ! in conclusion , i didn't have my perfect evening out , in other words , i had a very disappointing evening so i am asking you for my money back . i would like to have my money back in ten days , otherwise , i will have to sue you . i am looking forward to hearing from you . yours sincerely , 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . i'm telling you this because i had a big problem a few days ago because of her . 
pat used to be my best friend but a few days ago i found out the truth . 
i used to tell pat everything about myself - my problems with my parents , my problems with the school , friends and more . i was always talking to her and she was always listening to me but she didn't talk to me very much about herself . at first , i thought it was a bit strange but i didn't care too much about that and i easily forgot it . in other words , pat knew all my secrets . 
i started to get along with other people and had new friends but i continued telling pat my secrets . my new friends sometimes talked to me about pat and they asked me once if we were close friends . i asked them why they had asked me that . their answer surprised me so much . they told me pat used to be a close friend of theirs and she used to talk about me and my problems . so , they had already known all my secrets for a long time ! 
i got very angry and immediately i went to talk to pat . at first , pat denied all the things my friends told me about her but she finally agreed with that . i asked her why she couldn't keep my secrets and she told me that it was impossible for her to keep secrets . she was very sorry about that and a few days after she moved to another city and now i don't know anything about her . i thanked my new friends for not telling anybody my secrets even though before the trouble we weren't very close friends . now i'm very happy with my new friends and i have learnt that i can't trust anybody too much because you don't really know what the person is like . 
mr. circle theatre's manager
i am writing to you to complain about the play you are advertising as the " london's newest and best musical show " in newspapers and leaflets . to tell you the truth , it has been the most disappointing experience of my whole life . i cannot bear it when somebody says something and then does just the opposite . 
to begin with , i would like to inform you , in case you do not know , that the play does not start at 19 . 30 as it says in the advertisements . what is more there were 45 minutes of waiting before it started and it did not satisfy all the expectations people had . 
on the other hand , despite the fact that you said that it was starring danny brook and tina truelove , i must tell you that danny brook did not appear at all . instead of him there was another actor who could neither act nor sing , even though it was a musical . 
the last thing i would like to complain about is that the theatre restaurant was closed , because , as we were told , of " vacations " . if the advertisements and leaflets say " visit our theatre restaurant after the show " there is no reason for it being closed . it should be open at least until everyone gets out of the place . it must be our decision whether to stay and eat there , or not . 
to cut a long story short , because of everything i have said above , the correct thing for me to do is to ask for my money back , and for you it is just to give it back to me because of all the trouble and disappointing disappointment you have made me suffer . i am looking forward to hearing from you as soon as possible . 
how has technology changed our daily lives ? 
in our grandparents' time life was so different that we cannot believe that this huge change to our daily life happened in only one hundred years or less . 
first , we have to admit that technology has really increased our ability to communicate , travelling to travel and getting to get information . you can now know what is happening on the other side of the world at the same time as it is happening . what is more , you can get the information you need in just one second by pressing the " enter " key on a computer . 
furthermore , as we all know , daily life nowadays is quite simple and an example of this is that instead of buying a piece of ice to cool drinks ( as our grandparents used to do ) we not only have a refrigerator but also a freezer in case you want it faster and colder . strange as it seems , we now have all types of machine or specialised technology to make our daily life more comfortable and less stressful . things that human beings used to do are now being done by computers and machines more efficiently and rapidly . 
on the other hand , despite the fact that technology makes things easier in our daily life , the same happens in industries and companies where they use computers and machines instead of people . as people do not get jobs because they are not needed they fall into poverty , criminal activities , becoming become isolated and have no chance of getting a good education . this is the most terrible disadvantage technology has . 
with advantages and disadvantages , technology is a fact of life and may represent an advance for some and a bad thing for others . things and technology change every day every day things and technology change our life , our jobs , our way of facing the world , this is what differences both centuries , our grandparents' changes lasted to long to change human life . 
dear sir , i would like to tell you how disappointed i am about the musical show you manage . as i had a whole week's holiday i decided to spend it in london . at first i thought i would just do a bit of sightseeing all around the city . but when one night i saw your advertisement i decided to spend my last night in the city watching a musical . no sooner had i seen who the starring actor was than i couldn't believe it . danny brook was one of my best friends while i was at university . but as the show began , i realised that the actor was someone different , his name was tim paradise . if this had been my only disappointment nothing would have happened , but i had to wait till quarter past eight to watch the show , instead of it beginning at half past seven as you had written in your advertisement . 
although i found the ticket's price much too expensive i thought that there would be some discounts available , but there were not . as a conclusion to that horrible evening i decided to visit your theatre restaurant once the show had finished , but what a surprise when i found it closed . 
for all of these reasons i have to ask you giving to give me my money back . 
sincerely:
a disappointed customer ! 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . 
it all began when i decided to take part in that school project . it consisted in having to memorise a whole book of 250 pages in order to pass a final exam . although this project could seem like very tough work , i had to try it in order to raise my low overall mark . 
one day as i was talking with my teacher about the project i saw what could be the final answer sheet to the exam on the top of his desk . suddenly , when the teacher went out of his office , i quickly copied the answers into my notebook . i couldn't believe it . that . this would be the easiest exam i would do . as i went out of the office i found pat , my best friend , walking down the corridor . as she was also doing the project i decided to let her copy the answers . i told her she mustn't talk about it to anybody . she agreed and went home very happy . when night came i couldn't believe what was happening . almost all my classmates were at the front door of my house asking me if i had the answers to the exam . i couldn't believe that my best friend had told everybody about my secret . 
on the exam day everybody answered correctly to every question every question correctly . and after having corrected all of them , our teacher told us we had to repeat the exam because he realised we knew what the answers were . 
it was the last time i trusted pat . 
dear sir , 
i am writing to complain about the musical show i saw last friday in your theatre . 
unfortunately your advertisement for it wasn't true ! 
firstly , it was written that in it would be playing be performing by danny brook danny brook would be performing in it , but in fact he wasn't . i was very disappointed when i saw someone i've never heard of . in addition to this , the time , 19 . 30 , wasn't correct . we lost we wasted our time waiting outside in the cold until the doors opened 45 minutes late . 
secondly as a student i was hoping to get a reduction discount . again , it wasn't true . when i enquired about the discounts , with the cashier , they told me that they didn't have any information about them . 
lastly , after all my disappointments when i wanted to visit your restaurant , it was closed because it was too late . i think that you are not a good manager . 
therefore , i should be grateful if you would send me back some money for all the disagreements i've had in your theatre . 
i'm looking forward to hearing from you soon . 
yours faithfully
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . pat is my best friend . we spent all our childhood together , usually driving our parents mad . as we grew up , we were getting closer and closer , sharing all our love stories and even more . i'm certain that our friendship is stronger than other people's . but i do have a problem with her . pat isn't good at keeping secrets . even worse , she is not able to keep anything to herself . for instance , i was organizing a party for my sister's birthday , asking all her . friends to keep closed their mouths their mouths closed . they all did except one: pat . last year , pat and i were driving back home and unfortunately , driving too fast , i drove through the front gate . i was wondering how to tell my parents and i asked pat if she could keep it secret till i found the way to tell them . of course , the following day all my family had heard my odd story . in conclusion to this , why do i still get on with her . it's the fact i love her as much as my sister and i know that she can change if she must because , last week , she organized a huge party for me , without telling me . 
dear sir/ madam , 
i am writing to complain about your musical show which was performed last friday . 
i was interested in your advertisement and i booked the friday show while i was on holiday . 
however , this theatre made me disappointed from the start of the show until its finishing . 
first of all , i saw that the discounts were available , but there were not any discounts and advantages for the audience . also the show started at 20:15 delaying for more 45 minutes than the advertise mentioned . 
i could bare it by the time . moreover , the show was awful . i like danny brook and tina truelove's acting but the actors were changed without mentioning , also the restaurant was closed with the excuse that it was being repaired . in fact , the notice had been displayed since last winter . it means that the theatre have not made any efforts for the people . 
in conclusion , i was very disappointed in the whole of the show . furthermore , , i could not enjoy my holiday after the show . therefore , i would like you to refund some money . i look forward to recieving your prompt reply . 
yours faithfully , 
sun-young lee . 
fashion of the future . return to nature . 
the world is being changed rapidly by developing technology and industry . it affects us in lots of ways . one of them is in the area of fashion . 
people think that we will wear simple , practical , light clothes . for instance , we can see that kind of clothes in sci-fi films like starwars . 
however , on the other hand , there is a different idea . people like designer's clothes like armani , chanel . . and so on . they prefer new original style in order to make them look more attractive . moreover , most designers prefer to use natural material . they have used animal and fish skins , some plants and herbal things rather than chemical one . 
in my opinion , people want to wear special and original clothes to show their own characters . also countless fashions will be seen . people will prefer to use more natural than chemical things and wear more beautiful and attractive clothes . 
i think that showing their beauty is one of animals' basic instincts . i couldn't stand wearing a suit or kit like that which has been shown in starwars ! 
dear sir , 
i am writing to complain about a number of things . 
i went to london on holiday and to the circle theatre to see over the rainbow . however , this musical was not as good as i expected . 
first of all , the show was supposed to start at 19 . 30 , but it started at 20 . 15 . to make matters worse , instead of danny brook performing you had another actor , which was very disappointing . secondly , it says in your advertisement that discounts would be available , despite the fact they were not . 
on top of everything , you recommended visiting the theatre restaurant after the show . however , this was closed due to lack of personnel staff . according to your brochure this would be the perfect evening out . 
considering my experience , it was not . i am expecting a full refund and compensation for the discomfort i have suffered . i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours faithfully
carley agda nilsen
fashion of the future . 
designers are improving their skills all the time . 
nowadays , there are more and more people who want to become designers and the competition is increasing . everybody wants to be the best . due to this the quality of clothes is getting better and in 100 years we will be asking for a greater variety of clothes . although , the price of clothes is increasing , people still buy them . we give other things priority so we are able to afford our clothes . 
on the whole , people nowadays do care more about their appearance and will continue to do so . 
it appears that people are more aware about clothes and also work . 
i think people in the future will begin to wear only fashionable clothes . if you feel nice in an outfit your confidence will be likely to increase and this might also help you to advance your career , something which is very important today . 
dear sir:
i am writing to let you know about the disappointing evening i had seeing your show with the worst services i have ever experienced . 
first of all , on the ticket it says that the actor was danny brook and really he was not . in the show appears a different actor a different actor appears in the show , so i was very disappointed . 
then , on the ticket it says that the show starts at 19 . 30 and , i don't know why , it started at 20:15 , very impolite on your part , and , also , you wasted my time . 
the other thing is that on the ticket it appears that discounts were available but when i asked about it , there were none . 
the last thing is that you invited us to visit your restaurant after the show , but it was closed because the food was not yet done . 
i thought you were a good theatre , where people can go and have a good evening alone or with somebody else , but really i am very disappointed and i want to ask for my money back . i'll never return because of the bad service you offer . 
please , let me know your answer . 
truly . 
all of us know that technology and science have affected our lives . considering my whole life i can say that modern technology has changed my daily life in many ways . 
the first thing is that it has changed my family relationship . it has , in some way , separated the family , making all of us worried about our own things . we all work separately , developing individually and forgotten forgetting we have to all talk together to know about each other's life . 
the second thing is that it has made easier my life my life easier . the communications communications communication over the world is faster than ever , so when i need something , i can have it in only a minute . it has allowed me to worry about other things in my life . 
the last thing is that technology has allowed me to have better health . it has discover discovered invented many instruments that help me to maintain my health . 
to finish , i can say technology has changed my life in good and bad ways , helping things to be easier but making me dependence dependent . 
dear sir or madam , 
i am writing to complain about your show . we had a very disappointing evening yesterday . we thought that we would like to let you know all the details of what went wrong . 
first of all , we went to the theater theatre to pick up our tickets . we were thinking we would get a discount on our tickets , because we had read this in the advertisement but they didn't discount the prices so we had to pay the full price for the show . we were ready for the show at 19 . 30 . we sat in our seats and waited for the show but it didn't start on time , it started at 20 . 15 which was a ridiculous time . we waited for 45 minutes . 
secondly , when the show started , i was looking for danny brook , because this actor was the most important reason for me to see the show . i realised that it was a different actor playing instead of danny brook . i was very disappointed . after the show we went immediately to the ticket office to ask for our money back , but they were too strict and small -minded intransigent . they just said , " we don't give money back . " 
next we wanted to eat something at the theatre restaurant , but it was again the same as the others a disappointment , because the restaurant was closed . 
finally , we had a totally miserable night at your show . you can't take this bad feeling away but you might give us our money back . this would be the first good thing for us to come from your show . 
we look forward to hearing from you . 
yours faithfully , 
mr. and mrs . smythe
people who live in the city use lots of technological stuff . they make their lifestyle much easier and faster because they need to catch up with other people . 
in the twenty-first century , things are changing very fast . if we look at family life , they have typical these times lifestyle a lifestyle which is typical of these times . children have their own televisions , computers and telephones in their room . mother and father have their own cars and mobile phones . sometimes even the children have their own mobile phone as well . full of technological tools and instruments the house the house is full of technological tools and instruments : fire alarm , burglar alarm , house temperature gauge , automatic garage door , etc . they use all of this because they want to do their work and leisure activities with these helping kits the help of these devices . 
on the other hand , they use all this too much . for example the mobile phone : people talk on it on the street , in the car , almost everywhere . some of them necessarily because they need to , some of them not . they are just wasting time on it . they don't even think how they make the communication lines busy . how many people are on the phone at the same time ? too many . 
anyway , technology is the most important thing in our life . it develops day by day . the problem is , do we really use it properly or not ? 
dear manager , 
i am writing this letter to inform you that the advertisement for the musical show appeared with wrong information . 
firstly , the actors were different from the ones in the advertisement , which was very disappointing for me . furthermore , according to the advertisement it was supposed to begin at 14 . 30 and 19 . 30 but it started at 20 . 15 . moreover , when i bought the tickets i was expecting discounts to be available , however , there were no discounts available and the tickets were more expensive than the price published in the advertisement . 
when the show ended i went to visit the theatre restaurant . i could not get in because it was closed as the restaurant's chef was not there . 
i did not have a perfect evening out and i would like to have my money back . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you as soon as possible . 
sincerely , 
how has modern technology changed your daily life ? 
technology has changed our life forever . nowadays life is much easier than in the old days . 
firstly , we can cook our meals on an electrical stove or in a microwave and it takes just a few minutes to get ready . we do not need to light a fire in order to cook as in the old days . 
secondly , doctors have found the cure for many diseases and many operations have been done in less time and in a painless way . by using special machines doctors have been able to save more lives than in the past . 
those who need to travel in order to do business with other people abroad can fly by plane and arrive at their destination safely or have their problems solved via telephone . 
to sum up , technology has been a great help to all of us . in the future , it will be able to help people even more since it has been advancing day by day . 
dear sir/madam
i am writing to make a complaint about the circle theatre . i recently went there to see the musical show " over the rainbow " . i was very disappointed to find out that most of the things said in the advertisement for the show were not true . 
for example , the advertisement said that danny brook would be the lead actor , but he was not . instead , there was this unknown actor who gave a very bad performance and had a terribly annoying voice . moreover , the play did not start at the time it was supposed to . i had to wait for forty-five minutes . all the waiting made me quite hungry , so i was expecting to have good meal at the theatre restaurant after the show . however , it was closed for cleaning . 
all these problems spoiled my evening and frustrated me , since i was expecting to see a good play , so i expect a full refund . by the way , why weren't any discounts available for the tickets , as was promised in the advertisement ? 
i look forward to hearing from you and having my money back . 
yours faithfully , 
the new modern life
modern technology and science have changed my life in many ways . easy access to information and the new ways of communicating with other people help me save time that i can spend doing whatever i want to . 
of all the recent technological advances , the one that has had the greatest impact on my life is the internet . it provides you with all the information you want . i don't watch the news on television anymore , because i can use my computer to read only the things that interest me . 
mobile phones are another thing that are making my life much easier . they allow you to talk to other people no matter where you are . this can be very useful when you have a problem that needs an immediate solution . 
all these things save me lots of time . i get to rest more and spend more time at home , and so they make me a happier person . for the next few years , we can expect many more technological advances that will continue making our lives easier . 
dear mr james , 
my name is paula and i'm one of your most recent visitors to your show " over the rainbow'' , this is also the reason for my letter . 
last week during my holiday in london , i found your advertisement in my newspaper . this looked very good to me - one of my favourite actors , the time suited me and there was a discount available for the tickets . everything was just perfect . but , suddenly the whole evening changed into something we didn't expect at all . 
the first disappointment confronted us at the main entrance ; there was no discount for our tickets available . despite this we had were still looking forward to the show and danny brook . 
you stated in your advertisement that he would come on stage , but instead of him someone else turned up . actually , this guy was not half as good as danny brook . 
the other thing was the time . the show was supposed to start at half past seven , but we had waited for 45 minutes , before the light turned off . 
till then we had been very upset about the evening and decided to go for dinner . 
finally , the restaurant which belongs to the theatre was closed . 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . 
i really do regret that i told pat about my feelings for the new girl in class , but who else can you talk to if it is not your best friend ? . 
her name is carla and she just changed school . she is so beautiful , with long legs , blond hair and a voice which makes me melt . 
i'd never been so fascinated by a girl and so i knew it must have been real love . 
luckily i could keep my secret for a couple of days but then it became urgent and i needed someone to talk to . 
pat , he was my friend , and he knew girls . i thought he would keep everything between him and me , but he disappointed me . 
he actually went to carla and told her everything . no doubt she would never ever look at me again . but she did , she asked me out . the horrible thing about this is i'm still in heaven , but going out with the wrong person , because pat mixed the people with their names . there are two carlas in my class ! 
dear sir/madam , 
i am writing to share with you some feelings i have after watching a musical show which was put on at the circle theatre last week . unfortunately my feelings are rather bad . 
i had a week's holiday in london last week , when i saw your advertisement concerning the 'over the rainbow' musical show . the advertisement looked pretty interesting and i decided to go to the theatre to watch this musical show . especially this was especially due to the fact that i wanted to see danny brook - my favourite actor . i was really disappointed when i saw a different actor . the 'theatre' did not even apologize for this change . to make things worse the show started 45 minutes later than it should have ( it started at 20:15 instead of 19:30 ) . despite my being a student and the advertisement saying that discounts were available , i was refused a half-price ticket , and the explanation 'why' wasn't sufficient . i tried to relax after the show , so i made my way to the theatre restaurant , which , according to the advertisement , ought to have been open at that time . unfortunately it was not , which made me even angrier . there was no information about why it was closed and if it would be open at all . 
the advertisement says 'your perfect evening out' . however , it was the worst evening i have had in london . i would like you to give me my money back . 
yours faithfully
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . i told her about my plans on monday . however , on friday almost half of my class knew what was going on . i was the only boy in my class who didn't have a driving licence . i wanted to tell them about this after i passed the exam . saturday morning i went to the driving centre for my first lesson . i had never driven a car before . i hoped that nobody was watching me . unfortunately , pat was there and half of my class . i felt terrible . the instructor opened the car door and asked me to sit in the driver's seat . it was the worst time i ever had . at the beginning i couldn't start the engine . then i drove very slowly very often crossing the white line on the road . i looked in the mirror and i saw how my friends were laughing . it made me crazy . i started doing stupid things: turning right instead of left and so on . 
the next day , i decided that i didn't want to go to school any more . i was afraid that everybody would comment on my first lesson . i wish i hadn't told pat about my plans . eventually , things weren't so bad . i went to school and everyone was very friendly . pat apologized to me for not keeping my secrets . at the beginning i was very angry but in the end i said that everything was o . k . 
we are good friends nowadays . however , i will never tell her my secrets . 
dear sir/madam , 
i am writing to inform you about the differences between your advertisement and the real show . i am also expecting to get some money back . 
first of all , the show started 45 minutes late . we all had to sit and wait because there was nobody to explain the reason for the delay and apologise about it . if there had been someone to do so , we could have gone out to eat something . 
then , as we were told that the show was beginning , the second shock of the evening faced us . instead of the famous actor danny brook , a very bad and disappointing actor showed up . 
watching the show plus the 45 minutes of delay made us hungry of course so we decided to eat at the theatre restaurant . as it was too late , the restaurant was closed and we starved till we got to our homes . we were also disappointed because there were no discounts ! 
( as i mentioned above ) i was very disappointed and i am asking for some money back if possible . 
pat and secrets
. . . . unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . knowing that , he decided not to see alison until the birthday party . 
everybody was given a job , and pat's job was buying the cake and the candles . the best bakery was on the other side of the town so there was no danger of him seeing alison and revealing the party . 
he went out of his house and got on his bike to go to the bakery . on his way he saw lots of places he could have bought the birthday cake but knowing that the safest one was the one which was the handy handiest for alison's house , he kept on riding . 
when he reached the bakery , he was quite relieved and he almost forgot that he had a secret to keep . after picking the best cake he was preparing to go back . he suddenly saw alison and said " do you like the cake ? it's for your birthday party " . 
after the conversation was over pat still wasn't aware of what he had done , and he didn't find out till the party took place . 
to the manager of the theatre
dear sir/madam
i am writing in order to tell you about somethings something that happened to me at the theatre . at the time i felt astonished , thinking : " how can an important theatre have problems like this ? " but , yes . 
first the star was going to be danny brook , but then another man took his place . i couldn't believe it . you can't replace danny brook , a very important artist , and put a beginner novice in his place . it was very disappointing . 
secondly , it was supposed to start at 19:30 and it started at 20:15 . yes , 45 minutes ! i want to see you in that position . what would you do ? i felt like a fool , and all the audience felt as i did . 
and well , don't talk about the discounts , because they didn't exist . more than that , the restaurant was closed because it was under repair . 
at end , i could see that the advertisement said , " your perfect evening out " . it wasn't the perfect evening . now i'm looking for a lawyer , because i want my money back , if don't well you know the end of this story . 
faithfully
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets , because one day when maria , her sister , was walking to school , a car stopped beside her and a man said , " i know who is your lover , it's peter " . 
maria spent all day thinking about who told them that . there were two possibilities : one , her best friend becca , or her sister pat . 
but the problem began to get worse because all her friends knew her secret . it was like a " chain reaction " , until maria didn't want to go to school anymore . her mother talked to her , but there was no case . she was very angry and hurt . 
one day , at her house , she listened to pat talking with a friend and maria realised that pat told had told everything , because they were talking about a secret of another friend . but there was a problem - how to say it to pat , in a good or in a bad way . she decided for the good one . 
obviously , pat first denied it , but then she accepted that she was wrong , and apologise apologised to maria . after that pat never again talked about anyone without his or her permission . 
the end . 
santiago , june 17th , 200
dear sir , 
i am writing this letter because i am very disappointed with your musical show . i recently went to london on vacation , with some friends . we were told that this was a great show , and we decided to see how it was . if the show was as good as we were told we should save our final night for it , this was going to be the end of our vacation , a great one , by the way . 
when our final day arrived , we went shopping in the morning and then we went to the hotel to change our clothes and get ready for the show . 
when we arrived , there were a lot of people , the place was beautiful , all seemed perfect . when we enter entered the place our problems began . first , there were no discounts on the tickets but that was fine . then , the show had a great delay , almost an hour ; we dealt with that too . after that they changed the principal actor , the one that replaced him was very bad , that made us really angry . but that isn't all , to complete this tragedy the restaurant was closed . 
i hope that you understand why i want my money back , or at least some of it , because this wasn't my " perfect evening out " 
how has modern technology changed my daily life ? i think that technology has changed my life and everybody everybody's life in many ways . nowadays , technology is everywhere , all over your house , your school , office or any place you can be in a city . this technology has helped to make my life easier and more exciting , but like everything it has had some negative aspect aspects . 
this technology has helped in many fields , like medicine , entertainment , work and other things , so it has obviously changed the lives of many people . 
the bad consequences that this could have are unimportant , in comparison with all the good things it has done , so let's not focus on the negative aspects of it . 
i think technology has become a part of our lives , so we have to learn how to live in this new world , which is changing as fast as computers change . this is a new era , an era for a new type of people , the future people
dear manager
i'm writing to complain about the poor administration of your theatre , because the advertisement for the show and the actual show were completely different . 
first of all , as you can see starring was danny brook and tina truelove in your advertisement but when i sat in my seat , a different actor and actress appeared . i was very disappointed because i was longing to see them , as a fan . moreover , the show didn't start in time so i had been waiting for ages . 
in addition , when i entered the theatre i couldn't have a discount in spite of being a student and i couldn't use your restaurant either after the show . at that time , it was closed because it had been being repaired . it was nonsense , wasn't it ? 
anyway , it was not " my perfect evening out " but i think that it was a kind of " contract infringement " so i would like to ask for my money back . 
i look forward to hearing from you soon
yours faithfully
how has modern technology changed our daily life ? of course , our life will be completely changed . however , we have to consider our nature and human being . 
first of all , the developed technology and science will make our life more convenient than now . all your stuff tasks will be performed by computers . for example , if you watch " the star trek " - science fiction programme on tv , you will realise that you can just say " do it " and then the computers will do it . 
however , there are some problems . if all your staffs are fulfilled by computers , we might be idler than now . moreover , we have to consider our environment . as you know , even now , science and technology are destroying our environment , for example weird temperature etc . if we don't protect our environment , our daily life will not be convenient . rather , our daily life will be deteriorated . 
to sum up , future civilization is important for us . if there is no our good nature , our daily life will be unhappy . 
dear sir/madam
i went to see ' over the rainbow ' , produced by the circle theatre circle theatre . i was really disappointed therefore i am writing a letter of complaint . 
firstly i bought the ticket because i like danny brook's acting but in the show someone was playing his part . also this person was not really good at acting . 
secondly the time on the leaflet is totally wrong . it said it would start at 19:30 . in fact it started at 20:15 . i was waiting for 45 minutes . 
thirdly the ticket was not discount and after the show i visited the theatre restaurant but it was closed because the show started late . 
finally last night was not a perfect evening . therefore i want to have my money back and i hope you will think about these problems . 
yours faithfully
i am writing an article about the fashion of the future for the international student magazine . 
fashions are always changing therefore it is really difficult to say what sort of clothes people will wear in the future . but when i hear the word future , i have an image of metallic colours so that in my imagination they are wearing metallic or brightly coloured clothes . maybe they will have more colours than now . 
however , i think the fashion will not have don't think the fashion will have big differences because i believe that fashion is in a circle . the mean of this is all our fashions come from history . for example our style at the moment comes from 70's fashion . we always repeat the fashion with adding some new fashion at that time . 
i think people will wear clothes which are metallic or bright colourful colour with mixture of history and future fashion style in the future . 
dear sir , 
on the evening i have spent spent in your theatre , i was supposed to see " over the rainbow " ( as you wrote on the flyer ) . 
however , it was not as you described ! 
first , there was a big delay with the performance . the show began 45 minutes later than expected ! 
to make matters worse , we have never had the opportunity to see danny brook because , instead , there was a different actor ! how can you explain that big mistake ? on top of everything , you told us to visit your theatre restaurant after the show . how could we visit this place if it is not open ? ! 
you wrote so persuasively that it would be our " perfect evening out " . . . 
i am really disappointed about this experience . i spent 20 - and there was not as you wrote any " discount available " . i will not make trouble but i ask you politely for my money back . 
i hope you will agree and share my disappointment . 
i am looking forward to staying in contact with you . 
sincerely yours , 
fashion of the future
the future . everybody asks what our world will look like . what about fashion in 100 years ? 
i think we have to take into consideration our environment our environment into consideration : pollution makes the atmosphere warmer and warmer . in fact , winters will be rare or will maybe even disappear . the ice will melt , the weather will be warmer . 
people won't wear warm clothes anymore and they will certainly be synthetic , because there won't be enough places to cultivate cotton and to let graze sheep sheep graze . 
community: another very important point ! electronic the electronic community takes more and more pace in our lifestyle . we will see objects become smaller . so small that i can not imagine , they will be introduced ( maybe like chips ) into our clothes . 
our feelings will be transmitted electronically through our clothes to other people . i think of an internet . " the internet on our body " . . i'm sure that is not impossible ! 
clothes will take a very important place in our future . they will be like a second skin . 
or do you think , an ice age will come ? 
dear sirs , 
i am writing to complain about your musical show , which i saw last saturday . 
according to your advertisement , one of the stars was supposed to be danny brook . however , a different actor played the role instead of him . you can imagine how upset i felt , as i really wanted to see his performance . 
to make matters worse , despite the fact that the second show of the day was scheduled to start at 7:30 p . m . , it started at 8:15 p . m . what's more , the theatre restaurant was closed , because the chef suddenly took a day off . on top of everything , although your advertisement told me that i would receive some discounts , there were no discounts available . 
i was really disappointed with your show . i expect a full refund plus compensation for my dissatisfaction and the discomfort which i suffered . i look forward to receiving your response within the next seven days . 
yours faithfully , 
these days , young people prefer wearing shabby and scruffy clothes to wearing neat and tidy clothes . 
in other words , their fashion has become more casual . i think this tendency will become more common in the future . 
in general , their parents don't like their fashion . they want their children to wear clothes neat smart smart clothes . when they were young , they judged another person by his appearance . they were also asked to wear clothes which were in accordance with the occasion . 
in my opinion , this is still correct . however , people have noticed that what is important is not their clothes but their mind . 
if someone doesn't know much about the event which he is attending , even if he wears clothes neat smart smart clothes , he doesn't look like a gentleman . 
what i want to say is that people don't mind his clothes if he has enough knowledge about what he needs . 
to sum up , people will wear clothes more freely , in the future . what is important is not their fashion but their knowledge , attitude to everything including fashion . 
dear sir or madam , 
i am writing to complain about some problems i had when i went to the circle theatre two weeks ago . 
firstly , danny brook and tina truelove were supposed to perform in the show but instead of them different actors performed - badly . 
secondly , the show should have started at 19:30 but it started late , at 20:15 . the theatre also promised discounts , which were not available , so i had to pay the full amount . 
i also wanted to visit the theatre restaurant after the show , but that was impossible because it closed at 20:30 and the show finished at 21:00
finally , i would like to ask you for 20 back as i was not satisfied with your services . i hope you pay attention to my complaints . i would not like to take legal action , as it would not be convenient for either of us , but i will if i consider it necessary . 
i will be looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours faithfully
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets but she was my best friend and i had to tell someone what had happened to me . 
so i phoned her and told her the whole story . last weekend at the local festival , which is held every year in our town , i was walking with my little sister , who is three years old . she started running and got lost . so while i was looking for her i saw the director of my school , mr smythe , stealing money from a small shop . i could not believe my eyes ! when mr smythe saw me there , he told me: " if you say a word you're going to be in serious trouble . " 
but pat could not resist the temptation to call the police . we were at school when she told me this and mr smythe went to our class and said to me , " may i talk to you ? " . at that moment i felt so nervous and terrified that i fainted . 
when i came to mr smythe was under arrest and , fortunately , this thing finished well for me . 
dear sir , 
last week i had the chance to spend time in london and this is why i decided to go to the circle theatre to see the show . 
firstly , i would like to tell you i unfortunately had a very bad evening . indeed , i was very surprised to hear when i asked for a discount that it was not possible to get one . 
in spite of that , i finally decided to get one ticket . 
the other bad point was the time when the show started , it was already 20:15 when the first star entered came on stage , but your advertisement said 19 . 30 ! 
the worst was when the actors were presented to us and the starring names were completely different to what i expected . 
finally , i didn't understand why you pushed people to visit your restaurant if you don't open it after the show ! 
this is why , for all of these good reasons , i am asking for some money back . 
i am sure you will understand my request regarding my complaint , your credibility is depending on it . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours faithfully . 
our century is a century of changes , of evolution . since the end of the 40's , which is the period when technology started to advance , nobody can say that nothing has changed . 
every day , from the morning to the evening we are completely dependent on technology . 
in fact our lifestyle is based on technology , now , if we want to stay at home without having contact with other people , we can do it , we just need a computer and a modem and that's it . 
if i want to discuss something with friends or order a pizza , i can do it as easily as i want , when i want . because of that , i think technology is improving my quality of life . 
a good example is the cellular phone . i can contact my family without any problem , i can inform my company if i have an accident in my car . 
if i compare my life now with the life of my grandparents , i think both are comparable . i say that because without knowing about the technology , it's difficult to imagine a better life , in fact , you leave with your time . even if technology is important for my quality of life , i am not able to say if that will continue to be the case in 10 years . 
dear sir , 
i am carlos gregore and during my last holiday i stayed in london for a week . it was then i read the advertisement for the show at your theatre and i decided to see it . 
unfortunately , i noticed on the advertisement a lot of inaccuracies a lot of inaccuracies on the advertisement :
an actor was changed and the public were not informed . 
the show started 45 minutes late without any valid reasons ! 
there were no discounts available like the ones in the advertisement . 
finally , the theatre restaurant was closed for the holiday ! 
at the bottom of the advertisement was written :
" your perfect evening out " but i think i had a very disappointing evening ! 
so i decided to write you this letter to complain about the inaccurate information and to ask for a refund for the price of the ticket or a part of that . i hope you read this and write to me to let me know something about my money
yours 
i think modern technology is very important in my life . i also think i am lucky , because i live in a period of technological boom . 
in the last fifty years human technologies have grown exponentially . first the conquest of space , then computers , and now the new biotechnologies have changed , and are changing , the face of the world . 
my daily life should be changed by these innovations ! in the present day , for example , a lot of people have a personal computer at home , and a very large proportion of those also have the internet , the new frontier of computer evolution . 
if i look back to the past i find that the computer is following the same route as television , the telephone and a lot of other things that now the largest part of the population have at home . 
so , in my opinion , new technology has changed , is changing and will change my daily life ; i hope that afterwards my life will be better . 
dear sir or madam , 
i am writing in order to explain to you the problems regarding the musical show i saw at your theatre . 
first of all , it was written in the advertisement for the show that the main actor would be danny brook , but a different actor played in the show . 
the show started forty-five minutes late and this really disappointed me . besides , when i bought the ticket , i found out there were not any discounts for tickets , while you wrote the contrary . moreover , i could not go to the theatre restaurant because , by the time the show had finished , it had already closed . 
definitely , it was a very disappointing evening and i would appreciate it if it is possible to have my money back . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you in the near future . 
yours faithfully , 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . she was a very pretty and kind girl , but she had this bad habit . this was her only fault . she had a lot of friends but nobody trusted her . that was why she decided to change her behaviour . she was given a chance: if she was able not to tell everybody a secret for a short time , her friends would start trusting her . the secret was about a surprise party for her best friend's birthday . as soon as the arrangements for the party started , she began to feel nervous and anxious because she wanted to tell everything to her best friend . but , as the days went by , she was surprised because she realized she was getting used to not telling secrets anymore . the day of the party arrived and pat succeeded in keeping the secret . all her friends were amazed at how she had changed and started trusting her at once . 
to the manager of the circle theatre . 
i am pinar xxx . one week ago i watched your show . i was very disappointed because i didn't find what i was expecting at your show . 
the first thing that disappoint disappointed me was the star . i expected to see danny brook because on the paper that you gave to me it was written that danny brook was coming but there was a different actor . then you wrote that it started at 19 . 30 but it started at 20:15 . you wrote that discounts were available but they were not available . you wrote " visit our restaurant after the show " so i didn't eat my supper , to eat at your restaurant , but the restaurant was closed because the show started at 20:15 and finished at 00 . 15 and the restaurant was open until 00 . 00 . finally you wrote that it would be " your perfect evening out " but after all these problems how would you expect me to have a perfect evening out ? 
after all these problems i became disappointed because it was only a week's holiday in london . if you could give me some of my money back that would be a great apology for the waste of time and my disappointness disappointment . 
unfortunately , pat wasn't good at keeping secrets . i had known that before but i thought that he might have changed . i trusted him and told him the truth . it was about marine , who was our close friend . 
the reality was that marine's parents were not her real parents , they found her in their house's garden . they tried so many things to find her family . for a year they did everything to find her family but they couldn't find them . in this one year they spent most of their time with marine and they loved her so much and they wanted to be her parents . when marine was three years old a man came to their house and said that he was marine's father and he want wanted to take her , and he added that he left marine because her mother died two days after marine's birth and the police thought marine's father did this so they put him in prison . he had nobody that he could give marine to so he left her in their garden . marine's real father wanted her back but the other couples couple didn't want to give her back because they loved marine so much . they gave a lot of money to marine's real father to keep her . after that marine's father took the money &amp; left her . the couples couple couldn't tell the truth to marine because they were afraid of losing her . 
after i told the truth pat pat the truth pat said this to marine . marine said to pat " i had known knew that because i talk to my real father every month but my parents don't know that because i am waiting for them to tell me the truth " . 
dear manager
i went to the theatre to see a musical show , " over the rainbow " , and had a very disappointing evening . 
according to your advertisement , the actor should have been danny brook , but in fact it was a different person . my ticket was for 19 . 30 , but it started very late . it started at 20:15 . when the show finished , it was too late to catch the train home . i had to take a taxi . it cost me 30 . " what a waste ! , , by the way , i didn't see any discounts on tickets . one more thing , the theatre restaurant was closed when i got went there for a drink . i don't know why . there was no note or information about that . i am not sure that i did have a perfect evening out . 
would you consider giving me my money back ? if a refund is available , that would be great . 
i look forward to hearing from you as soon as possible . 
yours sincerely
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . pat is one of my colleagues from the office . she works with me . we get on very well . she is a single mum . she always talks about her private life to me , and i thought we understood each other , because when i talked about my private life to her , she seemed very understanding . 
last week , i missed work on tuesday , so pat had to work harder because she was all alone . i appreciated her and she didn't mind . i told her the reason why i had to miss work . my son was in prison . i had to go and see him . i still don't know how it really happened to him . all i know is it is about drug smuggling , and that he is involved . i asked her not to tell anyone , because i didn't want others to know about this . i am a very private person . 
yesterday morning , i went to the toilet . i overheard two people talking about my son . i felt sorry for myself and i burst into tears . i quickly got out of the toilet . i don't remember how i finished work that day . 
nowadays , it is hard to trust people . no one is perfect . everybody makes mistakes . i decided to forgive my friend pat . 
june 17th 2000
" dear " manager of the circle theatre , 
i went to london for a week of " pure holiday " , thinking i would have some fun going to see your musical show . 
in the advertisement it was written that there would be danny brook danny brook would be there too . ( i like him very much and , frankly , i came to the theatre just to see him ) 
when i arrived i didn't get a discount ( which had been advertised ! ! ) the show was meant to start at 19:30 and i arrived early , frightened of not finding a good place to see " my hero " . 
i waited for the show to start until 20:15 ! ! ! ! is that fair ? 
i was getting angry , but , finally , the show started and i became quieter . 
but . . when i saw that the actor wasn't danny brook but a different one , i was very disappointed . 
so , after the show , i would have liked to have a good meal in the " famous theatre restaurant " ( which , of course , was closed for a free night ! ! ! ! ) 
in the end , i asked for i money back ( and payment for my horrible night ) : do you think anybody will give me something back ? ! 
i hope , that in the future , you will understand that it isn't right to write false things in an advertisement . 
thank you for your attention . 
faithfully
science and technology characterize our modern society . they have made big progress in our everyday life and they are always becoming more important for us . if you think that fifty years ago , when there weren't cars or any sort of comforts ( born just in the " industrial age " ) everything had to be done by hand or by animal labour : i think at that time life was really much harder than now ! we have to say that technological advances have given our society " their good fruits " but , at the same time , they have negative aspects too . walking on a city street , it's difficult to find parks or " green " places with trees and clean air: actually pollution , traffic and noise are the main problems of our society . i know i'm a " daughter of this technological world " and unluckily i think i couldn't live without it: it's rather strange that today there's still somebody without a phone , dishwasher , tv . . . but , sometimes i ask myself if the " ancient world " , without science , technological innovations and industries was more authentic than our one . 
dear sir/madam ! 
i'm a student from st . petersburg , and i'm studying in a drama academy . my friend &amp; came to london for an excursion . we were lucky to get tickets to the , , over the rainbow " show in your theatre . 
danny brook is my favourite actor &amp; to see him was my dream since my childhood ! it was a surprise when we were told there would be another actor . also , we expected to get a discount as students , but international students cards are not valid in your theatre ( that is very strange - even your advertisement has information about discounts ) . another problem - we were very hungry that evening because the show was postponed delayed for 45 minutes ! so we were late for our supper in the hotel and the theatre restaurant was also closed without any reasons given . 
in the advertisement it said , , your perfect evening out ! " , but it wasn't . and i think , i proved you this i proved this to you . 
i'm waiting for your answer and hope i can get my money back ! 
how has modern technology changed ( your ) my daily life ? i would call our days days of great technological progress . you can find changes everywhere . industrial wheel going faster and faster . 
i'm dealing with mobile communication - mobile phones and papers . i can see how different firms produce more &amp; more new mobile phones . they have more different functions and forms . 
it is very interesting for me how new works , their possibilities . 
my job , i think is a good way to get a profession in the future . and i hope to find a really good job in a good company . the communication business is very progressive . more and more people buying buy mobile phones , because they are very useful , you get a lot of possibilities like: using the internet , buying different goods , booking tickets , controlling your home technic and many others . mobile communication is a key to success in all professions that we have ! 
and i think that i made the right choice of profession - it is the perfect combination: a very progressive form of modern technology , and the most important thing - it is extremely interesting to me ! 
dear madam/sir , 
i'm writing to you to explain the problem that i have had in your theatre . 
i recently had a week's holiday in london , and , during my stay , i went to your theatre to see " over the rainbow " because i had seen an advertisement for this show and i was really interested in seeing it for many reasons , one of the reasons is that i love the star , danny brook . and i would like you to know that i have had a very disappointing evening , due to the differences between the advertisement and the show that i saw . 
first of all , the actor was not danny brook . 
secondly , in your advertisement the time of the show was 19:30 and in reality the show started at 20:15 and the discount was not available . 
finally , i wanted to visit your theatre restaurant after the show but it was already closed . 
so , i had a very disappointing evening and it would be very kind of you if you gave me back the money i spent . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you as soon as possible . 
yours faithfully , 
i think it is very good to have science and technology because they can really affect our lives . 
for example , 20 years ago , people who were affected by the aids virus couldn't live more than two or three years , but now with the new science , there are several therapy therapies and now people affected by this virus can live many years . 
i think you can do a lot more thing things now than before with technology . 
you can travel around the world by train , by plane or by ship and maybe one day you can fly by car . why not ? 
i hope that you will find this composition interesting . 
best regards . 
dear mr manager
with reference to the show last week , i am writing to complain about the show , which was very disappointing . 
in the advertisement , it states that the actor in this show is danny brook and tina truelove . as a result i asked my acquaintance to come with me to the show . as soon as the show started , i realised that the actor wasn't danny . 
i was very disappointed . in addition the concert didn't start on time . it was a quarter of an hour late . if i had known that the show was going to be late , i would have asked my mom to come with me , because her working day ended at eight o'clock . the restaurant was closed after the show ended . also there were no discounts available . as a result i had to pay extra for the tickets . 
in conclusion , it wasn't a perfect evening . i didn't enjoy it at all due to the inaccurate advertisement . i would like to ask for my money back . 
yours sincerely
thatt chitchee
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . as a result mallory had been arrested by the police two years ago . in addition he had to serve a life sentence . 
the story began in 1989 in new york . mallory and his partner , pat , had thought up the best plan in the world , which was to steal the diamond from the national bank . however , the only way to get into the building was at the top of the building . their plan was to cut the alarm from the top of the building . the alarm was situated at the top . so they could take their time , rather than going in through the front door . as soon as mallory stole the diamond , he ran away . unfortunately the guard saw him . by the time he got out of the building , the cops were every where everywhere but as long as mallory is alive , he won't be arrested , with his unpredictable mind . he ran into the old building , and hid a diamond in there . unfortunately , the building was a police station . 
for the attention of the circle theatre manager:
dear sir , 
i am writing to complain about your show " over the rainbow " and the conditions in which it is performed . 
i was having a week's holiday in london when i decided to go to the theatre and see a musical . i had read your advertisement in a newspaper and the show seemed very attractive to me . moreover an english friend of mine had told me that it would really be a good show as danny brook was a very good actor . 
so on saturday , june 7 , i was there for the 7:30 pm show and here are my reasons for complaining . firstly , there were no discounts available such as those stated in your advertisement , not even for students , and i had to pay for a full-price ticket . secondly , we had to wait until 8:00 pm before being able to take a seat and the show finally began at 8:15 ! 
no need to say how much i was disappointed to see that another actor was performing instead of danny brook and the actor didn't seem to have rehearsed the role very much . at the end of the show , i decided to have dinner in your theatre restaurant and i went there . . . only to find that it was closed because it was being repainted . 
to sum up , it was not the " perfect evening out ! " you advertised . so i am asking you to pay me back at least half of the ticket price for the inconvenience that was caused me . i hope that you will understand my request and reply to me in a positive way by sending me a cheque to my address in france ( see the letterhead ) . 
looking forward to receiving your reply very soon . 
yours faithfully , 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . that's what i learned from my own experience . 
we were both in the same class in high school and used to spend a lot of time together; we were actually very good friends and had no secrets from each other . 
at that time , i used to buy a lottery ticket once a week and i sometimes won small amounts . one day , while i was checking my weekly ticket , i found out that i had five numbers out of six so that i would surely get a substantial amount of money . 
i had to wait ten days before the lottery head office would give me the cheque and one week before i could learn how much i had won . but i was too excited to keep it secret so i told pat that i had won a prize for five correct numbers and had her swear not to tell anyone . 
but soon everyone in the class was looking at me smilingly and i found out that i had many unsuspected friends . . . not long after , they were asking me to buy a coffee or lunch for them; some proposed going shopping , others going to the cinema and a restaurant . well , they all seemed to be so different and behaved in such an unusual way each time they saw me that i began to think that they knew something about me . 
finally the end of the week came and i went to the lottery office to find out the amount i had won . i was very disappointed to learn that i'd only won three hundred francs because a lot of people had had five numbers like me . so i told my friend pat how much i had won and the following day at school everybody was just the same as they ever were with me . . . 
dear sir or madam , 
last saturday i went to your theatre to see the new musical show " over the rainbow " . 
it was written in the advertisement that danny brook was going to star with tina truelove , but it was not him who starred . that disappointed me and the people who just went to see him . 
and regarding the times time , the show was meant to start at 19:30 , however it started at 20:15 . therefore , people there had to wait for 45 minutes . also , it was said there would be discounts on the tickets but i had nothing like this . all the people there paid the same amount of money . after the show , i went to the restaurant in the theatre to eat something but it was closed because it was being cleaned that day . 
i had a horrible evening , just the opposite of what i expected , so i want my money back . 
yours faithfully , 
the big mistake 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . it was a big mistake to tell her a secret , especially an important one . 
it all started two years ago . rod was a happy man at that time . one day , while he was gardening , he saw an old lady being kidnapped by some strange men , who he ran after and he caught one of whom one of whom he caught . just then , the strange man took out his gun . rod jumped on him and the man killed himself with his own gun . nobody saw and nobody heard what had happened . 
rod told this to nobody , except pat , his best friend . one day , when they were arguing , pat was very anxious and told what she knew to the police . 
rod was arrested that day and was sent to prison . he was then killed by the other man who escaped that day and was caught soon afterwards . 
rod's grave is now in prison . and these lines write are written on his gravestone:
here lies the body of poor rod , 
never give your secrets away , 
this is why poor rod died . 
and everyone was surprised . 
dear sir , 
my name is furilo j . m . and last month i spent a few days in london ; i visited your theatre . 
the reason i'm writing this letter to you is that during my stay in london i felt very disappointed about your theatre . 
when i went to that theatre i was very excited because i was thinking i would see my favourite musical star , someone who actually didn't appear ; i noticed that in the show , there was someone completely different to him so i felt bad . 
moreover , this complaint is not only about the actor , whoever , the problem is that the show started too late . i arrived there at 19:00 and the show began at 20:15 . 
when i bought my tickets , i noticed i didn't get any discount like the one that was written on the folder . after the show i wanted something from the theatre's restaurant , but it was closed . 
after all the inconvenience that made me feel really mad . i think i can only forgive your theatre if you give me a refund of the money i spent there , and some more for all the problems i had . 
yours faithfully , 
technology nowadays is something everybody has on his mind . every person in the world looks to technology every day to improve the way they live their own lives . 
we young people don't remember when technology wasn't part of our daily life , but our parents , or grandparents remember it well from when they were young , and everything was made in a different way . for example our parents didn't have computers at home when they were teenagers . 
nowadays , it's very common to have a computer in your house , and when you have to do some homework , you can type it on your computer , print it and bring it to school . also you can search for new subjects on the internet . 
finally , technology is a word that we will never get out of our minds , and we don't know how , or at what speed , it will develop in the future . maybe , technology will never stop advancing and our life will never work without computers . 
manager of the circle theatre
17th june 2000
dear sir , 
i am writing this letter referring to the show " over the rainbow " you put on on the 10 of this month . 
i read your advertisement five days before , and i was really impressed by it . but , the quality of this show wasn't what you led me to believe it would be , and i feel really disappointed by it . i want to give you some details about my feelings . 
first of all , you advertised a cast including danny brook , but he wasn't there ! secondly , the show should start at 19 . 30 , and in fact it started 45 minutes late . then , i am a student , and when i bought my ticket , there weren't any discounts . finally , i had hoped that i could have dinner in the restaurant after the show , but , to make me totally disappointed , it was closed , and i had to find another restaurant at 22 . 00 . 
so you can imagine how satisfied i am by your claiming it would be a " perfect evening " . 
for all these reasons , and if you want to keep me as a customer , i would be grateful if you gave me some or all of my money back . 
looking forward to hearing from you , 
yours sincerely , 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . 
my marks weren't good enough to obtain my degree in computer science , and the exam session was finished . there was no solution way to obtain the diploma . 
you need more explanations from me to understand my motivation at the end of this story . in fact , i did this kind of study because of my interests in programming . the problem is that i can't keep calm during an exam . 
that's why i decided to hack into the teacher's computers to change all my marks . 
i never talked about this project to anyone , except my best friend pat . 
at the end of the exam session , all students and teachers meet together for a big party , to celebrate . 
during this party , pat drank too much . and when he was totally drunk , he started speaking . then , the teachers made copies of their files , and my project wasn't possible anymore . 
so congratulations everybody . and i think i will still be here next year . 
lausanne , the 20th of may 2000
dear m . smith , 
my name is marie bouchard , i come from switzerland . two weeks ago , i spent a week in your fabulous city of london with my friend . on thursday , the 3rd of may 2000 , we went to your theatre to see " over the rainbow " . unfortunately , we were really disappointed about everything in the theatre . 
firstly , we got our tickets at your ticket office just one hour before the show . we thought , as usually we do in london theatres , we could get discounts , and it's written on your advertisement . surprisingly , there were no discounts . 
secondly , the show started at 20:15 instead of 19:30 ; it's a theatre , not a concert hall ! ! ! ! 
thirdly , we were astonished by the actors , whom we know from other musicals . why did you not change the names on your advertisement ? 
in the end , the restaurant was closed because you didn't have enough staff that evening ! ! nothing was serious . we really like london , the people , the night-life but this evening was really awful . 
i have sent you a copy photocopy of our tickets . would you please return our money . in advance , thank you . 
i hope we are not the only people to be so upset , but it was the first and the last time that i come to your theatre . 
sincerely yours
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . when her best friend , scala , asked her for an idea to surprise her husband with because she was pregnant , pat put her feet in the plate foot in it just before scala's husband had the surprise . 
the problem is that pat works in neubathin , a little village . she's a secretary in an office . everybody knows everybody . 
pat and scala have been good friends for 10 years , their husbands too . 
it was a friday sunny sunny friday afternoon , scala was really excited about telling her the news . despite the fact she knew that pat couldn't keep a secret , this time she was confident that maybe she would be able to . 
just after scala told her the news , pat phoned her mother who worked in a bakery , to tell her that scala was pregnant . 
as usual , jon , scala's husband came &amp; bought the bread for the evening . pat's mum was so excited about the baby , she just said " congratulations about the new baby . " 
he was so amazed and asked her to repeat . she just remembered it ought to be a secret , and she became really embarrassed . 
when he went back to his house , his wife gave him the box with the shoes but it wasn't a surprise ! scala was angry with pat because she thought she could keep this kind of secret . 
dear sir
i am writing this letter to complain about your advertisement for the musical show " over the rainbow " , which is misleading in a number of ways . 
firstly we arrived at 19 . 15 to be in time for the show , which should have started at 19 . 30 . however , it started at 20 . 15 and we were all very disappointed . 
furthermore , it's written in your advert that danny brook is in the play and that was one of the main reasons why we went . imagine how disappointed we were when we found out that he had been replaced . 
besides , when we wanted to buy our tickets we were hoping that the discount was available . unfortunately , it wasn't and we couldn't afford buying to buy everyone a ticket . 
finally , after the show we had planned to eat dinner we had planned to eat dinner after the show at the theatre restaurant and we were very disappointed when it turned out to be closed . 
therefore , as you may understand , i'm asking for a refund . these kinds of misadventures can easily ruin your reputation . 
i look forward to hearing from you
yours sincerely , 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets and the rumours about me stealing soon reached the director's office . 
i was sent a letter in which it was written that the director wanted to meet me and my parents . sweating and afraid i waited outside the director's office the following day . i was unable to imagine what would happen to me if my parents knew what i had stolen . 
'you may enter , ' said the director . 
tears ran down my face as i admitted having stolen . i was surprised that my father didn't watch me but i soon understood that he was ignoring me . 
mother , on the other hand , looked at me and seemed both disappointed and betrayed . 
during the trip home none of us spoke . we just sat calmly waiting for this nightmare to be over . 
that evening my father said a few words: 'may this be the end of your career as a thief ; we are only ready to forgive if you promise never to start again' 
mr. manager:
the purpose of this letter is to complain about my experience with the musical " over the rainbow " , which really disappointed me . 
first of all , there were no discounts available such as were promised in the announcement advertisement so i had to pay the original price which wasn't cheap at all . 
then , i was forced to wait forty five forty-five minutes to see the show because it started at 20:75 instead of 19:30 and , when it finally started , i was really disappointed to see that the actors weren't danny and tina as it had said in the announcement advertisement . 
finally , when the show finished , i couldn't visit the theatre restaurant because it was closed for repairs . 
so , as you can see , it wasn't my perfect evening out at all . that's why i demand you send me my money back . 
your really dissatisfied customer 
how has modern technology affected my daily life ? 
since the beginning of human life , people have invented ways to make their lives easier . that is not different from now . we live surrounded by inventions which help as through the day . 
from the vehicle we use to move faster to the light bulb we use at night , we constantly depend on these inventions to be able to do the things we have to do . 
that's why modern technology is so important in our daily lives , because it helps to make our lives easier and to do what we have to do faster so then we can use our time better . 
sir manager , 
i am writing in order to complain about what you have written in the advertisement in the newspaper . 
i am disappointed because of the horrible evening i have had . i was on holiday in london and i did not have enough time to spend there , but when you said that your show was the best i decided to go . when i bought my ticket i asked for a discount and they said none was available . at first it was not a problem because if the show was going to be the best i would pay what they asked . 
i arrived at the theatre in time and the musical started later than i expected so i was getting irritable because i very much dislike lateness , but that was not all . 
when the show started the person who was acting in it was not danny brook and the replacement didn't seem to be an actor . really he was bad . afterwards i decided to go for a meal in the theatre restaurant but it was closed . so you can imagine how i felt because of the irritating evening out i had . 
i am let down by your behaviour . you wanted to cheat me , so i will be very pleased if you could give my money back . 
i am looking forward to your answer . 
yours faithfully , 
i think technology has changed my life and the way of life of almost everyone around the world . 
first of all , technology is very useful nowadays but really i dislike it because in some ways we are becoming machines too . 
since the creation of pcs , people - and me too , of course - have been doing different things . 
for example we can buy food , clothes and whatever we need by internet or by telephone . 
i can find out what is happening in different parts of the world in a few minutes . 
a very good aspect of this change is that women have more freedom to work because before we reached had the technology they had to stay at home doing housework but now we have laundries and a lot of machines like microwave ovens . 
personally i dislike computers . i don't know how to use them but i know i have to change because they help to make our lives easier . 
on the other hand what will happen to us in the future ? our lives will be managed by robots and they will replace us at work . 
so , what are we going to do ? 
something that i note about technology is that we are losing green places and there is a lot of pollution , so we have to be careful . 
dear sir or madam , 
i'm writing to complain about a musical show which i've seen recently at your theatre . there are several reasons why i wasn't satisfied with it . 
firstly , it was written in the advertisement that a famous actor , danny brook , would act in the show . despite that , a different actor starred in the performance , which was really disappointing . secondly , the beginning of the show was 45 minutes later than it was supposed to be . thirdly , no discounts were made when i was buying the tickets . lastly , the theatre restaurant was closed after the show . 
that evening wasn't my perfect one , although it was promised to be so in the advertisement . this is the main reason why i want to ask for a refund . in my opinion , this would be quite fair . 
i'm going to visit the circle theatre this sunday . i hope i'll get at least a part of the money i've paid back . 
yours faithfully , 
fashion of the future . 
over the centuries man's clothes have been changing and even developing in some ways . people wore clothes made from metal , which were rather heavy , i suppose . they wore enormous luxurious dresses , which , in my opinion , you can't feel very comfortable in . nowadays people wear more ordinary clothes . i think we can draw a conclusion: over the centuries man's clothes have been becoming less heavy and luxurious and more ordinary . 
people's clothes have been changing from armour to shorts and miniskirts . that's why i suppose that man's clothes will be becoming lighter and lighter . i think , they will be made of universal materials , which will be rather light and thin . people won't be embarrassed to show the beauty of their bodies . perhaps , clothes will be rather small . i think , that different tops and mini-skirts will become more popular . maybe , people will create something even smaller than that . 
who knows what will happen in the future ? perhaps , armour will become a craze again . 
dear sir/madam , 
i'm writing to complain about the musical show which i've recently seen at your theatre . 
i was enthusiastic about this special event . the advertisement showed two actors but i was surprised to see as the main character a different person a different person as the main character . as well as this , to my horror , the performance didn't start at 19 . 30 but forty five forty-five minutes later . in addition to this , the theatre restaurant was closed for lack of waiters . no discounts were available ! 
so , i'm sure you will understand why i'm feeling so annoyed by the whole incident . i hope you will give me back the price of my ticket ! 
i look forward to hearing from you in the near future . 
yours faithfully , 
introduction: it seems to me that modern technology has profoundly changed our daily life . the computer is everywhere and it's available for everyone . 
a useful helper : the personal computer can quickly help you in lots of situations . moreover , a variety of micro-computers are now everywhere such as in your car , on your radio and so on . 
feel good about it ! : on one side on the one hand , modern technology is extremely important , on the other hand you shouldn't abuse it . 
conclusion: i do think , however , that modern technology is essential for human beings nowadays . although the world of computers will develop day by day , i lively hope we ( human beings ) can maintain our way of seeing things . 
dear sir or madam , 
i have recently been to the circle theatre to see a musical show . it was advertised as london's newest and best musical show . however , it was a very disappointing evening for me . 
firstly , it was mentioned that there were going to be two stars but , in fact , only one actor was performing in the show . 
secondly , there was a delay with the show , which was supposed to start at 19 . 30 but it actually started at 20:15 . this really upset me as no notice was given before the show . 
thirdly , the advertisement said that discounts were available but the ticket seller said that there was no discount allowing or available . 
in addition , the advertisement mentioned that the restaurant would be open after the show but it was closed because short of cooker . 
finally , i would like to ask for my money back on the ticket due to the disappointing evening out and the misleading advertisement you have created . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you as soon as possible . 
yours faithfully , 
cook phatosub . 
nowadays , modern technology is becoming absolutely essential to our daily life . it is another important factor which affects our life , apart from money , health , food and housing . 
the reasons it is important to us are , first of all , if you think about life without computers , communication technology and transportation , we wouldn't be able to process information and data so quickly . secondly , no one could communicate on the phone through countries or even through houses as immediately quickly as nowadays . lastly , it would take people months and months to travel to the other side of the world and also the journey would be much more dangerous than travelling by plane . without all this your life would definitely change back to the same position as it were 50 or more years ago . to put it in other words , modern technology has changed our life to became more advanced in every way . 
on the other hand , the effects that it has on our daily life are not always good as sometimes the technology goes wrong and out of hand of people who control it can cause disastrous accidents , for example: plane crashes , train crashes and the explosion of nuclear bombs . if this continues to happen our life will be very miserable as accidents happen all the time . therefore , it is important to get it exactly right . 
17th june 2000
dear sir or madam , 
i am just coming back from a week's holiday in london , which has been all in all really nice . the only thing which really disappointed me was a visit to your theatre where i wanted to see the musical 'over the rainbow' , after i read the advertisement for the show . 
the things that really disappointed me were that you said danny brook and tina truelove were supposed to be the actors but they weren't , different actors played and to be honest they made the whole show very bad . also the show was supposed to start at 19 . 30 but it finally started at 20 . 15 and that is such a waste of other people's time . another thing was that you said discounts are available , which is very important for students , but no , there weren't any . also after the show your restaurant was closed because there weren't enough staff . 
to be honest that was not a great experience and i hope you will see my point . in that case i also want to ask you for my money back . i think you will understand that and i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours faithfully
t . herschel
how has modern technology changed your daily life ? 
since everyone can afford modern technology everyone's life in the more developed countries has changed completely . we can't imagine living without it anymore because we are so dependent on it . 
it starts in the morning when we are woken up by the sound of an alarm clock , then in the bathroom we have running hot water and also the whole house is warm due to central heating . then we can just go to the fridge where all the fresh food is stored ready to eat . if we then want to go to work we don't have to get our horse , no , we get the car keys and go wherever we want to . at work we have the most important thing in the world of technology , the computer . without that we couldn't do anything today . 
so in the last century our daily life has changed dramatically and we have become lazy and our life impersonal , fast and unromantic . no one can think about a life without computers or electricity . but we can't say the new technology has just done bad things in our life because otherwise we couldn't have made such progress in all the sciences and other subjects
dear sir or madam , 
i am writing to express my annoyance at your musical show , which happened to be inaccurate at the leaflet given . 
your advertisement mentioned that the famous danny brook would play in this show but disappointingly it was another , unknown actor who starred instead of him . 
another point which caused some inconveniences was the show's timetable . it began 45 minutes later than it should have . 
notwithstanding the fact that i could have expected a discount on my ticket , it occurred happened to be impossible to get one . 
although your leaflet suggested that your theatre restaurant would be open that was not the case because of a lack of available staff . 
all those inaccuracies spoilt what should have been a memorable evening so i would like to be refunded at least for the price of my ticket . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours faithfully , 
t . gens
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . of course , it was my fault . i should have known better but i had to tell someone . it was far too hard to keep it to myself . so i made a mistake and i told her . 
the day after , at school , i noticed that everyone was looking at me . i immediately knew that something was wrong so i had a word with pat . she denied having revealed my secret but she was avoiding my eyes . 
from this moment , i knew without the shadow of a doubt that my mother would know about it sooner or later . it was only a question of hours before my life would collapse . i tried to take it in my stride but i couldn't . i was terrified . 
my fear turned out to be justified . i read the hurt in her eyes . she knew . she knew that i had bought my first bra without having asked her for advice beforehand . 
17-6-00 . 
mr. smith , 
i write to you because last night , ( saturday 10 ) , i went to see the musical show that you are presenting at the circle theatre . 
i am a great fan of danny brook and went to see him in his new show , but , to my surprise , it wasn't him who played that night but another , horrible young actor . i went with my daughter , a university student , and she was supposed to get a discount on the ticket . we asked for it and we were told that there was no discount either for her or anyone else , so i had to pay the full price of the two tickets . 
furthermore , it was supposed to start at 19 . 30 p . m . and it started at 20 . 15 p . m . for reasons no one would explain to the audience . 
after the play , we went to the theatre's restaurant and we found out that it had been closed since spring 1999 ! how can you ask people to go to a closed restaurant ? 
in conclusion , i would be very grateful if you could send me my money back because , as you have seen , i didn't have the " perfect evening " you advertised . 
yours sincerely , 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . although he had promised lise that he wouldn't say a word , when he reached the school he told the secret to ann . of course , ann promised not to tell anyone , but by lunch time all the school knew that lise had stolen the literature exams . 
very soon , lise understood that it was useless to continue pretending that she knew nothing about it , and decided to make a deal with her class mates . she would give them the exam's questions and they would do all her homework for 3 weeks . 
there was no escape . it was an unfair deal , but if they wanted the questions they had to accept , and if they accepted , they couldn't tell the teachers anything , because , in fact , they were as guilty as lise . 
unfortunately , the perfect plan doesn't exist , and a teacher heard two students talking in the bathroom . the teachers started investigating and asking all the students , but it was a secret and they couldn't say a word . 
finally , the teachers asked lise and her friends . no-one said a word . 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . 
dear manager of the theatre
i'm writing just for one reason , to inform you how bad the present production is , called " over the rainbow " . 
first of all , in the description of the show , the star was mr. danny brook , and it wasn't . another thing was the time of the performance ; the show started forty-five minutes late . 
so try to imagine my situation . i had paid a lot of money and i didn't see a good show . i am really disappointed . when the play , " over the rainbow " , finished i tried to eat something , but the fact was that the theatre restaurant was closed , because your personnel were cleaning all the mess that an old dog made . 
but , the principal reason for this letter is to ask for some money back . i think that would be best for everyone , and i'd like to give you some advice ; if somebody pays you for a ticket , try to give the best you can . 
hoping to hear from you . 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . so , i'm going to tell you about my grandfather and his friend pat:
many years ago , more or less seventy years ago a young man , with an excellent capacity for thinking and inventing things , started building a big thing called a " time machine " . he worked day and night . 
every day after having dinner pat , his best friend , and my grandpa met to talk about their problems , but my grandpa never told pat about his new project . 
one month later , his work was complete , but he was afraid to test his machine , so he called pat and spoke to him about it . 
the only thing pat had to do was to choose a date , one he liked , and to press the starter button , and you know what ? he did it ! the machine worked really well . 
the fact was that pat chose to go to the year 2000 , and when he arrived , he told everyone that he was the inventor . that's why pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . 
the end . 
dear sir , 
i'm writing this letter to complain about the show which i saw at your theatre . 
during my stay in london , i read your advertisement and planned to enjoy seeing the musical show . i had expected that i would have a wonderful night . 
but it was completely different to what i had expected . i had been looking forward to seeing danny brook and tina truelove . can you imagine how disappointed i was when i saw different actors on the stage ? 
according to the advertisement the show was to start at 19:30 . however , it started at 20:15 . we had to wait for 45 minutes ! can you understand how boring it was just sitting with nothing to do ? you mention discounts , too . but no discounts were offered . in addition your theatre restaurant was closed because the chef was sick ! 
i felt so uncomfortable and the night was not perfect at all . i insist you refund all the money that i wasted in your theatre . 
yours faithfully , 
modern technology has really changed our daily life . 
for example , we don't have to wash our face with cold water even if it is a freezing morning . we can live in a clean and comfortably air-conditioned house . the housework doesn't take much time thanks to electrical equipment . and we can speak to anyone at anytime on a phone even if he or she is abroad . further , we can get a lot of information as you like at a moment with the internet . in addition , we can travel anywhere in the world in a few days . 
these are the advantages which modern technology has brought us . but i must accept that there are some disadvantages arising from technology , as well . 
the biggest disadvantage is pollution . these days , many kinds of pollution have been caused by our modern lifestyle . air pollution from cars , soil pollution from industrial waste . the sea is also polluted by oil and the chemical detergents which are used in the home . even food is polluted . all these facts mean that our modern life causes great damage to the earth . all of us must notice this fact . and we should keep our attention paid in order to save our precious earth . 
dear sir/madam , 
i am writing to complain about your advertisement which gave me wrong information . while i had a holiday in london i went to your theatre to see " over the rainbow " , but i had a very disappointing evening . 
firstly , i am a fan of danny brook so your advert attracted me but when i went there a different actor was in the musical show instead of him . i was so disappointed . 
secondly , your timetable was wrong . it said the show started at 14 . 30 but , actually , it started at 20 . 15 so we had to wait for about six hours . 
thirdly , i saw " discount available " on your advert but your staff said it was just for mondays . your advert made me misunderstand . 
finally , we visited your theatre restaurant after the show . however , it was closed because it was being decorated . 
your advert promised me a " perfect evening out " , but it was a terrible evening for me . so i want you to give me a refund . 
looking forward to hearing from you soon
yours faithfully , 
ko hyu tung
how has modern technology changed my daily life ? 
when i was young , i used to play sports such as football , basketball and tennis with my friends but , these days , i am getting used to sitting in front of the computer and watching tv . 
when i bought my computer , i wasn't interested in it but when i started studying the internet and playing games , i found it interesting . sometimes , i think i am a computer addict because whenever i come back home , my hand goes to the computer switch , automatically , even though i don't want to use the computer . i usually spend my time on playing computer games about three hours a day . 
after that , i go to the sofa to watch tv . although there aren't programmes which are interesting , i just watch tv , so my mother calls me " couch potato " . 
as a result , my health is getting worse . i know i need to excercise but it is difficult for me to start . 
modern technology has changed my daily life from physical activity to mental activity ( ? ? ) 
mr. jones:
i write this letter to inform you about the bad experience i had last week at one of the shows your are putting on . 
i receive received a paper in which i was told about a play you are putting on and of the advantages i would receive get if i went to see it . i wish that never happened had never happened . i am really disappointed , and i want to have my money back . 
first of all , on the sheet i received , it says that danny brook was one of the actors , that . that is not true , because instead of him , there was another actor , and i don't know what his name is . 
second , it says that the play would start at 19:30 , and it really actually started at 20:15 . 
third , i was told that i could get a discount , and when i was buying my ticket the lady in the kiosk told me that that discount didn't exist . after that , when the show was finished , i was going to the theatre restaurant , and a man that works there told me that it was closed , and he didn't want to give me a reason . 
you must understand that you promised me i'd have a good evening and i really didn't . 
so i suggest you give me my money back , or i will go to the police , because you lied to me and you know what that means . 
thank you . 
cry freedom - john briley
dear anna:
i write this letter to tell you about the programme that starts tomorrow , about that excellent book i have told you to read . 
this excellent book tells the story of a man of 25 years that has a little boy , his son , that lives in a very bad condition . the story shows you the life that many people have to deal with every day . it shows you how they face it and what life is , real life . 
the book is very easy to read , but if you don't have time i recommended recommend listening to the programme . i have been told that they will interview a lot of people of different part that have read the book , and who will talk about their experience . also , that they will invite a psychologist , the author of the book and maybe the president will talk so i recommend you hear listen to it . 
i hope you listen to it , because i think that if you want to become an m . p . , it will teach you a lot of things , and you will learn more about english reality . 
your friend for ever . 
london 17 june 2000
dear sir/madam , 
i recently had a week's holiday in london , so i went to the theatre to see a musical , 'over the rainbow' , at 'the circle theatre' , where you are the manager . 
i had a terrible evening , so there were a lot of faults in the event of last saturday: the first point , the show started at 20:15 ( it was late ) . the second point , the principal actor was changed . the third point was that the discount tickets were unavailable and , finally , the theatre restaurant was closed because the oven was broken and we couldn't enjoy ourselves there after the musical . 
i would be grateful if you could send me my money back because it was a horrible evening for my family and it wasn't a perfect evening out . 
i hope to have news from you as soon as possible
yours faithfully , 
juan san sebastian
science and technology have changed my everyday life . 
modern technologies modern technology is used all the time at home , at school or while working . 
when i was a child i didn't use the computer because i didn't know what it was . actually , i can work with it in my office and visiting visit some website using the new technologies such as the internet . 
the life life is more comfortable with all the new machines you can use at home , or at the office , or new technology is helpful helps us to live with all the new medical machines in the hospitals . 
the new inventions have transformed my life , so it is easier with modern technology ( the mobile , the car , the plane , the coach , the train , the medical advances and domestic appliances ) , they have created more comfortable comfort and pleasure . 
dear sir/madam , 
i am writing to complain about the musical show i went to last week . i spent a week's holiday in london and i had been looking forward to seeing a wonderful show in your theatre . however , i was completely disappointed with it . 
firstly , although i bought a ticket for 19:30 the show started at 20:15 . that would never happen in my country i must say . secondly , there were no discounts despite your claiming they were available in your advertisement . 
furthermore , your theatre restaurant was closed because the employees were on strike . on top of everything , the main actor , danny brook , did not appear in the show . the actor who appeared instead of him was terrible . 
in fact , i expect a full refund plus compensation for the dissatisfaction suffered . i trust you will give immediate attention to this letter and i look forward to receiving a satisfactory response by return of post within a week . 
yours faithfully , 
when we think about clothes in the future , we should think about the environment first . what will it be like in 2100 ? it is not pleasant to say the earth is now facing some serious problems . but it is a fact . air-pollution might become more problematic than now in the future and the destruction of the ozone-zone ozone layer could not be stopped in 100 years . 
considering these facts , we should wear clothes which can protect us from certain kinds of sun rays and air pollution . i suppose they would be like arm-suits . of course , technology will have developed enough for us to invent new material for those kinds of clothes . so we don't have to worry about how heavy they will be . we will feel as if we wore nothing . 
in conclusion , clothes in 100 years in 100 years clothes will not be as fashionable as they are now . we should consider wearing as in more practical way . 
dear sir/madam , 
i have just returned from my holiday in london . during my stay i went to see a musical show at the circle theatre and i had a very disappointing evening . 
firstly , i expected danny brook and tina truelove but i felt very angry when i saw different actors . what is more , you advertise advertised there were discounts available but there were not . 
you said that the musical show started at 19 . 30 but recently it began at 20 . 15 . i was very bored because i did not have anything to do when i was waiting for your show . 
additionally i felt very hungry and uncomfortable because your theatre restaurant was closed and you did not give us any reason why . 
you promised us a big show and a perfect evening but it was only an average show with unknown actors . 
in my opinion , you are not very respectful and responsible . i will never trust you again . i would like you to give me my money back as soon as possible . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours faithfully , 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . as i remember , i have known her for ever . she had always been my best friend and i had told her everything . we lived in the same street and we spent the weekends together . 
when i was 16 years old i fell in love with the most handsome boy in our school . paul was older than me and he played basketball . only pat knew about my lover . 
one day he invited us to his party . i was very happy and nervous . everything was great . but when pat drank some beer she told him everything about me . everybody started to laugh at me . i was angry and i ran away to the forest . 
'she was my best friend , how can she do it to me ? ' - - i was crying . when i was walking through the forest i saw a very tall man who was standing in front of me . 'my name is jon' - he whispered - 'don't be afraid' . we started to talk . this stranger was so intelligent and funny that i forgot about my troubles . we talked all night and i fell in love with him . we met again and again and now jon is my husband . maybe it was good that pat was so talkative . 
dear sir , 
i'm sorry to tell you that i'm really disappointed with your advertisement for the musical show at the circle theatre . first of all , i was really looking forward to seeing one of my favourite actors danny brook in the show , but you had a different actor , which disappointed me very much . also , the show didn't start on time , it started half an hour late . and you had written in your advert that there would be discounts available , which weren't available that evening . after the show we wanted to visit the restaurant , but it was closed because of the painting-works inside the restaurant . finally we did not have a perfect evening at all ! and because of these circumstances , i would like to have a part of my money back . 
i hope you understand my concern . 
yours
faithfully , 
brigitte beschle
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . because he likes to tease people . so , it was last summer , we were on a short trip with our class to an adventure park . we had a lot of fun . until we came to a big cave , where you could walk through . it was quite scary for me , but i said to myself , come on you can do it . i walked in first with pat and two of my friends . but suddenly , there were only pat and me left . we lost the others . so i tried not to get in a panic , but had no chance . i was so worried i would not find the way out that i started to scream and cry . first , pat started to laugh , but as he realized that i didn't stop crying , he comforted me until i calmed down . and after a while we found the way out . i asked him not to tell anybody that i cried . he said , ' sure sure , no problem' . but next day , back in the classroom , some of the students looked at me and started to laugh . after that it was all clear , pat and secrets . 
17th june 2000
dear sir ! 
i am writing this letter to you , because the show " over the rainbow " , which is london's newest and best musical show , was not . . . for me . please excuse me , but there were many mistakes and problems on the note you have made , which disappointed me very much . 
i thought that dany brook , who is my favourite actor , would perform in that show . and i was really disappointed when i saw jeremy brook on the stage . please , if you would be so kind correct this mistake . i would be grateful if you could correct too that show starts at 20 . 15 not on 19 . 30 . another thing was that there were no discounts available , and that the restaurant , which i wanted to visit after the show , was closed because of the main cook sickness . 
i would be very grateful if i could get my money back . that evening , which should have been my perfect evening out , was in fact very tiring and boring . 
apologise me for disturb . 
i am looking forward to your reply ! 
best regards ! 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . i knew that he's a very talkative person , but it was necessary because i wanted him to be the main organiser of that birthday party for tenes . it started a week before that day . pat found a great place for the party called " blue box " . i made beautiful invitation invitations for all of agatha's friends with a note : " do not tell agatha about this . this is a surprise party for her . please keep the secret ! " pat arranged a great dj and drinks . my friend and i made the perfect decorations with balloons and other party stuff . everyone told us it was breathtaking . everything was set . . . the day and hour came . everyone gathered in the disco at 21 . 00 . we were only waiting for agatha , who was expected at 22 o'clock with her boyfriend . it was so exciting ! ! ! we turned off the lights and then the door opened and i just heard " what the hell is going on ? ! ! " she entered the room , and everyone shouted happy birthday dear ! she was so touched that we started to cry . anyway the disco was great , music also . we had fun until 5 o'clock ! agatha said that it was the greatest present she could ever receive ! 
dear manager of the theatre:
i am writing a letter to complain about the musical show i saw last week when i was in london . 
i thought that i would have a great time there , but i was really disappointed with that evening . you said there would be stars such as danny brook and tina truelove , whose music is my favourite , but the musicians were actually some other people whose names i had never heard of . in the advertisement for the show , you said it would begin at 19 . 30 . actually it was delayed 45 minutes . the discounts on tickets that you mentioned did not exist . it made things worse that our visit to your theatre restaurant , which had already been closed because of a lack of customers , was cancelled . really , what a letdown ! 
i would be grateful if you could give us our money back . if i cannot get a satisfactory reply within a month i shall go to the consumer protection organisation to sue you . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours faithfully . 
how has modern technology changed our daily life ? 
our life has been affected by modern technology . five years ago , you could be proud of your 486 computer , which would only be put inside a museum as an antique now . then how has it changed our daily life ? 
i have been a music enthusiast for a long time . i used a tape player and i felt it was excellent . today , there are many choices , such as a discman ( cd player ) , md walkman and mp3 player , which are considered to be more portable and have a better sound quality . 
communication has been more conventional , we can simply make a phone call , and send e-mails or faxes instead of writing letters and waiting for a long time . in particular the improvement in the sophistication of personal computers has greatly helped the spread of information . by using the internet , you can book newspapers and magazines , and even go shopping online . 
therefore , our life has been influenced and changed by the development of technology . in conclusion , we should work hard to acquire knowledge to make the future better and better . 
dear sir or madam , 
i am writing to you to complain about my unpleasant experience of visiting your theatre on may 21st . i had dreamt about visiting the circle theatre to see danny brook's performance for a long time . as soon as i saw your advertisement in the 'tourist guide' issue 46 , i decided to go at once . 
however , all my expectations failed to come true . first of all , i found that no discounts on tickets were available although you mentioned them in your advertisement . next , the show started at 20:15 instead of 19:30 . and , finally , right before the start they announced that danny brook would not be in the show that evening . so he was replaced by another actor . after the show i was not surprised at all to learn that the theatre restaurant was closed for redecoration . 
as a whole , i have to say that i got something completely different from what i had expected to get . in connection with that i ask you to refund the money i paid for my tickets . i really hope it will not take you long to settle the matter . 
i look forward to hearing from you soon . 
yours faithfully , 
undoubtedly , modern technology has changed my daily life . and the best word i can use to describe all the changes is " drastic " . every aspect of my life is being constantly influenced by achievements of science and technology - health , work , household , interaction with other people , etc . 
among the greatest inventions of man i come across daily are the telephone , computer and automobile . at any time of the day i may contact any person in any part of the world over the phone . it takes me less than a minute to get in touch with my friend nigel living in australia - thousands of kilometres away from me . the computer , probably the must versatile invention , allows me to get access to huge informational sources through the internet , to do shopping without leaving my house , to do my work more effectively and quickly . the automobile saves me time when i'm travelling . 
all the above and many other achievements of modern technology make my life more convenient , comfortable , effective and fun . but that is not the end . scientists continue research into new technologies , such as lasers , digital technology , and genetic engineering . and i'm sure all those will set new , better standards for my way of living . 
dear sir or madam , 
i have seen the advertisement for the musical show and i realised that there were some mistakes . 
first of all , it is said that the stars are danny brook and tina truelove but the actor was not danny brook . 
the show should have started at 19 . 30 . however it started at 20 . 15 . we were kept waiting for 45 minutes . 
the tickets were sold for 10 , 15 and 20 . we were told that discounts were available but they were not . 
we were planning to go to the theatre restaurant after the show but when we got there we saw that it was closed for cleaning . 
we had expected a brilliant show but we were very disappointed . i think the people who came there should be reimbursed . 
yours faithfully , 
if we compare a person who lived a very long time ago with another one who lives now , we will see a very big difference between their clothes . 
people used to wear very different things from the clothes we wear now , we wouldn't even say that they are 'clothes' . we would probably think that these things they wore were just to cover and protect themselves . 
nowadays the aim of clothing is not just for covering and protecting ourselves . people try to look nice and clean by wearing good clothes . 
the things that people wear are changing all the time , everyone tries to be different in public and very different sorts of clothes are being created . 
the things we wear may not seem like 'clothes' to the ones who will live 100 years from now . i believe they will wear very different things . 
dear sir or madam , 
i am writing to complain about the musical show , which gave me a very disappointing evening , while i was staying in london . 
firstly , there was a different actor instead of the famous actor danny brook . that left me so disappointed . secondly , i supposed thought the show would start at 19:30 , but it started at 20:15 . it caused me to miss the train and i went back to the hotel when it was nearly midnight . another problem is i thought that discounts were available . however , there wasn't any discount . additionally , the advertisement said i could visit the theatre restaurant after the show . when i arrived , it was closed . it is so annoying that everything was changed without any notice . 
i expect to receive my money back within two days . otherwise i would like to take further action . 
yours faithfully , 
silvie . 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . i told pat everything even my secrets when we were still friendly . however , we are not friends anymore because of a secret in the past . 
it is a very long time since i was in year 7 . i told pat that my father and mother were going to separate . i told her because i wanted somebody to share my feelings . maybe it was the wrong decision to tell her . she began to share that secret with everybody , including the teachers . they tried to contact my parents . my parents were very angry when they realised what had happened . all my friends were trying to keep their distance from me . that was all because of pat . 
finally , i decided to go to another school and i will not tell any secret to anyone . 
dear manager , 
i'm writing you this letter because yesterday i went to the theatre to see the musical and i had many problems , so i demand my money back . 
first of all , when i paid my entrance fee they didn't accept my discount ticket , they told me that the ticket was fake , then i entered the theatre and i had to wait 45 minutes . the show was supposed to start at 19:30 and it started at 20:15 , " this shows a lack of respect " . 
when the show started the billing was wrong because it said that actor danny brook and tina truelove appeared and danny brook didn't act , it was another actor that nobody knew , " really this is very disappointing " . after the show i planned to go to the restaurant with my wife , but what do you think happened ? " the restaurant was closed " . 
manager , i expect that you have considered my bad experience at your theatre , so i'm asking you for my money back , because it was a very bad evening . 
sincerely , 
classmate secret unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets for his classmate . the class had organized a secret party for our friend nick who was leaving the school in 2 more weeks . it all started when pat , nick's best friend , wanted to have the party at his house . most of the class disagreed with that because the pat's house is extremely little , they started to say to him that his house was like a box . pat got very angry and sad . pat , affected by this situation , told nick all about the situation and the class secret . at first nick got angry but then he forgave him because they were friends and each of them could trust in the other . nick told the situation to the class and offered his house for the party , because it was very big , with large gardens and a big swimming pool . the day of the party everyone had fun , especially pat who at the beginning to start with was sad . 
dear sir , 
i recently spent a week in london and during my stay i went to the theatre in order to see " over the rainbow " - the musical . at first , i thought i would have a wonderful night out since i had read the advertisement for the show , however , it was misleading . 
first of all , the advertisement for the show said that danny brook was going to be on stage . however , he did not appear during the show; that disappointed me a lot . 
apart from that , the show was delayed forty-five minutes , consequently , everybody there lost control and became angry . 
another thing i would like you to know is that there were no special rates on the price of the ticket , which cost me 20 . also , the theatre restaurant had closed down before i left the show . 
finally i would like to inform you that i have never had such an unpleasant evening in my whole life . therefore , i would be very grateful if you - the manager of the theatre - could send me the money back , at least the money i spent on the ticket . 
yours faithfully
lucca calzari
unfortunately pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . he was one of my best friends , but all secrets told to him spread throughout the school in a matter of minutes . the worst was that he did it unconsciously . 
when we were at primary school , my teacher wanted to surprise tom ( a school mate ) on his 10th birthday by arranging a fancy dress party at the school . 
we had been preparing it for three days , we hired fancy dress , had a cake made by a cook and decorated the gymnasium . unfortunately , it was me who had to tell pat about the surprise . 
later , i realised it was the worst thing that could happen to me . 
on the day of the party , half an hour before it started , pat came across with a gang of boys from another course . since they were going to beat him up , he desperately told them everything he knew about the party . 
afterwards , all of them were around tim telling him what pat had confessed . 
both pat and tim were very disappointed that day . 
dear manager i am writing to you because of your new musical show " over the rainbow'' . i spent my holiday in london recently and , it is like a tradition , we went to a musical . after reading your programme i was very impressed and i was looking forward to seeing it . but firstly when we bought our tickets , we didn't get any discount , we had to pay the full price . and then the show started at 20:15 p . m . , although it was supposed to start at 19:30 p . m . , so we had to wait quite long in that crowded room . and when the show finally started , i realized that it was not danny brook acting , instead there was an unknown , not very talented actor . after the show we wanted to go to your theatre restaurant , because we were very hungry , but then we saw that it was closed , because of staff illness . i would like to ask you to give us our money back , because it was a very disappointing evening for us . yours sincerely , sara schmidt
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . we sometimes tried to throw surprise parties , but it never worked because of him . 
two weeks before his birthday he started asking us what we were going to do . that annoyed us so much that we started making something up . we told pat we couldn't have a party on his birthday , because everyone except me had something to do . of course , that wasn't true , we had actually organised a party for him with all his friends a long time ago , but he wasn't supposed to know that . 
on his birthday all our friends were at my place , waiting for pat . i had invited him to spend the evening with me . but half an hour before he should have been there he phoned me and said he was too tired to come . i couldn't change his mind although i tried everything . in the end i just told him the truth . he was very sorry that he had not wanted to come and arrived quite soon then . 
but i know now that it is always better not to lie even if it is for a good reason . 
dear sir , 
i am writing to complain about a musical show put on in your theatre . indeed , i recently spent a week's holiday in london and i went to the theatre to see " over the rainbow " . it was really a very disappointing evening . 
i was disappointed to see that danny brook , announced on your advertisement , did not act in this show . indeed , he was replaced by a different actor for this evening . additionally , the show started at 20:15 instead of 19:30 , and i had to pay the full price for my ticket as no discount was available . however , the worst was to come as it was impossible to eat something after the show . indeed , the theatre restaurant was closed because the chef was ill . 
i hope you can imagine my great disappointment . therefore , i would like to ask you to refund me my entrance fee , as this evening did not correspond to your advertisement . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely , 
science and technology have played an important role for the last twenty years and the development of modern technology has especially affected our lives . 
to take my personal example , i would be not not be able to live without some of the most recent discoveries , which make my daily life easier . for instance , i can't imagine living without using a computer to write my school work , to play a game or to order some goods on the internet . this is a new media which has changed my life , as it is a marvellous tool for communication , learning or having fun . another important change related to modern technology are credit cards . until i had one , i would often run out of cash and had to go to the bank . at the present time , thanks to my credit card , i can really buy what i want , when i want and where i want ! 
to sum up , there are many other discoveries related to modern technology which affect my daily life . however , it would take too long to list them all , and i am quite sure that you are also familiar with them as they don't change only my life , but everybody's daily life . 
dear sir/madam , 
having seen your musical show last sunday , i am writing to complain about the problems and to ask for some money back . 
firstly , concerning the actors , in your advertisement you stated that danny brook and tina truelove would perform in the musical , but in fact different actors performed . i was so disappointed ! ! 
regarding starting time and the theatre restaurant , to see the musical i had to wait about 45 minutes because it started at 20:15 . as well as this , after seeing the musical i went to the theatre restaurant , which you referred to in your advertisement , but it was closed already . i was really angry ! 
lastly , with reference to ticket prices , your theatre hadn't any discounts even for children . i had to buy an adult ticket for my child and spent more money than i had expected . 
i am sure you can imagine what i felt . it was not a perfect evening for me and my child at all ! i am also sure you can refund my money . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours faithfully , 
kwa phat sun . 
dear tae , 
how are you getting on ? i'm fine . having talked with you a couple of weeks ago , i'd like to give you some information . 
i know you are always interested in detective stories , especially agatha christie's . don't be surprised ! her best detective stories are going to be read on the radio this sunday evening at 18:00 . i'm sure you'll be pleased . you are supposed to listen to them . 
as well as this , the stories are going to be read in english . it's a good chance for you to improve your english . you cannot only listen to her best detective stories , but also learn english automatically . it will be fantastic ! 
where the stories are concerned , they will not be difficult to understand because you already know the stories and the narators are going to read clearly . what i'd like to say is you should listen to them . 
i hope you're happy to receive my letter and am looking forward to hearing from you . 
best wishes , 
kwa phat sun
dear manager , 
i write to complain about the musical show " over the rainbow " . i had a very disappointing evening because of many things . 
first the actor was a very average actor . then it starts 45 minutes late . also in the advertisement they talk about discount tickets . well they didn't accept my 20 discount ticket . why ? and finally i couldn't visit the theatre restaurant after the show , it was closed . why ? i don't know . 
also i wanted to tell you that the show was very boring . it was always the same . and it was too slow . 
because of all these things it obviously wasn't the perfect evening as it was was said in the advertisement . so i wrote this letter to ask for my money back . 
yours faithfully , 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets , because after i told her that i had a new girlfriend , all the school knew it in less than 2 hours . 
i had to explain to everybody that i formally actually don't didn't have a girlfriend . i explain explained to them that it was a good possibility , nothing else , but no one believe believed me , because pat had told them that i had an actual girlfriend . this problem with pat had a lot of consequences , because i had a very heavy discussion with her about it . it was so heavy that one of our teachers had to calm me down , because i was very angry with her . the teacher sent me to talk with the principal , who suspended me for discuss discussing using bad manners language with a girl . 
so i was suspended , i had a fight with one of my best friends , all because she wasn't very good at keeping secrets . 
dear sir , 
last week , i visited your theatre and i was very disappointed because i did not have a perfect evening out like your advertisement said . 
i would like to complain about four things concerning your theatre . first thing , the actor is really horrible so i recommend you change the actor because he will make an audience who visits your theatre disappoint disappoint an audience who visits your theatre . 
second thing , you should open the show on time because if the audience have to wait , they will not feel happy . but i think you know that . 
regarding the advertisement , it said tickets  10 ,  15 and  20 discounts available but when i bought the ticket , the discounts were not available
after the show i was very hungry so i went to the restaurant in the theatre but it was closed for refurbishment . that makes made me very angry and disappointed . 
to conclude , your theatre is not good like what advertisement said so i would like to ask for some money back . i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours faithfully , 
( chan suntavee ) 
nowadays , science and technology are very important to our life . the technology makes my daily life change changes my daily life a lot compare to the past . 
for example , when i was young , i used to walk to school every day but now my father has a car so i don't have to walk anymore , because my father gives me a lift every day . 
at home , i have a video game so i play it all the time and i'm very enjoyable glad that it makes my daily life happy so it's excellent but on the other hand i don't do any homework or study at all . 
another example is the computer . i don't have to watch television or read a newspaper because i can get the news by using the internet on the computer . 
to sum up , modern technology has changed my daily life in bad ways and good ways . therefore my daily life will change in bad ways or goods ways . it depends on how i use the technology . 
59 gorham drive
st albans
al1 2hw
17th june 2000
dear sir/madam
i am writing to complain about the musical show " over the rainbow " which i saw on 15th of june in your theatre . 
firstly , i wanted to see dann block performing as your advertisement already said , but there was a different actor instead of him on that evening . in addition to this , the show did not start on time , 19:30 , so i had to wait for 45 minutes . another disappointing thing was that you did not explain the reason why it was delayed until 20:15 . 
as for the ticket price , you promised to provide discount tickets , but they were not available . furthermore , when i went to the restaurant after the show , i found it was closed because its opening time was from 10:00 to 17:00 . 
i do not need to tell you , either , that i had an awful evening and you are responsible for that . so i am asking you to refund all the money . 
thanking you for your prompt attention . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you soon . 
yours faithfully
tyung kwa ( miss ) 
the revolution of information technology
i check my e-mail every day using the internet , i talk to my friends who are far away by connecting to network systems , and i take carry my mobile phone . 
in recent years , as information technology has been improved greatly , communication methods have been changed to a different way , which is not the same as before . 
a few years ago , i did not know what the internet was , how to use it and so on . but , while it has spread all over the world , i and all the other people who i have known started to use them . 
i can find out some information at home , although i do not go to the library . i am able to meet my friends quickly on the internet by just clicking the mouse . in addition to these things , i can contact anyone who i want to talk to at any convenient time in case i need him or her , or i am needed . 
it is causing some changes in me . so , now i would rather send an e-mail than a letter , and i prefer to surf the internet when i need to find something . as it has given me different kinds of communication systems , my daily life is more comfortable , relaxed and faster . 
17 may 2000
dear sir or madam , 
last week , i went to london to see the musical " over the rainbow " . i was really happy to be seeing the " best musical show " in london . but what i saw was exactly the opposite to what i expected . in other words , it was a disaster . 
maybe you could explain to me what the problems were . by problems i mean that the show started at 20 . 15 and not at 19:30 or why there were no discounts available ? but these are only little problems . the most disappointing thing was that there were different actors to those advertised who were not very good at acting . and after the show we didn't know what to do with the rest of the evening , because we actually wanted to go to the theatre restaurant after the show , but it was closed . 
it wasn't really a perfect evening as you promised on your flyer . i was very disappointed and i would like to have my money back . some people might be silly enough to pay for such a bad show . i will tell everyone i know how bad it was . 
yours faithfully , franz morell hand
how has modern technology changed your daily life ? 
unfortunately , modern technology has made life for many people easier . if you think about the early days , when no cars were on the roads and no one had an opportunity to fly to another country for a holiday , people had to walk or go by horse and ship . today , everyone has the opportunity to just get into a car and drive wherever they want to . modern technology also allows you to go onto the internet to get any information you need . production is much faster and cheaper than before , because you don't have to pay for the workers anymore . everything is controlled and produced by machines . this is also a very big disadvantage because many people are losing their jobs . the only and simple advantage of modern technology is just taking the work from us so we don't have to do anything anymore . another disadvantage is that everyone becomes a bit more lonely because they watch tv or play or work on the computer and don't see each other anymore because they don't have to . you never get bored . 
santigo , june 17th , 2000
mr. manager of the circle theatre , 
while i was staying in london , i went to see one of your musical shows , " over the rainbow " , because i had read the ad in the newspaper , and i thought it would be an interesting experience . let me tell you now how everything really was . 
one of the reasons i went to see that particular show was the starring actor , announced in the ad to be danny brook , but when the show actually started , after forty-five minutes' delay , i realized that danny brook was not in the play . the ad also mentioned discounts , but that wasn't true either . after the play , which turned out to be just as bad as i thought , i wanted to relax in the theatre restaurant , but it was closed , and for no reason ! 
it is for these reasons that i expect a full refund of the ticket price . it is my right as a paying customer to get what i have paid for . looking forward to hearing from you . 
we can hardly imagine life without computers , tv sets , microwaves , and so many other things , and yet none of these things existed seventy years ago . i think that the life we live is easier than the life our parents lived , thanks to technology . we can do things our grandparents could only dream of . the internet , i think , is one of the most important inventions in the history of humanity . my life has not been affected or changed by technology , because when i was born , most of the things that i use in my daily life already existed . but technology is becoming more and more complicated , and new things are invented every day , so i think that our lives will be completely different in forty years . and , since all these new things only make our lives easier , technology is welcome . 
dear sir
as i thought your advertisement was interesting , i went there but it was not as good as it should be . first of all , the actor was not danny brook as you wrote . secondly , it ought to start at 19:30 but it really started at 20:30 . according to the advertisement , discounts would be available . in fact , i had to pay the full price , which cost me 15 . after the show i intended to visit the theatre restaurant but it was closed because , though you knew that the show started late , the restaurant had closed before the show finished . 
as i have informed you of all the facts , i think the show was not worth the money i paid , so i want a refund of 15 . 
i look forward to hearing from you as soon as possible . 
yours faithfully
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . the story begins when jan , who was pat's best friend , told pat that she saw tim when he was cheating in the exam . the next day , pat told everybody what she had heard from jan , so when the news came to the teachers' ears , the teachers decided to give tim a grade f in that subject and tell his parents ! ! 
tim , who was the most powerful bully , was punished by his parents and of course by the teachers . he was furious with jan , so what happened was jan was bullied but not because of her fault . it was pat's . 
actually , i think it was right to tell the teachers but not in pat's way . it would have been better for both pat and jan if they had told the teachers privately and secretly because tim wouldn't have known who had told the teachers . 
now , jan is still being bullied nearly every day . her parents have been so upset that they have asked the school to help their child and that is the reason why i'm writing this story . if all of us try to help her , i'm sure that we can make her school life better . 
dear sir/madam
i visited your theatre and i was very disappointed for a number of reasons . 
i've read your advertisement and the reality was different to what was written there . 
there was no danny brook but instead of him there was a different actor and i'm very disappointed about that because i'm a fan of his . the show started much later , 45 minutes later than it should have so i was late for the bus . there were no discounts available so i overspent . the theatre restaurant was closed for no reason available apparent to me . 
it was a really bad evening and because of that could you possibly give me my money back ? because it was just a waste of money going to your show . 
yours faithfully
vaisili solatov
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . but when i came to this school a few months ago i didn't know this . we are in the same maths set so i met him rather soon . he was one of the first people who i got to know . after a few days he was already my best friend . everything was going perfectly before last month when i met a girl from the other school . her name was marine . i saw her as a perfect girl with whom i had fallen in love . so one day she invited me to come to her house at night and to do so i had to run away from our boarding house and that was illegal . i had decided to go . so i woke up at 2 o'clock in the morning and climbed out of the window . unfortunately for me pat at the time was going to the toilet and saw me . so i asked him to keep it a secret . i came back at 6 o'clock in the morning and went to sleep again . next day my best friend went to the headmaster and told him about me so he put me on suspension . 
17 june , 2000
dear sir or madam , 
i visited your theatre a couple of days ago in order to see the musical show titled 'over the rainbow' . i was not satisfied with the show at all because it was very different from the description your advertisement had given . 
first , i expected to see danny brook but a different actor appeared without any explanation being given . secondly , although the show started at 20:15 , your theatre restaurant closed at the usual time and i was not able to eat dinner . i had planned to have dinner there after the show . what is worse , the ticket price was not reduced despite the fact that i showed my student id . visiting your theatre should have been the most pleasant event during my holiday in london . i do hope you will understand my feelings and send me some of my money back . 
faithfully yours , 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . i had known that but i told her my secret , which was a big mistake . 
it was just an ordinary day . somehow i felt like sharing my secret with her and told her that the new pop singer who was very popular among girls was my cousin . pat was very surprised but soon she began asking me lots of questions about him . i didn't mind telling her about my cousin . actually he isn't different from other boys at all . he just is is just sweet-looking . the next day , i went to school as usual and was agog at the large number of girls waiting for me around my locker . they all seemed to want to be my best friend , and only pat seemed to be happy to be my best friend . 
now i'm asking my cousin either to meet my friends , or to quit being a singer right now . 
dear sir or madam , 
i am writing this letter to you to complain about your circle theatre . 
first of all , i must say that " over the rainbow " is not london's newest and best musical show , for many reasons:
in your advertisement i read the times of the performances , they were 14 . 30 and 10 . 30 , however , it started at 20 . 15 ! so i was doing nothing for a long time and i don't like to waste my time , and what about danny brook and tina truelove ? where were they last weekend ? the last last weekend at the theatre there was a different actor who was disappointing . to make the evening worse the tickets were no discounts available there were no discounts available on the tickets , and the theatre restaurant was closed after the show because it was so late when the show was over . 
i want my money back . if you don't give it back to me , i intend to write to the press and tell everything , and of course i won't be the only one . i am so furious because when i asked for my money back that day , the sir wasn't able to give it back because he would be sacked . 
yours faithfully , 
the secret lover
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets and he usually made up some extra information . 
one day we decided to write a special letter to pat; in the letter we told him that we fell had fallen in love , we were a beautiful girl with long hair and green eyes ( like the women pat likes ) . the only problem was that the girl was too shy to speak to him , she wanted to keep her name a secret , and if pat told someone something about the letter , she wouldn't say who she was . 
poor pat , he was so happy because a girl loved him and so nervous at the same time , even biting his nails . as i said at the beginning pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets so he told us that he had a love letter but we couldn't read it . three days later we sent him another letter , and pat told us again but we said , " oh pat , don't tell us that lie again " , so pat got furious and showed us the letter . we laughed and explained to him that we were the ones who wrote the letters , and made him promise that when he gets a secret lover , a real one , he won't tell anyone because if he does he won't meet her . 
dear sir , 
i am writing to explain some aspects of your show . it was a disaster and i am going to tell you why . 
i went to see my favourite actor , danny brook , but i had a bad surprise; he was not in the show ! how could you change the actors without saying something to the audience . 
the show was supposed to start at half past seven and started at quarter past eight . forty-five minutes late ! it was incredible . 
apart from that , the advertisement mentioned that there were discounts available , and there were not . it mentioned that visitors could visit the restaurant after the show , too , and we could not because it was closed , and the person who was there said that it was very late and he was not allowed to open the restaurant for us . 
i am very disappointed , and if it is possible , i want you to return my money . 
i hope that the next time you will put on a better show than the last one . 
yours faithfully , 
technology affects me a lot , maybe more than science , because my daily life is full of objects using high technology , such us television , radio , transport , etc . 
but it has advantages as well as disadvantages . 
on the positive side , if i am bored , the first thing that i want to do is watch television or listen to music . and if i want to go shopping or to another city , it is necessary to use the car or public transport . 
on the other hand there are disadvantages , too . firstly , the environment is polluted because of technology , although this is our fault . secondly for us there are disadvantages because pollution affects us indirectly , and because i don't do anything but watch television , and it isn't very good at all . 
and finally , because i spend a lot of money buying games for the computer , which it's a very good technology , too . 
to sum up , technology is the best thing in the world , apart from t . v . 
dear sir , madam , 
i am writing to complain about your service . last sunday i went to the circle theatre . i watched a musical show which was called 'over the rainbow' . i was very disappointed with it , because there were other actors to those advertised who played very badly . i don't understand why you changed them . i hoped to see danny brook and tina truelove as was advertised in an advertisement . 
you were meant to start the show at 19 . 30 p . m . but you started very late at 20 . 15 p . m without any explanation to the audience . 
why did you put in the advertisement 'discounts available' ? they wasn't weren't ! ! ! all tickets were sold at the original price . 
after the show many people wanted go to your theatre restaurant , but it was closed because there someone has fixed something someone has fixed something there . 
i had a very disappointing evening so i would like to ask for my money back . i got the ticket for 20 . 
i am hearing to looking forward looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours faithfully , 
ilya v . 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . i knew that but i needed someone who could understand and support me at that moment . i told her about my pregnancy because she has a friend who works in a hospital as a doctor . i asked her for help and she promised me she would do everything that she could and keep my secret . pat gave some advice for me gave me some advice and i decided to have an operation . 
within a week my classmates and teachers started to talking to talk about me . i understood knew who had told my secret to everyone . i got a bit depressed but my parents supported me . we had a long conversation . they stopped me doing having the operation . 
i was 15 years old then . now i am 16 and i have got a nice baby boy . my family love him very much and support us . i still go to school and i plan to go to college next year . 
i would like to tell everyone - don't be naive when you share with someone your big secret or problem your big secret or problem with someone . first tell your parents . i am sure it is the best way . of course secrets can be different . . . 
mr. manager , 
in this uncomfortable situation i am writing to tell you about some irritable irritating problems . i went today to see over the rainbow , and i am very disappointed with the organisation of your theatre . 
first of all , when i went to buy my tickets i discovered that the advertisement was saying false things because there wasn't any discount available , but i bought the ticket anyway . 
then , the time stated as the beginning of the show was 19:30 and unfortunately it began at 20:15 . 
i have already seen other versions of this musical and danny brook is a bad actor , who ended with the musical . 
closing these facts , when the musical finished i was very , after waiting for the start of the musical and i was disappointed with this version of over the rainbow . everybody went to the restaurant , which was closed without any explanation . 
i am very disappointed with this evening and with this disorganised way of dealing with problems so i am asking for my money back . 
yours faithfully
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . he has a best friend , who was more like a brother to him . they always did things together , and they were the most popular boys in school . both were very handsome , played football ; they were an example for everybody . that was before the day when pat discovered that his brother was gay . after that their relationship changed . pat was very frightened by this situation . 
pat and ted always had competition , and ted used to be the best . he had never failed and people in general customs liked ted more . i don't know why . 
this secret was an opportunity for pat to be the best without any competition but it was a secret that involved his best friend's sexuality , and if ted had been a normal person it would have been fine but he was an example for all the school . 
unable to keep a secret he told everyone , ended his friendship with ted . now ted is rejected by everyone , no one talks to him and pat is the example , but without his best friend and his honesty . 
i would prefer to be nothing than to be like pat
dear manager , 
my name is german schmidt and last week i went to your theatre to see the musical show " over the rainbow " . there were some problems we have to speak about . 
first , the actor was not danny brook , there was a different actor , who i don't know . in the advertisement for the show it was written that the musical would start at 19:30 , but it started at 20:15 . 
after the show i wanted to spend some time in your theatre restaurant but it was not open , because all of your cooks and waiters are on holiday . 
and this was not a perfect evening and your theatre was very expensive for me . i've paid i paid  160 for eight people and there were no discounts available . 
in my opinion you have to give some money back to me . i think 50% ( 80 ) is enough . 
if you don't give me any money back , i will go to the newspaper . 
faithfully
first i will say that our level of technology at the present time is very high but in the future it will be higher . 
with the help of some modern technology our daily lives would not be so difficult . 
one example in my life is home banking . with the help of my home computer i can do all kinds of things , with money , with my bank . some years ago i had to go to the bank . the new way is very easy and faster and i can spend my time on other things . another example is the modern technology in my car . because of modern technology , the safety level of my car is very high . 
finally i would say that none of us can live without modern technology , because modern technology is essential for us in all parts of our lives . 
dear sir , 
i'm sorry to say this , but your musical show was very disappointing to me . i was very disappointed . a lot of things that you wrote in the advertisement are not true . 
you write wrote that the actor was going to be danny brook but he wasn't there . a different actor was playing performing and this was very disappointing to everyone . 
also the show did not start at half past seven as it said but at eight fifteen . everyone get bored waiting for the show to start . 
about the discount that we were going to have , why didn't we get it ? 
i am also wondering why you told us to visit your theatre restaurant after the show , as it was closed . after the show everyone ran to get a good seat in the restaurant but everyone was disappointed when they saw the sign which said " closed for today " . 
that evening wasn't perfect and i have to say that i want my money back because the show was a disaster . i'm really sorry to say this but it is the truth . 
i hope that you will not make such mistakes again . 
yours faithfully 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . pat is a friend of mine and we have been friends for almost a year . she is a very good girl and she can deal with every problem she has . 
it was saturday when i called her and asked her to go for a walk in the park , which was not very far away from our houses . i had never told her a secret before but this time i was going to tell her . the secret was about our friend maria who was very kind to everyone . i told her that i had heard that maria had concern . pat told me that she would not tell that to anyone but the other day i learnt that all the school knew about maria . 
i was sure that it was pat who told everyone . after that i had an argument with pat and then she told me that she told only one person . i was very sad about what pat had done and i didn't speak to her for a long time . 
but now we are friends again but i will never tell her a secret again in my whole life . 
dear sir or madam , 
i write you this letter to complain about your musical show . first of all , the show began three quarters of an hour late: it started at quarter past eight instead of half past seven , which of course was very annoying . 
i went to your show to see mr. danny brook , who was supposed to play the main character , but he didn't appear . he had been replaced by a really bad actor , of whom i don't even know the name . i was very disappointed with that change , because mr. brook is one of my favourite actors . 
there were supposed to be discounts for the tickets , which appeared to be wrong too . i had to pay the full price for them , which was quite expensive . 
my wife and i had decided to eat at the theatre restaurant after the play . it turned out to be impossible: the restaurant was closed and we didn't even receive an explanation therefore . 
i had a really bad evening and would like to ask you for my money back . 
waiting for your reply
yours faithfully
pierre gaussier
in my opinion modern technology has changed my life a lot . first of all , if computers hadn't been invented , i wouldn't spend half of the day in front of one ! i use my computer for many things , such as homework , games , digital video or the internet . 
the development of portable communication systems , such as mobile phones , has greatly changed our way of life . it is now possible to talk to a friend almost everywhere and anytime , even if we are two thousand kilometres away from each other . 
precision industry has changed my life a lot too . i practise go scuba diving during the weekends and holidays . that wouldn't have been possible a century ago , because all our equipment , such as diving computers , tanks or regulators , didn't exist at that time . 
i think that we live easier now ( thanks to modern medicine ) and that our lives will get easier with time . 
dear manager , 
i'm writing this letter to you because i had a very disappointing evening at your theatre and i would like to explain what the problems were . 
firstly , i read in the advertisement that the actor would be danny brook , and this is one of the reasons why i went to the theatre . but i had a big surprise when i saw that it was a different actor , and i was very disappointed . 
secondly , according to the article the times were 14:30 and 19:30 . i preferred to go at 19:30 because it is better at night and it wouldn't finish late , but the show started at 20:15 and we got bored waiting for it to start . 
another reason why i was disappointed was that you said there would be a discount available but there wasn't . 
finally , i was planning to visit your theatre restaurant after the show but it was closed because a machine was broken . this was very disappointing . 
as you can see , there were many problems with the theatre and i would like to ask for some money back as compensation . 
yours faithfully , 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . the next morning at school everybody was looking at me in a strange way . nobody was talking to me except the ten people who i invited to my party . 
at first i didn't know why but after a few seconds i realised that telling pat about my party wasn't a good idea . i was very angry with her . i didn't know what to do , i was afraid that i had lost all my friends . 
after a few seconds of thought i went straight to pat . " why , why did you do that ? " i said . she looked as if she didn't want to talk to me . i ignored her , i couldn't do anything now . everybody knew about my party and i had invited only ten people . i was confused . i wondered why i made the mistake of inviting pat . i guess i didn't know that she would have told people . 
after much confusion , i decided not to have a party for my birthday so i could have get all my friends back . and that's what i exactly exactly what i did even though i was alone on my birthday . it was much more important to me to get all my friends back . 
from this experience i learnt that there are a few friends who are real friends whom you can trust . 
dear sir or madam 
i am writing this letter to complain about how terrible the show performed in your theatre was . 
i was interested in the advertisement for the musical show so i went to the theatre to see it two weeks ago . however , i cannot help saying that it was really a nightmare . 
firstly , you advertised that danny brook , who is my favourite , is the lead but there was another actor instead of him . furthermore , his performance was really poor . 
secondly , it started at 20:15 which was 45 minutes later than on time and there was no discount for the ticket , which is different from the advertisement . 
thirdly , the only restaurant in your theatre was closed because of renovations . 
as a result , i had a totally disappointing evening during my holiday . so , i hope that i will have my money back . i will look forward to your reply . 
yours faithfully , 
tyung , suriphat
it is certainly true that modern technology has been changing our life a lot these days . but how does it affect my daily life ? i get up in the morning with the soft sound of a radio programme , not the sound of an alarm clock and eat my breakfast watching tv news . on the bus or even on the tube , i can talk with a friend via a mobile phone when i feel boring bored . sometimes i even play some games on it . in accordance with study or work , i use the internet , which is the easiest way to get information from all around the world . furthermore , i can write a letter to my friend who is abroad in such a short time . without it , it would take more than one week . after comming home , i can make myself relaxed with the smooth sound of classical music from the hi-fi . in conclusion , modern technology affects a lot my daily life my daily life a lot as well as the whole society . and in my opinion the extent of its affect on human life will be more than this in the future . 
dear manager , 
during my stay in london , i visited all the most famous places and i enjoyed myself a lot during these days . 
i love london's musicals and i read the advertisement for the show called " over the rainbow " . 
i've gone to many musicals where the main actor was danny brook and i can say that he is really good . 
it was my last night in london and i decided to go to this show . when i asked for the price i was surprised because the assistant told me there wasn't any discount available . i showed the advertisement to him and he said it was wrong and i paid the normal price . 
i bought the ticket for the second performance and i went to the theatre at seven o'clock . i had been waiting half an hour outside the theatre when finally it started at a quarter past eight . 
i was angry about all of these problems but i was disappointed when i realised the advertisement was wrong about the actor's name . 
when the show finished i went to the theatre's restaurant and it was closed because it was too late , so i couldn't have dinner there , as was promised in the advertisement . 
it wasn't a good evening and i would like to have my money back . 
waiting for your answer . 
modern technology has changed my daily life and i'll try to explain how . 
we have been using personal computers for nine years and it's one of the most important changes . 
last year i spent ten hours looking for information for my homework . the subject was " what's happening in irak ? " i started my research in the town's library and all the information i collected was from a local newspaper . after two hours i thought that all of this information was written from a foreign point of view and it wasn't the native opinion . 
i used my computer to collect reports from the internet and i can promise i found so much information that i couldn't analyse it in two weeks . 
the internet has changed our daily life: you can find whatever you want . do you want to have a different lunch ? do you want to organize a different holiday to a strange place ? you can find all you need there and more ! 
i can't imagine my parents playing in the street , without watching the tv . i couldn't live without modern music . i'm not interested in films without special effects . . 
and what about mobile telephones ? changes won't stop coming : the wap technology ( you'll buy a cake from a vending machine without any coins , only one call ) , digital tv , virtual reality and more . . . 
dear sir , 
i am writing to complain about the musical show " over the rainbow " i went to see at your theatre in london two weeks ago . 
according to your advertisement , danny brook was involved in the show , but to my disappointment there was a different actor . to make things worse , the show started at 20 . 15 instead of 19 . 30 . also , there was a problem with tickets . according to the advertisement , discounts were available , but in reality that wasn't so ! on top of everything , when i decided to visit your theatre restaurant after the show , it turned out to be closed . when i insisted on an explanation , i was told that the chief cook was on holiday ! 
the perfect evening out you promised to provide turned out to be really boring and disappointing . consequently i think you should give me some money back . i hope you will make note of this and i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours faithfully , 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . pat was my classmate and i should add that he was one of my best friends . i loved and respected him very much , but there was an unpleasant thing about him - he talked too much . 
my sister's birthday was coming . her friends and i decided to present her with the thing she had been dreaming of for a long time - a puppy . we knew it would be a great present and she would be extremely happy . but the most important thing was that it would be really surprising for her , because she could hardly expect such a present . 
we bought a beautiful puppy and were waiting for the party probably even more impatiently than susie . but unfortunately pat didn't manage to keep our secret . he told her about the present as soon as he saw her . i'm sure he did it not because he wanted to spoil everything , but because he was so happy and excited that he couldn't act in a different way . susie liked the puppy very much , her eyes were shining , but her friends were a little bit sad and disappointed , because they were expecting a completely different ending . 
dear sir or madam , 
i am writing to complain about the musical show " over the rainbow " , which i saw in your theatre on the 5th of june . i have been very disappointed by the quality of the show and the lies in your advertisement . 
firstly , i was looking forward to seeing danny brook , as written in the advertisement , but his part was played by another actor , without any information or explanation being given by the management . secondly , i couldn't get a discount with my student card and the show started 45 minutes late . in addition , the theatre restaurant , where we had planned to eat , was closed because the cook was ill . 
i am therefore asking for a complete refund of my ticket and i hope you will improve the quality of your services in the future . 
yours faithfully
h . coulez
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . the poor boy was only 5 years old and at this age it's very difficult to keep your mouth shut knowing an important secret . so when he heard by chance that my parents were planning to give me a trip to san fansisco as a present for my birthday , my little brother ran into my bedroom where i was studying and whispered the wonderful news in my ear . i knew they wanted to send me to america because they didn't want me to spend the summer with my boyfriend fred , whom they didn't appreciate . but fred booked a seat on a plane to san fransisco and that's why , even if i didn't look delighted when my mum gave me my ticket for america , i had been looking forward to going with fred for one month already . 
dear sir/madam
i am writing to express how dissatisfied i was with over the rainbow , which was put on by the circle theatre . 
first of all , the reason why i bought the ticket was danny brook , who is my favourite star , and was going to appear in the show . however , there was a different actor instead of him , and this was most my disappointment . 
moreover , as your advertisement , we would get a discount price for the ticket , but it was not available . 
although the show was supposed to start at 19 . 30 , it started at 20 . 15 , so i had to wait for an hour . 
to make matters worse , because of the late start , the theatre restaurant had already closed when the show finished . 
i wonder if you could give me a refund , because the show was very different from what i expected . 
i hope you will take immediate action on this . i look forward to hearing from you in the future . 
yours faithfully 
our daily life with modern technology
science and technology are necessary for our life . i could say that we cannot survive without them . 
nowadays , technology , especially computer technology , is improving , therefore , we can get all kinds of information as much as we require . it is getting more convenient and useful than our past life . furthermore , it is possible to treat many patients who have serious disease diseases more effectively , if we use modern technology in medical science . 
however , if we rely on modern technology too much , it is difficult to be independent , because we will tend not to consider or solve a problem by ourselves . 
in my opinion , it is great that science and technology improve our life . because of convenience , we can use our time more effectively , but we should not rely on these things too much . 
dear sir
last week i attended the musical " over the rainbow " , and i am writing in order to complain about things that really disappointed me . 
first of all , i want to say that in the play there appeared a different actor to the one advertised , despite the fact that in the advertisement appeared the name danny brook the name danny brook appeared in the advertisement ; that actor was very bad . 
another thing i want to add is that the musical started 45 minutes late . it was meant to start at 19 . 30 and it really started at 20:15 . during this time we had to keep seated in the theatre and it was boring and tiring . 
thirdly , when i bought the tickets , i asked for discounts and nobody knew anything about them , so it is false to say there are discounts available . 
however , we enjoyed the musical , but while going to have dinner , we saw the restaurant was closed and we had to get the car and come back home very hungry . 
it was a very disappointing evening and i hope you will give us some money back . 
i am waiting for your answer . 
yours sincerely
hello . i'm robert and i'm writing an article about clothes in the future . in my opinion , in a hundred years we'll wear the same kind of clothes that we wear nowadays . what will change with clothes will be the comfort of them how comfortable they are and the way they protect us and our bodies from temperature and physical aggressions attacks . i think they will cool us in the summer and make us warmer in the winter . clothes will be more personalized and they'll make us feel better and more free . wearing them we'll be able to dive underwater at high pressure , and we'll have freedom of movement . technology will play a part in clothes' development , scientists will find a way to reduce the weight of clothes and they will become very light and comfortable , so i want to be in the future to enjoy the clothes . i hope i win the trip ! 
sir/madam , 
i am writing this letter to inform you i had a very disappointing evening at your musical show " over the rainbow " at the circle theatre where you are the director . 
first of all , the actor was supposed to be danny brook . he is my favourite actor and the most important reason i went to your theatre . but at the last minute , without telling us anything , there was a different actor . this was very disappointing . 
secondly , your famous restaurant was closed . that was very unpleasant because i had planned a romantic dinner with my wife . if you had told me your restaurant was going to be closed , i would have made a reservation somewhere else , but you didn't . 
and finally the play started with a delay of forty-five minutes and there were no discounts available . neither thing agrees with what i read in your advertisement . 
for all of these reasons , i hope you can give me my money back . 
yours sincerely , 
manuel almodar
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . but i didn't know that when i told her i was thinking of leaving home . 
this was a very difficult decision but i had to take it because of my personal situation , all the time shouting and fighting with all my family . 
as my girlfriend lived alone i could have stayed with her or just have gone on travelling around the world . i was thinking a lot about this problem and how to solve it so i needed someone to talk to and pat had always been my best friend . 
but it was a big mistake because she told her mother about it and i don't know how but now my mother knows about it , and she is very worried about me and my future . and my father thinks a year travelling and living by myself will be very good for me . 
finally , my parents are all the time arguing arguing all the time about different solutions to my problem , and this all thanks to pat . 
dear mr brown , 
i'm writing this letter to you to make a complaint about the " over the rainbow " musical show musical show " over the rainbow " which i saw yesterday . i have to say that i'm very disappointed with what i saw because after seeing your advertisement i expected more . the show was entirely different to what it says in the advertisement . 
i arrived at the theatre at 19:30 , found my seat and waited for forty-five minutes , with two hundred other people , for the show to start . 
when it finally started i noticed that the famous actor danny brook had been replaced by someone who was not as good as him . danny brook was the reason that most people came to see the show . after some time , a few of them started to leave the theatre . i was a little more patient so i stayed to watch the whole show , which by the way was the worst i have ever seen . i don't know why i paid 20 with no discount , which the advertisements said i would have . then i thought that i should go to the theatre restaurant to have a drink or eat something so that i couldn't say that i had wasted my time by coming here . i became furious when i saw that it was closed because there weren't any employees to do the work . 
so , i went home as fast as i could to write you this letter . i don't care what you do about the theatre but i want my money back because this wasn't the perfect evening out you promised it would be . 
for the last forty years , technology has been growing very fast . first it was used only by the military or by scientists but for the last twenty years modern technology has been found in any house , rich or poor , and it helps people do hard work . 
most houses have many electric devices like a microwave , an oven , a mixer , a dishwasher and many other things which can do a job at the press of a button . 
in the last ten years computers have entered almost every house , especially in rich countries . computers have entirely changed people's lives . children can play games on them or watch a film . there are millions of things you can do with a computer . you can listen to music and generally use it for fun but the primary reason that computers were invented was for communication . there are hundreds of programs which help you communicate with your cousin in australia or with a complete stranger who you want to meet . millions of people use computers for this reason . 
the general conclusion about computers is that they help people to have easier lives by doing hard work and helping them . they are important to people who like to have fun with games and they are maybe the best way to communicate with someone you know or a person you want to meet . 
dear sir , 
i am writing with reference to a visit i made to your theatre last week . 
i have to admit that it was not as i expected; first of all , the main reason i went to see " over the rainbow " was its actor , danny brook . it was very disappointing when i realised he wasn't on the stage . besides this , i had to wait three quarters of an hour before the show started . during this time , i decided to have a drink in the restaurant but , as well as being closed , there was no nobody from the staff that could help me . i couldn't believe it ! i would never have imagined this could happen in such a well-known theatre . furthermore , you talk about discounts in your leaflets and there were none available , so , it was an expensive evening ! 
i know you will understand my frustration and that's why i would like a total refund of my money or at least another ticket that goes with my wishes . 
i look forward to hearing from you soon . 
yours faithfully , 
pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . however , she was a close friend and i couldn't accuse her of anything else . 
i won't ever forget the day the doctor told me and my mum the truth about my strange disease . he just said there weren't resources to cure it at that moment but . . . i burst into tears as did my mother . it seemed the end of something lovely , step by step . i became conscious of my problem and despite being a personal matter i decided to tell pat about it . i still remember her words: " don't worry about anything . my lips are sealed " . 
i really did trust her when three days after i went to school and i could see i was drawing the attention of everybody . i couldn't stand being watched and my fury led me straight to pat . she tried to apologise but it wasn't enough for me . my best friend had let me down . 
from that moment , i refused to be with anyone until i met cold , a sensitive dog , the one who would keep my secrets for ever and would be near me until the end . sure ! 
dear manager , 
i am writing to complain about the musical show which was held last week . i feel disappointed because it was different to what was promised in the advertisement . 
first of all , the performers should have been danny brook and tina truelove . however , there were two unknown actors in the show . i feel most disappointed about this . the show started at 20 . 15 but actually it should have started at 19 . 30 . moreover , i bought a 20 ticket without any discount and the advertisement mentioned that a discount was available . and after the show , we went to visit the theatre restaurant . unfortunately , it was closed because that day was their day-off . but i am wondering why it said we could visit the restaurant if you knew it would be closed . 
i am afraid it was not the best musical show because all the things above was not an accurate as what we had been told . 
on the whole , i feel disappointed about the event and i would like to have my money back . i look forward to hearing your reply . thank you . 
yours faithfully , 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . i say this because of the experience i've had with her . 
actually , we were quite good friends before this event happened . pat has been studying in the same class with me this year . she sat next to me . we started to chat more and more . then we became good friends . one day , we were sitting in the dinning-hall as usual . suddenly my heart was thumping so quickly because i saw him - a boy who was a new student . i know this is one right love . i'm absolutely besotted with him . then i told this to pat and told her to keep it secret: i didn't want people gossiping about me then everyone would know i fancied him . but the thing which i'd never expected happened , which is that pat betrayed me . she told everyone that i fancy him and everybody always makes a joke of it . that makes me feel so embarrassed : i was very angry at that time ! 
now , i don't talk to her anymore because i can't stand a person who i trusted betraying me . i hope she knows that it was her fault and won't do it again . 
dear sir or madam , 
i am writing to complain about the musical show " over the rainbow " which i saw in your theatre yesterday . 
i had really looked forward to the show because it was the first time i had seen it in london and i was attracted by your advertisement which looked very exciting . however , i found it very disappointing . 
firstly , the show started at 20:15 not at 19 . 30 so i had to wait for 45 minutes in my seat , so it made me upset . secondly , i was very disappointed as soon as the actors showed up on stage because they were not the actors who you advertised . thirdly , you state that there are discounts available but i could not get any reductions at all . 
finally , to make matters worse , your restaurant had already closed after finishing the show so i could not eat anything . you mentioned " your perfect evening out ! " in your advert . but it was absolutely not true ! 
so i must insist that i want to have a full refund . i look forward to receiving your cheque as soon as possible . 
yours faithfully , 
for many years scientific and technological breakthroughs have changed our lives . i think that the more technological developments we have , the more comfortable lives we enjoy . amazingly , we can find that there are more and more computer users . so life is much faster and more convenient than before . 
my daily life has also changed a lot through the use of computers or modern technology . 
first of all , using a computer is the most important thing for me because i can store my personal records such as diary or expenses and i send e-mail to my friends who live abroad . i used to write letters but it takes time to arrive there or sometimes disappears , so e-mail is brilliant for my life . in addition to this , the internet is quite useful and helpful to have information from all over the world . before i go on holiday i use the internet to book or get details from the travel agency , which means i could save my time and physical energy . in conclusion , in my opinion , there are many advantages in my daily life at present and i would recommend people learn computers and would like to say " enjoy your lives " . 
dear sir/madam
my name is alida fanetti , and i'm writing to you about the musical show which i saw during my stay in london recently . 
one evening , while i was walking around the city , i saw a very interesting advertisement , which was about a musical show . 
i'm a fan of danny brook so when i read his name in the advertisement i immediately decided to go to the show . the tickets were a little expensive but i was with another ten people , so when we read " discounts available " we expected that the theatre had organised a special discount for groups of people . 
it wasn't true; there weren't any discounts . the show started at 20 . 15 and not at 19 . 30 so we were waiting for a long time . before the show started , a man said that danny brook wasn't there because he was ill . it was a disaster . 
after the show , which wasn't as good as we expected , we decided to go to the theatre restaurant . it was closed because people in the kitchen weren't ready with the food . it wasn't a " perfect evening out " like you said in the advertisement , so my friends and i would be grateful if you would give us some money back , if that is possible . 
i hope to receive an answer . 
your faithfully 
" the old man and the sea " by ernest hemingway
dear sandro , 
it's alida , how are you ? 
i'm writing to you because i have an important thing to tell you . 
i read in the newspaper that in the next few days some books of short stories are going to be read on the radio . a few days ago you told me that you have to read " the old man and the sea " by hemingway for school; well , on friday it is going to be read , on frequency 96 . 7 , . 
i suggest you listen to it because it's a very interesting book and you can relax while someone else is reading to you . 
i think it's a very good thing that people read books on the radio because it's an opportunity for " busy people " to hear important and beautiful short stories and books . 
well , i think you will be happy if i tell you something about this book . i read it two months ago and i liked it very much . it's a sad story but it lets you know about a type of life that you can't imagine really exists . the old man is a sad person but he loves his life and lives on the beach because he can't go without seeing the sea for a day . 
i think you will enjoy it . 
now i have to stop writing but i'll write you more letters . 
i hope you will listen to this book on the radio . 
write back to me soon and tell me about your impression of the story ( i mean if you enjoyed the story or not ! ) 
love
p . s . remember 96 . 7 on friday at 15 . 30 p . m . 
dear sir or madam , 
i am writing to complain about the musical show called " over the rainbow " that was advertised in this week's newspaper . 
according to the advertisement , danny brook would be starring in the show but it was a different actor . it was really disappointing ! furthermore , the show started at the wrong time . it was said that it would start at 19 . 30 but it did not . it started forty five forty-five minutes later . 
and if this were not enough , i got no discount on the ticket such as was advertised . besides this , we were invited to visit the theatre restaurant after the show , but it was closed because it was being redecorated . so why did you make this invitation ? 
on top of everything , i am on holiday and you can imagine how disappointed i am . it was not a perfect evening out . i suppose that you understand my situation , because you did not tell the truth . i believe that you are directly to blame so give me my money back . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours faithfully
caesara rodrigos los arnos
nowadays modern technology is advancing and it is really affecting our daily life . sometimes there are advantages but there are some disadvantages too . 
firstly , one advantage of it is that you can do things faster . beside this you can talk with a person on the other side of the world via a computer . it is interesting ! furthermore it helps with houseworks housework , at school and you can travel to places very quickly . so the main advantage of modern technology is that things are becoming easier and easier . 
on the other hand , there are certain drawbacks . first and foremost is the pollution and big cities are suffering with it . it can cause lots of problems for our health . a further disadvantage is that children are growing up very lazy . they get everything they want very easily and it is not good for their future . 
to sum up , there are both positive and negative aspects to modern technology , because it can make our lives easy but at the same time it is causing lots of problems for us . 
17th june 2000
dear sir , 
having seen , with two of my friends , your musical show last weekend at the circle theatre , which is called " over the rainbow " , i am writing to complain about our disappointing evening . 
first of all , in your advertisement you refer to discounts that are available , but , when we bought our tickets , one of the employees refused to give us ' student price tickets ' . despite being forced to buy adult tickets , we were still excited and took our seats , and waited for the beginning of the show . usually , the show starts at 19:30 , but this time we had to wait until 20:15 ! in addition to this , it was not the famous actors that you had mentioned in the advertisement performing , so we were disappointed . 
concerning the restaurant , it was closed for renovation . as a result , i am sure you will understand our annoyance and frustration , so it was not the perfect evening out that your advertisement stated it would be . 
finally , i am writing to request a full refund for my friends and me , because i felt your advertisement was misleading . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours faithfully , 
h . boulard
what do you think clothes will be like in the future ? i'm sure that someone has already thought about it , because fashionable clothes have always been really important for almost all of us . 
let's have a look at different points . from the past until now , we have been wearing several different types of fashionable clothing , but why ? from my point of view , almost all humans would like to be more attractive , so we always think about it . as a result , clothes are the easiest way to become more attractive . in addition to this , anyone will agree with me that clothes are the best invention ever . furthermore , it's one of the best ways to make money . 
anyway , don't you think that , nowadays , fashionable clothes are quite similar to what they were 20 years ago ? it's evident that whatever we wear looks like clothes , and i think we should stop being so stupid . we can't wear peculiar clothes like in science fiction films . i bet you that in 100 years , humans will be wearing exactly the same clothes as today , because we love the actually fashion of clothes , which is wonderful . the last survey about fashion showed that people feel really comfortable with those now ! 
manager of the theatre:
i'm writing to you because i'm very disappointed . i'm not from here ( this city ) , so i wanted to know everything about it: its culture , history and the famous musicals . everything was perfect and beautiful till yesterday . yesterday i wanted to go to the theatre to see a musical . i went to the theatre to see what time the show was , 19 . 30 . it . that was ok so i bought a ticket . at that moment my problems began . i couldn't get any discount; that meant that the advertisement was wrong , but i bought the ticket anyway . then i had to wait 45 minutes ; the show started at 20:15 . then danny brook wasn't acting , there was a different actor . at that moment i was really angry , so to calm down i went to the theatre restaurant , but it was closed , because of its bad hygiene and food . that was too much . " dear " manager i hope you understand me , and i ask for money back and i hope this won't happen again . bye 
first of all , i think we have grown up with technology . it's difficult for us to recognise the changes in our life lives , but we can think about them . how has it changed my daily life ? well , in one word it made my life more comfortable . now i only need to push a button , and things or machines work on their own . homework is easier to do with the computer than with a book sometimes . everything is faster , and sometimes technology goes so fast that i'm unable to follow it . modern technology showed us that we could do anything we wanted to , and it makes us think more about our future jobs . maybe , i won't be able to understand how the things work and that scares me . i will be useless , because a machine will do all the work . 
dear manager , 
i am writing to you about the musical show 'over the rainbow' i saw in london last weekend . 
to begin with , it was not danny book who acted in the show , as you wrote . 
secondly , the time stated in your advertisement said that it should start at 19:30 , but it did not start before 20 . 15
and then about the tickets , you wrote that there were discounts available but there were not . 
finally when we had seen the musical , we went to the restaurant and it was closed because they were doing some decorating , and you wrote in your advertisement , " visit our theatre restaurant after the show " 
we are very disappointed , it was not a perfect evening out for us , therefore we would like to have our money back . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours faithfully , 
helgar svessen , 
clothes in the future
clothes are a very interesting subject to study . if you travelling travel around you can see a lot of difference still between different cultures . 
first i think that in the future we are going to wear fewer clothes because the climate is going to get warmer and warmer . 
secondly i think we will be mixing clothes from all over the world , because we are travelling around more and more . and that is nice if you can pick up the best things from all over the world , but on the other hand it is not so nice if every nationality wears the same type of clothes . 
finally about my opinion in my opinion i wish we would dress more as we did in the past , using natural material . we must think more about the environment and live closer to nature . 
dear sir , 
i'm writing in order to let you know how angry i am after having gone to one of your shows . 
i went to london for a week's holiday with some friends and every evening we decided to do something in order to enjoy our stay in that beautiful city . 
i wish we had never chosen your show . in fact , after only having gone into the theatre , i realized that the advertisement i had read was probably about another show . 
first of all , when i paid for my ticket i noticed that nobody could obtain the discount you'd written about . but that would be nothing if it weren't for the dinner i had to cancel because your show started at 20 . 15 , although it should have been at 19 . 30 ! 
besides , when we decided to spend the evening in the theatre restaurant , we were informed that it was closed because the chef was ill . 
at that point , even if danny brook had been there as the advertisement announced , it couldn't have been a more disappointing evening . 
because of all these things , i am asking for my money back . 
yours faithfully , 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets , but i realized that only when it was too late . 
what moved me to discover this were the events that happened last month . i had just quarrelled with jon , who is my fiance . at that time we weren't getting on with each other . so , when peter , who has been a friend of mine since we were children , invited me for a pizza , i accepted without thinking of the consequences . 
and there would have been no problems if i hadn't talked to pat about that evening . it was only a dinner with a friend and in fact we'd spent all the time remembering our childhood , but probably pat thought that peter and i weren't only friends . so she ran to jon in order to let him know about the terrible mistake i had made that evening . he became very angry no matter how hard i tried to tell him the truth . 
by the way , i understand i had better trust in nobody . 
dear mr
i'm writing to complain about what happened to me two days ago , during your musical show " over the rainbow " . a friend of mine went to see it last may . he told me to go because the actor's performance was good . 
so i decided to buy a ticket , but no discounts were available . then with disappointment i noticed that there was a different actor instead of danny brook . nobody informed me about that . 
and why did the show start at 20:15 instead of 19:30 ? 
after the show , my friends and i decided to go to your restaurant , but we were amazed to find it closed . 
in conclusion , i am asking for my money back because it wasn't the perfect evening your advertisement promised . 
i hope that you understand me . 
awaiting your reply , 
yours faithfully
it's true that modern technology has changed our daily life . in the past , for example , we used to write letters to communicate , but now we surely send an e-mail , a fax or make a phone call . 
certainly this is easier and faster than writing , but it was nice when you were waiting for a letter . nowadays , you get everything immediately , but will it always be a good thing ? i think not . 
everyone has to use modern technology carefully , because too much technology could be dangerous . it could prevent us from thinking and doing acting freely . 
today there are children who don't know anything about nature and its things . 
probably , because their parents haven't enough time to leave the city and show them nature . so they prefer to leave their sons watching tv . 
modern technology ? yes , but we mustn't lose our values or our freedom to be with our families . 
17th december 2000
dear sirs , 
i am writing to complain about my awful evening at the circle theatre . i am very disappointed . 
last week i went to see a musical show called 'over the rainbow' at the circle theatre . 
i was at first , very excited to be seeing the show , because in the advertisement it said that it is the best musical in london . also it said that i could have a perfect evening there , but it turned out to be a very disappointing evening . 
i went to see my favourite actor , danny brook , acting in the show , but he was not there . i was shocked . there was another man acting . the show started later than i expected . it should run from 7 . 30 p . m . , but it started at 8 . 15 p . m . ! 
i want to complain about the ticket . in the advertisement it said that discounts were available , but when i asked a member of staff in the theatre about the discount he didn't offer me one . after the show i went to the 'theatre restaurant' to have dinner , but the restaurant was closed . it was because they closed earlier than usual . i think they should keep the times correctly . 
i am very disappointed with everything that happened last week . 
i would like a refund . 
i expect this will be possible . 
yours faithfully , 
fashion of the future by xxx 17/6/00
my article is about fashion in the future
right now in 2000 many people are wearing modern clothes , like t-shirts , trousers , skirts , coats , long-sleeved shirts , jumpers , etc . they also wear little items on them to go with their clothes , like earrings , necklaces , bracelets , rings , glasses , hair bands , handbags , shoes , watches , etc . they like designer clothes and everyone wears different modern clothes in terms of size , colour and shape . 
the fashion gradually changed from the old days and it is still changing . maybe in 100 years from now , fashion will be totally different . everyone may think that in the future people will wear silver clothes like in science-fiction movies . 
i think everyone will wear balloons for clothes in the future . everyone will wear very colourful balloons . with balloon clothes they will be able to fly up in the sky . 
no one will walk on roads . they will bounce on roads with their balloon clothes . 
in the future they will wear balloon clothes , because to make people fly . they will use a special gas inside the balloons to make them fly . 
for the special gas they will mix carbon dioxide and some chemicals . this special gas will not be dangerous . if we use carbon dioxide in our balloon clothes there will be less carbon dioxide on earth , so there is no worry about ozone breaking . this is one more reason to wear balloon clothes in the future . it will save our earth . 
would you like to wear balloon clothes and bounce around the world ? 
if so , wait until the 2100s ! 
17 . 06 . 2000
hello sir , 
" i'm very unhappy that i have to write you this letter . i have to do this because things happened which i can't ignore and which disappointed me very much . 
on the 12th of june this year i went to london to visit a friend of mine . we had a great time together until we decided to visit the musical " over the rainbow " at the " circle theatre " . we went there at 19 . 00 o'clock to get some tickets , but , when we arrived , a long line of people were standing there , waiting to get tickets . after we waited for half an hour to get two spare seat tickets , we had to wait 45 minutes until it started . one of the reasons why i wanted to see the musical was my favourite actor danny brook , but he didn't appear ! so when the miserable musical came to its end , we were happy to leave the theatre auditorium , but we both wanted to have dinner in the theatre restaurant , because no restaurants were open anymore , because it started too late . so we went upstairs to find the restaurant , but we just found a big empty hall , with nothing in it , with a small sign on a door: " sorry , we are closed for renovations " ! we thought it was a joke , but it wasn't . because you are the manager , i think you are the only person who can change anything . i would prefer to get my money back , instead of getting a lawyer . i will never visit your theatre again ! 
sincerely
hedwiga heinkel
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . and we knew that from that day on that if he knew anything about our secret we would live in danger of being caught . we , that is tim , gudrun , paul and me , hedwiga , had founded our own mafia , we were the kings in our small town , and we had a lot of people paying us money , so that we wouldn't attack them . we had this idea first when we watched a movie about the italian mafia in an english lesson in school . it was love at first sight and we were fascinated by the thought of building the same kind of organisation in our town . pat was my big brother , who had heard of some people paying , " safety-money " , but never know the reason , until he found a large amount of money in my room . his mind made up and ready to go to the police he left our house , where me and my friends were just hanging around out . he saw me and told me to my face , " you are a thief and a burglar and i will now go to the police . " i didn't know what to do , but then i had an idea . . . . yeah folks , that was the point i got interrupted by my parents in this beautiful dream , but if you want to hear the end of my story than buy the " rossall-school- magazine " , next issue , and you will hear the end of this unbelievable story . 
dear sir:
how are you ? i went to the musical show " over the rainbow " at your theatre last week . i have got a few things to complain about regarding your theatre . the first thing is in your note it says that you have danny brook in the show . but in the show , there was an another actor . i was so disappointed , because i came from far away to see danny broke . in the note it also says that the show starts at 19:30 , and so i went in at 19:25 . the show started at 20:15 , which means it wasted one hour of my time . the note says that tickets have are discounts available there are discounts available on tickets , but i bought my ticket and your people told me that there is no discount on the ticket tickets . when the show had finished , i decided to go and visit your theatre restaurant . but i went there and it was closed for some reason . i was really hungry and i went to another restaurant as soon as i could . the note says that your perfect evening out , i thought i could get my money back , with your poor service and all my reasons , but it was not ask for money back . 
i was really disappointed about your theatre and service . i hope i can get my money back and you can improve it . thank you for reading this . 
today , science and technology help us a lot . for example , in the past , people had to go and get wood , make a fire and cook , but now people can cook in a microwave and do not have to do all the hard work . 
science and technology can give us a better life style lifestyle or better food . for example , once people had to walk from one place to another , but now we can use science and technology to produce a lot of petrol petrol-powered vehicles and we can travel faster with them . we can also produce more and better food by using science and technology , e . g . by using science to put all the good parts of two plants into one plant . we can also use technology to produce more food and help them grow faster . 
science and technology can also be used to produce some materials , e . g . steel or iron , which are used in our buildings , they . they can make them stronger and hard to destroy . 
science and technology can give us a lot of good things for our daily life , making us easy making it easy for us to do things or work . 
dear sir or madam , 
i am writing to you about the show . i was very disappointed after the show . i would like to have my money back . first the show started at 10 . 15 , and it should have started at 19 . 30 . 
after your show i wanted to visit my friends , and because of it , i couldn't do that . 
also , you wrote about discounts , but it was not true ! the woman who sold me a ticket was very rude to me , actually she started swearing at me . 
during the show , i was very hungry but i hoped to visit the restaurant , which's which was a pity , because the restaurant was closed because it was too late . 
and , i forget to say something about the actors , i didn't enjoy them . 
so , i hope i will get my money back . it was a very disappointing evening in my life ! i hope you understand me ! 
yours sincerely
ongelina
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets , but anyway i trusted him i trusted him anyway . it happened 3 months ago , and during the last few months i have been very upset . 
i have a friend , his name is peter , he is my best friend . 
one day peter killed a boy . they were just playing and , by accident , peter shot him . i was there , i saw it . i thought that it only could could only be seen by 3 people , but that was a mistake . . . pat saw it ! we asked pat many times to keep this secret , not to tell anyone . we trusted him . for the first few days , pat was with us all the time . he promised to keep it secret . in the . the next morning we had an argument with pat . the 3 of us were shouting at each other . in short , pat left us . 
two days later , in the morning , a policeman came to see peter . . . so , now my best friend is a prisoner . all the time , i am thinking about peter . i don't forget him . he will be in prison for 5 years . by the way , i haven't seen pat for about one year . perhaps , he moved to another town . it's good that he is far away . . . i miss peter very much , it's unfair to put him in a prison . but it's life , destiny , very cruel destiny . . . 
dear sir , 
i came went to see the musical show called 'over the rainbow' in the circle theatre . i was really disappointed because a lot of things were not done . i will explain these now and want to ask to get some of the money i have paid you back back some of the money i have paid you . 
it was said that danny brook and tina truelove were starring in the show . danny brook was not there , a different actor was in his place . that was very disappointing for me . 
the musical show was supposed to start at 19 . 30 , but it started at 20:15 . we waited for it to start for 45 minutes , getting bored ! 
when i went to buy tickets , they didn't give discounts . but i had read that discounts were available . 
as it was written again , we went to visit the theatre restaurant after the show , but it was closed . they said that it was late and they wanted to go home . there was nothing for us to do , the show started 45 minutes late . 
now , i think that you have seen , it was not a perfect evening at all , a lot of the things advertised were not done , so i am asking to get some of my money back . 
yours faithfully , 
daily life - modern technology
my daily life : i get up early in the morning , go to school , then come home and do what i would like to do . i go shopping , watch tv , walk around the city , use my computer and get lost on the internet etc . 
modern technology is everywhere in my life . i don't see it on a normal day , but when i sit and think , it's everywhere ! 
for example , i get up whenever i want using my watch or clock . it's not a good example of modern technology , but it's a piece of technology at least ! 
tv was black and white at first and there were only two or three channels . now it's colour and there are many channels on tv . you watch whichever you want . i don't think that i watch the same channels every day . 
a wonderful example of modern technology: the computer ! it is not a living thing but it has a brain . it knows more than most people . 
and the internet . you can look for everything you want . you can talk to all people living all around the world . you don't notice the time passing when you are in that world . you can have information about all things , and go everywhere . everything is near you . you can reach anything whenever you want ! 
you see , our daily life consists of modern technology . it would be hard to live without it . 
london , june 17th
dear sir , 
i'm writing to you to make a complaint about the very disappointing evening i had at the circle theatre . 
firstly , i found that there were no discounts as were published in the advertisement . 
then , i not only had to wait 45 minutes more than expected for the beginning of the show but i realised that the main actor had been replaced by another ( very bad ) one as well . of course i must tell you that the main reason for my going to see the show was danny brook's presence . 
finally , after the show , i went to the theatre restaurant only to find that it was closed and the friend i had asked to meet me there was not waiting for me . as if that was not enough , he thought i had been kidding , inviting him to a closed restaurant where i didn't show up . 
those are the reasons for my asking for a refund of the 20 i paid . 
i'm looking forward to hearing from you soon . 
yours faithfully
every day we discover new devices that promise to satisfy our needs . i usually don't buy a lot of them but i must admit that some of them are useful . 
i can't remember waking up without the alarm-clock , making a hand-made orange juice or heating water for the coffee . therefore , i have more spare time to enjoy the one thing i consider to be the most important influence technology has had on my life: the computer and internet . 
the advance of electronics and global communications has made it possible to know places , look for information or even keep in close contact with friends all over the world . 
now , i will never again say that i don't know where i can find some information about this or that and when on holiday or every time i make a new friend , i just ask for an e-mail address and that's enough to know we will know about each other soon . 
dear sir or madam , 
ref: over the rainbow musical show . 
i am writing to you to mention some problems about the musical show shown in your theatre . 
first of all , it was supposed to be starring danny brook and tina truelove but in the real show , it wasn't . because i'm big fan of them , it was pretty boring without them and not to mention that it was disappointing . 
it didn't start at 19:30 and there was a delay for 45 minutes which was quite a long time and everyone got frustrated . 
the tickets also caused a problem . discounts weren't available at all . moreover , the restaurant was still under construction so that we couldn't use it when we were extremely hungry . 
finally , i wonder why you didn't ask for the money back if you have guaranteed the perfect evening . 
i am therefore writing to you to ask for the money back as i didn't get any advantages or services from you . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you as soon as possible . 
yours faithfully , 
l . p . lou
technology has been developing extremely fast these days and as it is still going on , it can't help affecting our lives . 
one of the biggest things that have changed is the change in the methods of communication . people have invented such things as tv , radio , telephones and so on which made us able to hear the news quickly and stay in touch with people easily . 
there are also changes in biological areas . nearly all of the diseases have been found the way to cure except a few like aids . it helped us to live longer and make us stronger against them . 
i have mentioned a few changes above but there's still the biggest one left , which is related to the field of computers . it helped us to be able to work much more quickly and accurately than before with the help of the internet . 
basically , modern technology has made our life more comfortable but there are some disadvantages such as lack of friendship , togetherness because of people staying in their house being on the internet for the whole day . but we still have to admit that we can't live without them even though they give us some disadvantages . 
dear sirs , 
i refer to your advertisement in the herald tribune where you advertised the circle theatre and the recent musical: over the rainbow . 
on saturday , june 5th , 2000 my wife and i wanted to have a nice and enjoyable evening and decided to go and see the musical . 
when we arrived at the theatre we realised that there were no discount tickets available as were mentioned in your advertisement so we had to buy the most expensive ones . after that one of the theatre assistants told us that the show would begin at 20:15 instead of 19:30 as advertised . so we had to rest for a while and had a drink . 
to make matters worse danny brook , who was advertised as one of the starring persons actors in the musical , was not acting this evening . you can imagine how disappointed we were , especially as the danny brook's acting was the main reason we went to see the musical . 
on top of this we intended to go to the theatre restaurant , which was closed because of building activities . 
as you can imagine we were very disappointed and it wasn't a perfect evening out . i would like to have 50% of the price of the tickets back . 
i am looking forward to your prompt reply . 
yours faithfully , 
heine bitz
what would we wear in 100 years time ? 
fashion will always be an interesting and important subject for all ages . today the fashion industry has a great importance in the commercial market . in the next 100 years there will be no change in that but fashion is going to develop in a special imaginative way . 
firstly , the material of which clothes are made is of a wide variety . there are the natural materials on one side whereas on the other side the fashion industry produces more and more synthetic materials , which relay on the production cost . 
in 100 years most clothes will be made from synthetic material . 
beyond that colours will play an important role in the next century for fashion . light and bright colours will be very common . the especially contrast will be the contrast will be especially attractive . 
furthermore the style of the clothes is going to be more crazy and individual but there will still be numerous clothes for conservative people . 
on balance fashion in 100 years time will be comfortable and colourful . the fashion industry will deliver a wide of variety variety of styles , materials and colours . there will be clothes for everyone's taste . 
dear sir , 
i read your advertisement for the show and i went to the theatre to see it but i had a very disappointing evening . 
in your advertisement , it said that one of the actors was danny brook but it was a different actor . this was very disappointing and i believe that all the people there were angry . 
the musical show should have started at half past seven but it started at quarter past eight . 
about the tickets , the advertisement said that discounts would be available but they were not . 
also the theatre restaurant was closed and i do not know why . when i read the advertisement , it said that the restaurant would be open . 
lastly , i want to tell you that i did not have a perfect evening and i would be grateful if you would send me my money back . 
i am looking forward to your reply . 
yours faithfully
unfortunately , pat was not very good at keeping secrets . pat was my best friend . she lived next door and we went to the same school . i told her all my problems and i could rely on her . 
one day i heard my mother tell my father that she wanted to divorce because she couldn't live with him any more . 
when i heard this , i went to my room and i was crying . i called pat to come to my house because i was not very good and to tell her what had happened . 
a few minutes later pat came to my house and i told her that my parents were going to divorce . pat did not believe me and she asked why . i told her that i did not know . 
she helped me to forget it for a few minutes , she made me laugh and then she left . but before she left , i begged her not to tell anybody . 
the next morning i went to school and all the students came up to me and told me not to be upset because of my parents . 
then i realised that pat told them my secret and i felt very angry , that's why i said at the beginning that pat was not very good at keeping secrets . 
dear sir , 
i'm writing to you to complain about my deceitful disappointing experience at your theatre last saturday night . 
what i thought was going to be a wonderful night became the worst night at the theatre i've ever had . 
firstly , i must admit that when we realised the main actor had been changed we felt really disappointed . this is because i had been waiting to enjoy danny brook's performance since i saw him the first time on television . 
secondly , despite your advertising the possibility of discounts , when i showed my student identity card to one of your employees she angrily told me that i had to pay the full price . 
moreover , not only had the actor been changed but also the show started forty-five minutes late . 
in my opinion you ought to be more serious because of the commitment responsibility you have to entertain the people who come to your theatre . 
finally , at the end of the night we felt a bit hungry but we couldn't eat until we arrived got back home due to your restaurant's new cook being ill . 
the truth is the night wasn't my perfect night out as you had announced had advertised so i would appreciate it if you could give me my money back . 
i wait to receive a prompt answer from you . 
yours faithfully , 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . 
i had always thought that i could rely on her whatever my problem was . yet , one extremely hot day while i was peacefully walking by the sea and thinking about my own problems , i discovered my elder brother's girlfriend with another boy . 
at first i felt really annoyed and disappointed so i ran to my brother in order to tell him what i had seen . 
nevertheless , when i found him studying hard for his final exams i realised i would rather his girlfriend told my poor brother the truth . 
but the thing is i needed to speak to someone about this event so i could feel more relaxed . 
i didn't know who tell to tell but eventually i decided that if i needed to tell someone a secret i could trust my best friend pat . 
so , the next day , i nervously came to pat's apartment where she had been living on her own since she was eighteen . 
after that , she felt very sad because of the love she had been feeling for my brother for several years and she swore to me that she was going to tell nobody about it . 
however , the truth was that no sooner had i arrived home than my brother asked me , crying , why i had told pat about his girlfriend's affair instead of revealing him the truth revealing the truth to him . 
dear sir , 
last week i went to london for a holiday . during my stay in that beautiful city , i thought it was a good idea to go to the theatre to enjoy a musical , so i decided to go to your theatre to see " over the rainbow " . 
it was a very disappointing evening not just for me but for most of the people who were in the theatre . 
first of all , i was looking forward to seeing one of my favourite actors , danny brook , and it was very disappointing for me to see a different actor instead of him in spite of his name being written in the advertisement . 
in the advertisement for the show i also read that it was going to begin at half past seven p . m . but , actually , it began at eight fifteen . i also found out that no discounts were available . in spite of it being said in the advertisement . 
another disappointing thing i found was that the restaurant was closed because the cook had had an accident with hot water when he was boiling some vegetables . 
in the advertisement there's no mention of getting any money back but i think it was such a disappointing evening that you should give some back to me . 
yours faithfully
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . 
last summer , i was spending my holidays in a little village on the southern coast of spain with my friend pat . 
we usually went to the beach to have a swim and to enjoy the fantastic weather in that part of spain during the summer . 
one day we found a beautiful little beach next to the big one where some people were sunbathing and some children were playing football in the sand . 
as it was so beautiful , we decided to go back to the beach at night to see the moon , the sea and the stars . 
when we arrived at the beach , we saw a suspicious light and two people doing something we couldn't see very well . in order to see it , we got closer to them and , in the end , we saw that they had stolen a lot of money and they were trying to put it in a safe place . as it seemed dangerous we agreed that we shouldn't tell anybody about it . it was our secret . 
unfortunately pat told the story to a friend of ours and , i don't know how , but the robbers knew that we had seen all they had been doing . so , now we are in danger because of that . 
dear mr jones , 
i'm writing this letter to inform you about the disappointing evening i had when i visited the circle theatre . 
firstly , in the advertisement you said that the actor would be danny brook but there was a different actor in the show and i was really disappointed because i was really looking forward to seeing danny brook , whom i personally admire . 
secondly the play didn't start at 19:30 as we were told but it started after a delay of 45 minutes . also when i visited the theatre's restaurant i found it closed for renovation . 
finally there were no discounts available on the tickets . all the above made my night terribly disappointing and i must say that the advertisement is nothing but a business fraud , so i'm in the unpleasant position of asking for my money back . i'm looking forward to your reply . 
yours sincerely
mrs lemmings 
technology is an essential part of people's lives . it's something absolutely necessary for every action people do perform . it affects us both positively and negatively . it's a part of our lives . firstly technology has created a bond between myself and my computer . i've got used to spending 2-3 hours in front of the computer . my relationship with my family and friends doesn't even exist . i've ended up being a tv addict . 
also the need to do simple things as a family is no longer felt . why go to the countryside if you can sit there with a bowl of popcorn and watch tv ? 
despite the negative effects , technology can affect in a positive way a person's life a person's life in a positive way . air conditioning , watches , computers , and many other things have made my life easier . there's no need to go to the shops when i can order things on the computer . air conditioning also makes my life easier . 
in conclusion , technology has made my life easier but it's also an intrusion in my life , creating a distance between myself and my family . in my opinion technology is the least thing i could use in my life . 
dear mr , 
i am a foreign student who is on holiday here . i am going to stay here for a week . i went to your theatre three days ago and it was horrible . i'm sorry but i am very disappointed with the show . i would like to describe to you my experience because i want you to give me my money back . 
last monday , i went to the theatre with two friends . we arrived on time but the show was delayed until half-past eight . moreover , we weren't given any discount for being students . 
furthermore , the main actor was changed for another and nobody told us . when there was an intermission we went to the restaurant which was closed because it was late . we couldn't have a drink . well i believe that it was a bad day but i would like you to give me my money back because in the advertisement there were some things that we didn't have in the theatre . 
finally , i would be grateful if you could answer me soon . 
yours sincerely , 
our lives are changing . when i was a child i had different entertainment to those that modern-day children haven't have . we could play with our toys , dolls and we could enjoy ourselves without a computer . we hadn't so many machines as they have . 
the technology is growing and growing . 
if you have a computer you will be able to have all the information that you want . it's very important but sometimes it is a bad thing because the children can see it too . moreover you can change the tv programme without getting up . we can find information about the weather and sports on our tv-text . 
on the other hand , science is changing . 
we have more researchers than a few years ago and we will be able to find the solution to lots of problems . actually , we can cure illnesses which were once very dangerous . i'm sure that in a couple of years we will see cured some illnesses like cancer and uth some illnesses like cancer and uth cured . 
the new technology is changing our lives . 
dear sir or madam , 
i was one of your customers who had a very disappointing about over the rainbow at your circle theatre yesterday . 
first of all , the stars of the show were not danny brook and tina truelove . the only reason i bought a ticket was because of danny brook and tina trulove , as your advertisement had shown . but your stars were not there . 
i bought a ticket for the 19 . 30 performance and the show was very very late . it started at 20:15 and that wasted my time and made me feel bad about your service . and also the ticket discounts were not available . that was not your advertisement had shown . and finally , your restaurant was not open after the show . 
from every singular things i have complained , it was totally different from what your advertisement said . and because of this , i would like to ask for my money back . if you see that this is a good reason , please telephone me . my telephone number is 123-4567 . 
yours
these days we are living in a high-technology world . modern technology has been advancing rapidly and it has affected me a lot . indeed , i have to save more money to upgrade my personal computer . computer technology keeps improving all the time and consumers like you and me definitely have to spend our money to keep our personal computer up to date and capable of working with the new computer software that requires more and more performance of computer hardware . 
anyway , modern technology such as the internet changes me a great deal of lifestyle changes my lifestyle a great deal . using the internet , i can find almost all the information i want to have . and i can send e-mail to my friends via the internet fast and cheaply compared to the old-style mail-services . 
finally , i think modern technology allows me do my business faster , better and with much more efficiency . 
dear sir , 
i'm writing to you to complain about the disappointing experience i had with your theatre . 
first of all , i arrived at about 19:20 because the advertisement said that performance begins at 19:30 , but it wasn't till about 20:15 that the began of the show show began and i had to wait an entire hour , which was not very amusing . 
secondly , i was supposed to get a discount but there were no discounts , although the advertisement said there are . 
thirdly , the disappointment made me a bit hungry but the restaurant was closed without any sign saying why . 
and last , the most disappointing thing , the advertisement also said that danny brook would be there , my favourite actor , but there was someone else instead of him . 
so , the show was not good at all and my evening was spoiled in spite of all that the advertisement promised . as things went that way , i want my money back . 
sincerely yours , 
i shall have a look at the place i believe no one can avoid - the kitchen . 
how much effort and time it took about two decades ago to chop vegetables or prepare coffee or how hard it was to deal with fridges ! but today the mixer or some more complicated kitchen-device will chop and mix anything for you from fruits to meat , and modern coffee machines can even make a cappuccino or whatever you want on their own . those devices have made our life easier as old fridges had to be defrosted and new fridges use a different kind of cooling system and will tell you if you have forgotten to close the door ! the modern cooker will turn itself off if something goes wrong ! personally , my life became much faster and i have much more time for many other things during the day thanks to the devices modern technology offers us . 
dear mr. smith , 
during my last holiday in london , i visited your theatre in order to see " over the rainbow " . you wrote some things in your advertisement and i was disappointed that they weren't true . 
first you have written that the stars were danny brook and tina truelove , but the actual actors were different . it was a disappointment for me , because these actors were recommended by my friend , because he knows danny and tina . 
you have also written in your advertisement that it would start at half past seven but it started at 20:15 ! so we had to wait more than a half hour . i wouldn't have minded if the restaurant had pressed in order to eat or drink something , but it was closed , and it didn't also also it didn't open after the show , because the waitress had to clean the theatre . 
also there tickets were no discount were no discount tickets available as you had written there were in your advertisement . 
so it wasn't a perfect evening for me and i think about it , if i can have my money back . if it's possible , please write back . 
sincerely . . . 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets and so his whole school knew about sara's experience . 
sara was a very good pupil . she didn't study a lot but she knew all the important things . she was a very nice person and she always helped if somebody needed her help . 
one day she had to do the shopping for her mother . she had to buy a lottery ticket and other things for her . after she had done this she went home , but she didn't buy the ticket because she thought there isn't wasn't any chance of winning . she spent the money on a magazine . 
after she came home her mother was sitting in front of the tv and looked at the lottery numbers . suddenly she jumped out of her armchair and shouted: " i have won the jackpot " . sara was out of breath and after she told her mother she hadn't bought the ticket . her mother got angry but some hours later she was friendly again . 
sara couldn't understand the fact that she didn't do the right thing . she had lost a lot of money , so she would be more careful about doing things . 
to the manager of the circle theatre . 
i went to see over the rainbow , friday evening the 16/6 . the musical had been advertised as london's newest and best musical , but all to my disappointment . 
i had been looking forward to seeing my favourite actor danny brook , but he had been replaced by some other actor . i was not too happy about that and why didn't the show start when it was supposed to start ? ( 45 min late ) , and where were the discounts which were supposed to be available ? your advertisement was full of false advertising . at the end of the show i was looking forward to having a nice dinner in the restaurant together with my boyfriend , but it was closed , because you were short of staff . this was not my perfect evening out . i want to have at least half of my money back . i hope you appreciate my letter and that you'll try to amend these problems . / sally svenssen
how has modern technology changed my daily life ? 
modern technology like the internet , for example , has changed my life a lot both in good and bad ways . the advantage of the internet is that i can do all my shopping over the internet . i don't have to mess around in the supermarket on a friday evening , when i'm tired from school , i just get all the groceries i need delivered to my door instead . i buy all my clothes on the internet as well and it works brilliantly , but i have to admit that there are some disadvantages with the internet too . i don't get as much exercise as i used to get . nowadays i spend 2 hours in front of the computer every day , shopping or chatting to people . i have got friends over the whole world now . i'll go to japan next month to visit one of my internet friends . modern technology opens new and exciting ways for us . i don't think that i would be going to japan if it wasn't for the internet . the internet has opened up a whole new world for me . 
sally svenssen
the manager of the theatre dear sir , i am writing to you so as to express my great disappointment about the musical show " over the rainbow , " which i attended a fortnight ago . to begin with , never have i been so upset as when i realized that the i expected famous actor famous actor i expected , danny brook , would not show up at the performance and that he had been shamefully replaced by an unknown actor whose performance was quite mediocre . your advertisement for the show contains further inaccuracies ; this show did not start at 19 . 30 p . m but only at 20 . 15 . moreover , i was looking forward to getting a discount on the price of the ticket as indicated in your adverts , but that , once again , fell flat . indeed , it so happened that this was not the case at all . additionally , i could not even enjoy having a drink , after the show , in the theatre restaurant as it was simply closed for renovation . " a perfect evening out " ! ? not at all . under these circumstances , as your theatre did not fulfil its commitments , i ask you for a full refund and i expect to receive a cheque for 15 , as soon as possible yours faithfully
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . i had had my own experience with her already and i would always be careful not to tell her anything important whenever we met . 
as pat had recently made a new friend , olga , my sister , i warned my sibling about pat's failing: " don't ever rely on pat to keep a secret , sweetheart ; she just can't " ! mind what you tell her; she can make the worst of it; gossiping is her favourite leisure activity ! 
however , i guess that olga turned a deaf ear to what i had told her . that is the impression i got . 
a couple of weeks later , my sister called me when i was at work; completely devastated and weeping scalding tears , she could hardly pronounce a word . i didn't say anything and let her go on grieving by herself . after a while , she pulled herself together and paused for a minute . i could then , feel her , upset as ever . i could get her to simmer for a second or two then she suddenly started shouting uncontrollably: - " never have i met such a poor cow like pat " , olga hurled this at me down the phone . then i woke up; well , i shall never know what happened to the " poor cow " ! 
dear sir or madam , 
i am writing in order to express my disappointment with your musical show " over the rainbow " . 
i saw the show's advertisement hanging up on a wall in london where i was spending my holiday with some friends . i convinced them to go there with me because i had heard good reviews of your company and , above all , because of the main star , danny brook . 
the problems started at the box office , where we asked for the discounts you announced in the advertisement , and the man who was selling the tickets said that they didn't exist . 
moreover , the show was delayed forty-five minutes and the worst of all was that danny brook had been replaced by another actor . 
in addition , the theatre restaurant was closed for unknown reasons . 
you promised a perfect evening but it became a big disaster ! 
i would like some kind of explanation and get to get my money back . if you don't agree , i will act . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours faithfully , 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . last wednesday carole received a letter . the stamp was from a foreign country and the address was written in capital letters . she didn't recognize the writing . she began to read , " dear carolin . . " there was only one person who used to call her by this name . it brought a lot of memories back to her . it was long time ago , when she was fourteen and paul sixteen . he was her first love and also the first who kissed her . paul had to move to mexico because of his father's work . when they were saying goodbye paul said , " i will be the last person who will kiss you " . " it sounds nice but i don't believe it , " she replied . " you only have to wait , " he said . but she didn't wait . she got married and had two children . at the time carole was living with her husband but they didn't love each other any more . their love had finished . in his letter paul said that he had become a rich man and he would come back to meet her again . her friend pat had explained the whole story to her husband . what would she do ? 
17th june 2000
the manager
the circle theatre
my wife and i are very keen on theatre , especially with the funny actor " danny brook " . when we saw your advertisement in the " evening post " we made a reservation . 
unfortunately , the next evening , one hour before the beginning of the show , we learnt that the actors had been changed at the last minute . 
in addition , there was no discount available , and the show started at 20:15 and not at 19:30 . after that , your restaurant was closed without reason . 
we are very disappointed . it was not a " perfect evening out " but " a dreadful evening out " . 
it would be nice of you if you could refund us some money or send us two new tickets . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours faithfully , 
to: the manager of the circle theatre
from:
subject: complaint
dear sir or madam , 
i was at the show at your theatre three days ago . unfortunately , my expectations were not realized because of the many problems i had during the show . 
first of all , there was another actor instead of danny brook ( as it was written in the advertisement ) . secondly , the show was delayed and started at 20 . 15 so i had to wait 45 minutes , doing absolutely nothing and wasting my time . no discounts were given and , what is more , your theatre restaurant was closed the whole time . i was not able to have dinner after the show . on the whole , i was very disappointed on leaving the circle theatre . all the impressions were destroyed by many problems . 
i ask you to return my money . or i will have no option except to go to court . 
faithfully , 
fashion of the future
three hundred years ago fashion changed once every hundred years . one hundred years ago it was once in 50-25 years . and now we have to change some of our clothes every 6 months because they are not so fashionable any more . fashion is one of the most important parts of our image and everyday life now . fashion is becoming more useful . all the new inventions and technology are going to play an important part in the fashion industry of the future . 
it is very difficult to predict but let us try to imagine what clothes will be like 100 years from now . with no doubt , the influence of modern technology will be great . in future clothes will be very useful and incredibly comfortable . we can see the progress in fashion even now . it seems that the decorative role of clothes will have disappeared by the year 2050 . 
so the whole fashion industry will work to make clothes more useful , practical and comfortable . what will we have ? breathing jackets and shirts with air conditioning . 
17 . 6 . 2000
dear sir , 
i am writing to explain some problems your theatre has got and to ask for some money back . 
i saw your advertisement and i expected a discounted ticket for students . but in the ticket office i realised i couldn't get it . another problem was the time . the play was supposed to start at 19 . 30 but it was delayed , so at 20 . 15 the curtain of the stage was raised . as soon as the play had started i noticed another problem . i am a big fan of danny book and that was why i chose 'over the rainbow' . when i saw a different actor playing his role i was really disappointed . 
last the last problem i would like to tell you about is about the restaurant there . after the show i went to the restaurant according to your advertisement but it was closed for decoration . 
when i booked the ticket i really looked forward to the show . unlike my expectation it was so disappointing and annoying . so i would like to ask for some money back . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you soon . 
yours faithfully , 
ta hyun phat
i remember some scientific cartoons when i was younger i watched on television i watched on television when i was younger . they described the future world where people would travel to the moon . but it is coming true now . modern technology has been changing even my daily life in positive and negative ways at the same time . 
first it helps to make my social life convenient . i have got my own computer so it is easy for me to send e-mails to my friends very often . second , i can save time . if there was no public transport like the underground in a big city i couldn't imagine travelling on time . 
on the other hand , modern technology could affect my life in a bad way . because of computers or telephones i could have less opportunities to meet my friends than before . it could make my emotions fade . another problem is pollution . i think the car is one of the most common products of modern technology . the more cars there are on the street , the more difficult it is for me to keep myself fit . 
to sum it up , as technology is improving my life itself is becoming convenient . in spite of its good sides , i think my life could get worse . to live in this world needs somebody else to contact and health . but i am loosing chances to meet my friend face to face and i feel i am getting weaker . i suppose people , including me , should keep themselves in a limited their own space in near future . it will be caused by technology . 
circle theatre's manager: i am writing to you because i felt disappointed after seeing the musical " over the rainbow " . there were many things that were wrong in the advertisement i saw . first the actors who were supposed to star in this show were not the ones put on stage . so when i saw the show i felt horrible , because i was expecting to see danny brook . but the problems started when i arrived at the place . i had a discount ticket , but they refused it and i had to pay the full price . apart from this , the show started forty five forty-five minutes late . i think these reasons are sufficiently sufficient to ask for my money back . so i hope that you will understand my point . please be understanding and realize that your show was not cheap . i'm a student , so i do not have a lot of money and i need it back . i also have to tell you that the theatre restaurant was closed because there were too few people there and they take me out of the place , so i was very upset . i will come to your office this week . i hope to see you there . 
pat's secret
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . he had talked to caroline days before the secret was known . she had told him about her relationship with her boyfriend . everybody knew that caroline and her boyfriend john , loved each other so much that it wouldn't be surprising to find that they had had sex . the point here is that caroline chose the worst friend to tell this to . she was also concerned about being pregnant , but she was afraid to tell john about it . so she decided to ask pat what to do . when she finally told him , pat reacted in a very bad way and told immediately to john told john immediately . he couldn't believed believe what pat had told him , so he broke pat's nose . pat's father had to pay for a very expensive operation . but like every story this has a happy ending . john and caroline still love each other , and she wasn't pregnant at all , it was just her imagination . and pat understood that secrets should die on your own . 
dear manager of the circle theatre , 
two months ago i went to see your musical show . i got very angry because you are liars . it was one of the most disappointing evenings of my life . 
the advertisement said that the actors were danny brook and tina truelove but the actors were different . who could would believe it ? you really are a funny theatre . 
and then there's the time , too . you wrote that at 19 . 30 the musical would start . i was waiting for 45 minutes : the show started at 20:15 . 
i paid 20 without any discount . you said that some discounts were available . nobody got a discount . 
when i went to the restaurant i was really surprised . it was closed and i still don't know why . 
in the advertisement you wrote " your perfect evening out " , that's very funny . it was just a disappointing night and i want you to return to me some of my money . 
a very angry man
modern technology has changed my daily life in many ways . modern technology helps me when i do my homework and play some games etc . 
first of all , the computer . it helps me when i study . i can find many things on the internet or write my compositions on it . 
the car has changed my daily life , like everyone else's . i can go from one place to the other another very fast . 
most of the machines which i have at home help me , too . i can find cold water in the refrigerator but 50 years ago they didn't have the refrigerator , so our life is easier today . 
when i stay home i can watch tv or listen to the radio etc , so modern technology helps me to spend my free time . 
as you have seen , modern technology has changed my daily life a lot and i believe that it has changed it for the better . 
dear manager of the circle theatre , 
i went to the circle theatre to see the show " over the rainbow " a few days ago . i am writing this letter to tell you how disappointed i felt with it . 
there are some differences between the advertisement and the real show . in the advertisement , you mentioned mr. danny brook and mr. tina truelove were going to perform but actually different people were performing , whom i had never seen before . and also it said it was going to start at 19:30 but it did not start until 20:15 . to make it worse , neither discounts nor restaurants were available that night although they were said to be available . according to the owner of the restaurant , it was closed because the plugs of some lights were cut off . 
as i am writing , it was not a perfect evening at all but horrible , so i would like to ask for my money back and compensation for my special 20th birthday . 
i am waiting to receive your reply as soon as possible . 
faithfully yours , 
fashion of the future
there are already a variety of fashion styles nowadays . some are informal formal others are casual . especially in big cities such as london , new york and tokyo , you can see a lot of people in various clothes , so i do not think there will be such big differences in the outlook appearance of clothes even 100 years from now . 
however , i think there will be some differences in the quality and materials of clothes . for example , speaking of sports , a lot of remarkable progress has been made , with especially especially with swimming costumes and athletes' costumes for the olympics . 
in addition , i think the earth will be warmer and warmer than now and 100 years from now will be an area of space . so clothes for space will be necessary and clothes for warmer climates will be necessary . 
in conclusion , 100 years from now , i think a better quality of clothes will be created in every field , such as sports , office , leisure , building site , school and space . although the outlook appearance such as shape and colour will not change so much in fashion . 
dear sir , 
i am writing to you to complain about the musical show " over the rainbow " , which i went to see last week . 
first of all , the actors that played in the show were different to danny brook and tina truelove . besides this they were not good actors , so i am quite disappointed . 
then , the show was meant to start at half past seven and i had to wait forty-five minutes because it started late . but that is not all because in the advertisement it appeared that discounts were available and that is false ; i had to pay 20 for each ticket . 
finally , i wanted to visit your theatre restaurant and have a good dinner after the show but it was impossible . the restaurant was closed because most of the employees were on holiday and there were not enough people to meet the demand . 
in conclusion , it was not the perfect evening that i expected , so i am therefore writing to ask for a full refund on the tickets . i will be looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours faithfully , 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets , and now my best friend knows that i will go to visit her next week . 
alice is my best friend and we met twenty years ago . we went to the same school and we had the same hobbies . it was perfect because we were always together and doing interesting activities like snowboarding . 
one day her mother died and she had to move to germany where her sister was living . but she was very sad because she knew that it would be very difficult for us to see each other in the future . 
after that , we wrote letters and she phoned me once a week but it wasn't the same . i couldn't explain all my problems to her and her voice had changed . 
finally , i decided to visit her but i wanted it to be a surprise . i worked hard for one month so i could save the money to buy a plane ticket . 
i decided to explain all my plans to pat and she promised me that she wouldn't say anything but it wasn't true . yesterday she phoned alice and explained everything . in spite of this i am very happy because i know that alice is preparing many activities for us to do together so we spend have the best week of our lives . 
dear sir/madam , 
i am writing this letter to complain about the treatment that we received when we went to the circle theatre in order to see the musical show " over the rainbow " , whose actors were anthony keens and tina truelove . 
when we arrived at the circle theatre in the evening , we waited for a long time , because your advertisement stated that the show would begin at 19:30 , and eventually it began at 20:15 . 
moreover , the actors were not the same as the ones in the advertisement . finally , after the show we went to the theatre restaurant but it was closed because they were on holiday . this evening was the worst evening of my life . 
i would like you to give me back some money for the tickets . 
i look forward to hearing from you soon . 
yours faithfully . 
pedro rez soran
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . she told our parents that we were going to get married in brazil . because of this , sally's parents and my parents went to brazil posthaste . sally and i had bought a nice big house beside the sea on the outskirts of the city . it had three bedrooms , two bathrooms , one dining room and one kitchen . indeed , it had a big swimming pool and a beautiful garden . when my parents arrived in brazil and found us , our dreams were erased . we had to come back to spain . because of this , we had to sell the house and left our jobs . when we arrived in spain , we had to explain to our parents all about our adventure . 
that day was the worst day of my whole life . now , sally and i are married , have three children , a marvellous house and both of us are working for a big company . 
dear mr muller , 
i address this letter to you because as the manager of " the circle theatre " i hold you responsible for the most disappointing evening in a theatre i have had in years . i went to see the evening performance of your production of " over the rainbow " on saturday the 2nd of june . 
at first i was irritated that contrary to your announcements no discounts were available . i bought one of the most expensive tickets . 
although the show was scheduled to start at 19 . 30h , it did not begin until 20 . 15h . 
to my greatest disappointment danny brooks was not in the show , but his part was played by an actor whose ( lack of ) singing and acting skills did not make him a suitable replacement . after the show i found out that the theatre restaurant , which had been recommended to me , was closed because it had been booked by a private party . contrary to your advertisement i did not have a " perfect evening out " and i think that you should return to me at least half of the 20  i paid for my ticket . 
faithfully yours
. . . . 
best detective stories of agatha christie
that exciting stories always describe people in difficult situations is true of agatha christie's " witness for the prosecution " . 
this short story is about a man who is accused of having murdered a rich elderly widow who left her whole fortune to him . he had befriended her without telling her that he was married . 
the accused is defended by a famous lawyer who tells his wife that a loving wife's confirmation of her husband's alibi will not convince the jury
to help her husband she works out a plan: she is willing to be a witness for the prosecution and states that her husband was not with her at the time the crime was committed . she then gives letters to her husband's lawyer that seem to prove that she has been unfaithful to him and that she tried to get rid of him with the help of false accusations . the plan works: the jury thinks that the wife is a notorious liar and her husband is found innocent . after the trial the lawyer is told that the man was indeed guilty . 
dear manager , 
i am writing to tell you that i was very disappointed with the theatre . one of my reasons for travelling to london was this theatre . 
i thought that " over the rainbow " was horrible ! i thought that it was the best musical show that london had . i was wrong , very wrong . 
in the advertisement it was written that danny brook and tina truelove are the actors , and in the theatre you had totally different actors . 
i bought my tickets fuee days before the performance thinking i would get a discount . but happened the opposite the opposite happened . i paid the same as a who bought the tickets ten minutes before the performance . 
another thing i have to complain about is the time of the performance . it was supposed to start at half past seven , and it only started at fifteen minutes past eight . 
after all this , i want to know if i will get some money back . i hope so . 
yours sincerely 
it is true that science and technology affects our lives a lot . technology is essential to our life , we need it each minute , each second . 
it is rare that schools don't have a multimedia centre with many computers for the students to use . but this is good and bad at the same time . good because you can have access to a lot of information , and it is bad because the computers are doing people's work . nowadays we have teachers , and tomorrow ? who has the certain knowledge that computers will not take the place of teachers ? it is interesting to start to think about this point . 
another point is that television is taking childhood away from children . for example , our parents had time to play with dolls or toys , and the new generation don't have time for this , because they spend a lot of time in front of televisions that only show silly programmes . 
we need this technology , but we have to know how to control it . 
dear sir or madam , 
i am writing to you to tell you that i saw your musical show " over the rainbow " and there were too many disappointing divergences between the advertisement for the show and the show itself . 
the main problem was that danny brook did not take part in the show . however , i bought a 20 ticket mostly because i saw his name in the advertisement . furthermore , the show started only at 20:15 , although it was supposed to start at 19:30 . moreover your theatre restaurant was closed all evening , and i think you should know that tickets were sold without any discounts . 
it seems to me that all these failures were your fault , because you were responsible for the organisation of the show . i think you ought to have postponed the show and reimbursed me for the ticket price . however , concerning considering that i saw the show , i would like to get a 50% refund . 
please reply at your earliest convenience . 
i look forward to receiving your reply . 
yours faithfully , 
modern technology has changed my daily life completely . when i said say modern technology , i mean the internet . 
for example , i live in kursk , and i can get a letter from my friend some hours after he has written it . my friend lives in kresnodar . my grandmother lives in orel , which is much closer to kursk than kresnodar . and it takes 3 days for her letter to get to kursk . that is because my friend uses e-mail , but my grandmother uses the postal service . so with the internet i can make friends all over the world and it does not take lots of time . 
another change in my life is that i use the internet as a library when i write my course papers so that i can get books which it is impossible to get in the libraries of my town . 
that is why i think that modern technology helps me in my daily life . 
dear mr jones:
i'm writing to you because i wanted to tell you what a bad experience i had during my holidays when i went to see the play on at your theatre . to begin with , the actor you published as going to perform , didn't . to make things even worse , the play didn't start at 19:30 as it was supposed to but instead it started 45 minutes late , at 20:15 , and there weren't even your famous discounts available . 
as if that wasn't enough , after the show , i took the risk of going to your restaurant and it is not very hard to guess that i wasn't able to enjoy it , as it was closed because it wasn't clean enough to serve food ; the perfect ending to the perfect evening . 
considering all this , and especially the fact that i didn't get a discount on my ticket , i think the least you can do is give me my money back to make it up to me , and so i can go and spend the money on a good play where they do what they've promised . 
waiting for you to write back
yours
modern technology is , nowadays , not only a " tool " for everyday life but also a lifestyle . people are getting more and more addicted to this , because it helps to make everyday life easier and more comfortable . 
in my own personal experience , technology is something i can't live without . by a simple domestic appliance , a tv or a radio , or a cell phone or a computer , my life is much better now than it was before . for example , whenever i go out by myself , my father gives me a cell phone , to call him in case i need anything . another thing i depend on is the computer . not only to play games or use the internet , but also to write my papers for school . 
i think that anything that can make our lives better should be done , because that way we won't have so many things to be concerned about , and we will be able to live a happier and more relaxed life . 
dear sir , 
i've recently been to one of your musical shows called " over the rainbow " at the circle theatre in london , thinking it might be a good idea but it was disappointing . i'm writing this letter to explain to you what happened and to look for a solution . 
to begin , the organisation of your colleagues in the theatre was awful because of for different various reasons . despite saying it would start at 19:30 , it started at 20:15 , which i think is too much much too late for a good theatre like yours . also , you say in the advertisement we should visit your restaurant , however , it was closed . how can you explain that ? 
secondly , there was some false information in your advertisement that made me angry . you said it would be danny brook who would sing but it wasn't . and to sum up , there weren't any discounts on the prices of the tickets . 
for all these reasons , i want my money back , at least 15 of the 20 pounds i paid . looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours faithfully , 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets , so without want i knew that there was going to be a concert in our city given by , from my point of view , the best group in the world , oasis . and she had planned with my friends to go without me . 
at first i got more angry with pat than with my other friends in the group , because pat was and is my best friend . however , a couple of minutes later , i calmed down and asked her why . she answered because , " because all this year you have been so irritable that you got angry with everybody who tried to talk to you , " and the other friends had convinced her to dump me . 
then i realised that she had reason . i was irritable because my parents were going to get divorced , but pat would always be my best friend so i told her that i wasn't angry with her and i was not going to go to the concert because i had to go to the court to solve my parent's affair . 
i asked her to take photos of oasis for me and she agreed to . if pat had been good at keeping secrets , i wouldn't have known anything about the concert and i wouldn't have got angry about not being able to go . 
and that's the story of how i lost missed the opportunity to go to the only concert that oasis have given in my city . 
dear sir , 
my name is *** . recently i spent a week's holiday in london . i read the advertisement and i found it interesting so i thought that it would be nice to spend one of the nights i had in london at your musical show . 
but i was completely wrong . it was an awful experience . i had gone went with two friends on the 21st of august , and one of the reasons was that we are big fans of danny brook and we were looking forward to watching seeing his show . you can imagine how disappointing it was to find out that he was replaced by another actor who is not so popular . 
we were there at 19:15 , as the show was starting at 19:30 , to get our tickets . we asked for the discounts you were referring mentioning mentioned in your advertisement but at the counter they told us that they were not available because it was sunday . 
that was terrible but we didn't want to make a fuss so we went inside and waited . the show started forty-five minutes later . we got really bored waiting . 
after the show finished we went for dinner at the theatre restaurant but it was closed because the owner was ill . 
for all these reasons you can understand how unpleasant our evening was . we are asking you to return our money . i hope you'll understand . 
yours faithfully , 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . from the time she was a child she couldn't keep anything to herself , she always shared her thoughts with other people . 
she was about sixteen years old when she moved to another city with her family . she went to a new school and she had no friends . she was not very sociable and she could not establish relationships very easily . in time she became close friends with kim , who was really strange to the other students everybody . everybody disliked her . 
pat was wondering why and one day she found out . kim explained to her that she kept her distance from the other students because her father was in prison and she didn't want anyone to find out . 
pat kept this a secret for two months but one day revealed it by accident to a boy in her class . in a few days all the school knew kim's story . kim was terrified because everyone was making fun of her and she was very angry with pat . 
pat had to make it up to kim . she had to find a way to make kim forgive her . 
she found the perfect way . she stood up in front of the whole class and explained that kim's father's actions didn't influence kim , that she was a great friend to her and if someone deserved to be punished , it was her . kim forgave her and all the students understood how wrong they had been and were very sorry . they could all get to know the real kim now . 
dear sir/madam , 
i am writing to complain about the musical show , over the rainbow , which you advertised . i saw the show at your theatre with my friend on 6th june . however , i was disappointed with something which did not match your advertisement . 
first of all , i would like to have seen danny brook as i am keen on his acting . he did not perform that evening . it made me sad . secondly , the starting time has been changed from 19:30 to 20:15 . we waited for ages because we had not been informed . in addition , although you advertised that discount tickets were available , they do not sell them any more according to your staff . finally , we went to the restaurant in your theatre after the show . it was closed because of the staff training . 
i am sure you can understand my disappointment . i must insist that you refund the cost of the show . unless i hear from you within ten days , i shall have to take legal advice on this matter . 
i look forward to hearing from you in the near future . 
yours faithfully , 
it is believed that our lifestyle has been changed by modern technology such as computers and washing machines etc , especially for families . i have found it very expensive to buy them but there are a number of advantages . 
first of all , dishwashers are very efficient convenient for me because i work full-time and look after my children . it is very difficult to cook and wash dishes after working . before buying my dishwasher i asked my son to wash them . he complained about that a lot . secondly , computers are useful for us as well , because we do not need to go somewhere if we want to get information , for example about travelling . 
however , my family members do communicate with each other less than they used to , because my children are keen on playing computer games . 
in my opinion , modern technology makes our lifestyle life convenient easier . it is very good for us but i think we should think more carefully when we buy something for our children . 
dear sir/madam , 
i am writing to you to explain to describe some problems i had when i went to the theatre to see one of your company's musical shows called " over the rainbow " . i would like to say that the information given in your advertisement was not true at all . 
first of all , the main actors were meant to be danny brook and tina truelove . i was very disappointed when i discovered danny brook was not going to play and a different actor would play it instead of him . 
another problem was with the start of the show . when i finished work i had to rush because the show started at 19:30 and it was 19:00 . to my surprise , when i arrived at the theatre the show still had not started . all of us , who had paid a lot of money for those tickets , had to wait a long time before the show started , because it started at 20:15 ! 
you should review the advertisements you do because you give inaccurate information . for example , the advertisement said we could buy tickets at a discount , but when i went to buy one your employees told me there were no discounts available . 
when the show was over i went to have dinner in your theatre restaurant but i found it closed because your company is lacking employees . 
in conclusion , what i expected to be " my perfect evening " , as you said in your advertisement , was a very disappointing evening due to the problems i had . i would like to know if i could have some money back for these problems i have told you about . 
i advise you to pay more attention to your shows and look forward to hearing from you as soon as possible . 
yours faithfully , 
manuel santos
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . two days ago i thought i could trust pat because she was not going to tell anybody our secret , our important secret . i wish i had never told her anything . 
it all began when , three days ago , i was doing some homework in my classroom . i was alone because pat had to go to the cinema with her parents . suddenly , i heard footsteps that were getting closer to me . it was paul , my teacher , who came to see what i was doing there . after a few words which i didn't pay attention to , my teacher left the classroom . i was bored , so i decided to follow him to discover where he was going . he was going down the stairs wearing his blue jacket . " see you tomorrow ! " i cried , but he didn't listen to me . then , while i was going back to my classroom i saw he hadn't switched off the light in his room . i went to switch it off . as soon as i entered that room i realised he had left our exams there . i couldn't believe my eyes ! the exams we had to do the next day were there . without thinking twice , i took one of them and quickly went home . i had to phone pat to tell her which questions were in the exam . when i told her the news , she was surprised . we thought we shouldn't tell anybody else . next day , in the morning , before the exam , we were going to put the exam back with the other exams . 
but my plan didn't work well . next day , everybody knew about my great find because pat hadn't kept our secret . the problem was that my teacher also knew about it because someone had told him " the story of the exam papers " , as he called my big problem . he told me i had done wrong taking the exam paper but i think the only thing i did wrong was telling pat my important secret . next time i will make sure i can trust who i'm telling my secret to . 
dear sir , 
i am writing to express my dissatisfaction with the musical show which the circle theatre has staged is staging . i recently had a week's holiday in london and during my stay i went to your theatre to see " over the rainbow " . my evening was very disappointing . 
in the advertisement , i had read that danny brook was starring but he was not . a different actor was performing during in the musical and he was very disappointing . 
the play should have started at 19 . 30 but it started forty-five minutes later , we were waiting there without to do anything anything to do . we got very bored and tired . 
after the show had finished , i went to the theatre restaurant to have something to drink and relax but it was closed because the staff was on holiday . 
moreover the discounts were not available as you said in the advertisement and i paid 20 . 
i would like a refund because it was one of the worst evenings of my life if . if this matter is not solved resolved , i will take it further . i hope that it will be resolved properly . 
yours faithfully , 
unfortunately , pat was not very good at keeping secrets . he and his friends got into trouble because of this habit last week . 
as they were watching tv at nick's house last sunday , sally noticed that their cat curly was hurt , and she could not walk . the children were very unhappy and felt sorry for the pet . " somebody hurt her and had left left her without help " , mourk said angrily . " we have to find him and make him pay for his action " , sally told them . everybody agreed with her . 
suddenly pat cried: " oh my lord , bad jon did this . yesterday , as i was arriving home , i saw him in your yard , mack . he looked very satisfied , curly was lying on the grass and . . . " " yes , oh lord he did it because we beat his team at football " , nick said . " he is so bad . we will make him pay . hey , listen guys , we will take his dog which he loves very much and we will sell it to sally who wants one . we will pay curly's vet with this the money that we will get get " , pat said . 
next morning , as pat was going to school , he met bad jon and said to him , " hey , you . we know what you have done and your dog will be sold " . bad jon understood and talked immediately to his father who was the school minister about the children's plan . of course they were punished . 
dear sir , 
last night , me and my family visited your theatre , and we had a very disappointing evening
in the advertisement the time when the show should start was 19 . 30 but it started at 20:15 . when i arrived at the theatre and asked for the discount , it wasn't available . in your advertisement the show was starring danny brook , and on the stage a played performed different actor different actor performed and his acting was very poor . the whole show and the acting was an profession like of a standard comparable to school theatre . when we decided to visit the theatre restaurant after the show it was closed because some decorating wasn't finished . it was this last point that got me angry . after everything that happened had happened we went to the hotel tipped and very affect . 
it wasn't the perfect evening out , as you promised in your a advertisement , and i want to ask for my money back . 
yours faithfully
alexy pasimov
in the last one hundred years science and technology has taken a big step , if we look back . similarly , more than 100 years ago people didn't have the light bulb . they just used a candle . nobody thought about the telephone , and telegraph . from a small village to the town was a very long way because people used a horse and wagon . 
and look at us now . every family now has a tv , to travel long distances we use not just the car but also the train and aeroplane . before we had a fantasy about how people might travel to other planets , and what we see now is a spaceship cruising in space . 
we spend the most of our lives operating computers . before it was only in our imagination imaginations . 
new technology has made our lives more comfortable and easier . everything that we do now we do with a computer : it helps to look after the house , to make to perform very difficult operations , because the computer can think much faster than a human . 
and i can continue my list in this way . . . because science never stops in one place . 
dear sir , 
i would like to complain about the show which you presented last saturday . it was such a disappointing evening out with my friend during our week's holiday in london . we have had a quite pleasant time except for that evening . actually it spoiled our time . so i would like to get back our money . 
these are some points i want to mention about the differences between what the advertisement said and the realities . 
first , i had a great expectation to see danny brook playing his role , but he had never shown up that night . the main actor was an unknown actor . it was such a disappointment . 
second , it only started at 20:15 . it was 45 minutes later than it was supposed to be . it was so boring to wait for the show in a noisy and hot theatre . 
third , there was no possibility of a discount . the girl who sold the tickets was laughing at me when i mentioned about how the discounts availability was written in the advertisement . 
fourth , the theatre restaurant was closed . there was a note on the door saying that painting was going on that weekend . how could you arrange work like that ? 
finally , the sentence that was written on the advertisement was absolutely not true . it was the most imperfect evening out i ever experienced . 
i hope that you can provide a better service next time , and this time you need to give back the money we paid . 
sincerely
yu phu tung . 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . 
since i moved to london to study english i have had a hard time making intimate friendships with people around me . 
first it was because of the culture difference . it took quite a long time to adjust to the multi culture in the language institute . secondly the language ability was another issue . even if i could meet some friend , i couldn't express my heat to them because we have different background backgrounds and our first languages were different . 
i really wished to have a friend with whom i could share everything that is going on in our lives . finally i met pat . she was such a wonderful person in our class . she tried to help others when they had a difficult time at school . one day she realized that i was always outside of the circle . 
one day she invited me to her flat . since then we have visited each other often and spent time together on the weekend usually . we had a fantastic time together for three months . we could even make a trip to paris in the school holiday ! we had many common interests in music , art and books . 
i thought that i had found a good friend in my life . so i told her everything about my life . there were some stories i never told anyone before , but i shared with her all my secrets . 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . a few days after i told her about my secret love story , it became top gossip among my classmates . it was a nightmare ! 
for the attention of the manager: i am writing to complain about the organization of the musical show that the circle theatre presented . firstly , it was said that the stars who were invited to the estatement were dany brook and tina truelove . however , dany brook did not act and was replaced by another actor who was terribly disappointing in his performance . in addition , the show was supposed to start at 19 . 30 but we could not enjoy the show until 20 . 15 . the advertisement for the show announced that we would be able to visit the theatre restaurant after the show but it was closed because the chef who runs the restaurant did not remember to bring the keys to open it . also , the advertisement said that discounts on the tickets would be available , but they were not . to conclude , i would be grateful if the organization running the theatre gave me my money back . yours sincerely , 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets and she told her mother what had happened during the concert . 
peter had a terrible problem with drugs . he started to consume the stuff at the age of twenty . he had problems at home because his mother wanted to settle down in australia , but peter was used to living in new york , where it is overcrowded and he was surrounded by people . australia is too calm a country for him . 
we invited him to the texas concert but he started to talk nonsense because of the drugs . firstly , he began to run around the crowd and also to hit the advertisements which announced the concert . a security guard saw this and turned his attention to him . pat stared at him and asked for help . the security guard heard her and agreed with pat that if peter continued acting in this way he would advise us to leave the concert . 
he did . 
when we arrived home , pat told his mother what had happened . 
17th june 2000
dear sir or madam , 
i'm writing to complain about the musical show 'over the rainbow . ' i visited i saw it yesterday evening in your 'circle theatre' . by the way , i would like to enquire about getting some money back . 
i read your advertisement for the show and i decided to have a wonderful evening by seeing it . i believed in the phrase with which the advertisement ended: 'your perfect evening out ! ' but nothing was perfect . 
the show should have started at half past 7 pm but nothing happened . i waited and it became 8 o'clock pm - nothing happened . at quarter past 8 pm the show started and i was looking for danny brook and tina truelove . but i saw some foreign actors i didn't know . i was very wrong and afraid about it and i remembered that this was the third problem that evening . when arriving at the theatre there were no discounts available . now i asked myself if there would be another problem . the problem came . the restaurant , which i decided to visit after the show to eat something , was closed without any explanation and the perfect evening was completely imperfect . 
i think these are reasons enough to enquire about getting some money back . 
i would be glad to get an answer from you . 
faithfully , 
bergut hunrtner
what will we wear 100 years from now ? 
fashion changes every year . do you remember what people wore 100 years ago ? and by the way , do you believe that they also thought the fashion never changed ? but fashion changes . 
100 years ago people wore long clothes and big skirts . you can say they wore a lot of clothes at one time . 
nowadays people wear less fewer clothes . often you cause wear very little but short skirts and tops . often you show your skin because it's popular to do that and everyone does it . so it will be possible to wear nothing in the future . a lot of things will be easier to do . 
but in the winter there's still a problem to solve . in the winter you'll freeze . but this problem is solving itself . the summers and winters get warmer . the reason for this is global warming , which is the solution for the problem and another reason why this idea is possible . 
but in some situations you have to wear something . the clothes you'll wear will be very extraordinary because of their special method of production . 
so don't laugh at this idea . think about this idea and perhaps you'll understand it . it's possible . 
17th june 2000
dear sir or madam , 
on 14th june 2000 i went to see your " over the rainbow " musical show and there are a few matters which i would like to bring to your attention . 
your advertisement featured " danny brook and tina truelove " as the main characters but in fact some other people replaced them that evening . 
the time mentioned on the tickets was 19:30 , however , the show started at 20:15 . 
when i came to london on holiday and purchased " the london city guide " i saw your advertisement explaining that people could buy discounted tickets for 5 in advance . well i tried to do so but the lady at the desk told me that there was a quota of tickets available at that price but were already sold out ! 
after the show we tried to go to your restaurant but unfortunately it was closed for renovation ! 
i was very disappointed with my supposed " perfect evening out " at your theatre and for all the above-mentioned reasons i am asking for a complete refund on the two attached tickets . 
yours faithfully , 
modern technology
" technology " is an appealing as well as an interesting word for me . from ancient times up to now science has allowed the world and human beings to develop positively and negatively . 
egyptians , mayas , incas , etc . had civilisations with great knowledge because they had mastered most of the fields of science we deal with today . 
back in the 30s the different governments invented guns , battleships and all kinds of weapons for their armies . military technology has affected our lives more than we think because most of the equipment we use was originally created by those people . 
the growing computer industry is leaving us less and less physical work due to a mechanical concept . biotechnology is providing us with the latest discoveries to heal or improve the human body to maintain it at its most efficient state . means of transport are also part of the overall technological advancement and allow us to go faster and further than before with less effort . 
besides all those improvements and comfort comforts i can't stop thinking where all this will lead us . i am keen on technology because i believe it should improve our lives , however , i dislike the idea that such a science might fall or have already fallen into wicked hands . 
dear sir or madam , 
i am writing this letter in order to complain about my unpleasant experience at your theatre . two days ago , i went to see the musical show " over the rainbow " at your theatre . the advertised starting time is 19:30 but for some unknown reason , the play didn't start until 20:15 . the audience were anxious and bored . 
what made things even worse was that the leading actor danny brook did not appear on the stage at all . an understudy took his place . we felt totally disappointed and cheated . after the show , i was hungry and tired . as your poster suggested , i intended to rest for a while at your restaurant . but when i got there , it had closed . in addition , the ticket office didn't offer me any discounts , as you had advertised on the poster , when i bought the ticket . 
i am sorry to say that i did not enjoy the evening at your theatre at all . i hope you can pay me the money back as compensation . i am waiting for your reply . 
yours faithfully 
modern technology has changed my daily life in two ways . first with a lot of advanced techniques being put to practical use , our living conditions become are becoming more and more convenient and comfortable . when we look around the house , it is easy to find things like a microwave oven , tv set , computer etc . all these items of equipment are applications of modern science . when you are planning to travel , you can choose a train , car or even a plane as your means of transportation . without the development of modern technology , it may take you several years to reach your destination . 
second , modern technology makes communication much easier and more enjoyable . with the spreading use of the internet , people living in different parts of the world can chat with each other via the web . and we can also share important information with other people . the development of information technology has changed the world into " a global village " . 
modern technology plays an important role in our lives . i am hoping to devote myself to its development . 
dear mr. 
i am writing to you because i was very disappointed with the show you have put on to attract people to come to your theatre . 
first of all , i came to see the play just because my favourite actress should have been in it , but she wasn't . the time of the evening performance on the ticket was 19 . 30 and actually it started at 20 . 15 , which forced visitors to stay in one place for 45 minutes , a waste of time . the ticket discounts were not available under any circumstances and the theatre restaurant was closed . 
i strongly recommend you to pay a minimum 50% of the full price that i paid . 
your faithful 
mr. farydone . 
fashion of the future . 
i think that in 100 years from now , the clothes fashion will be totally different . in my opinion the world itself will be different in temperature caused by as a result of global warming , also people will become nicer , less this will take place , so the clothes will mainly be made from cotton with smooth colours like dark green or grey . they will be comfortable clothes because the main point for any kind of clothing is to be comfortable . also there will be no leather or feathers used in making these clothes because by that time the animal population will fall have fallen and green peace will be very strong , much stronger and more powerful than it is now . so we can imagine the future fashion might be pleasant or unpleasant for different people . the style styles will be more or less similar to the same as each other and everyone will be satisfied with them . 
writen by h . farydone
dear sir:
i'm writing this letter to complain about the musical show i saw during my stay in london . this show was supposed to be a perfect event but actually i had a very disappointing evening . 
first of all , i want to say that i'm very keen on danny brook who was one of the main reasons why i decided to go . however , my favourite actor was not there . how could that happen ? 
i also would like to know why the show started at a quarter past eight instead of half past seven . i spent a lot of time waiting for the show to start . i really do understand that problems can always come up but it would not have been a problem for me if i had been informed about it . 
of course discounts were not available either , and the restaurant where we were supposed to eat afterwards was closed without any explanation at all . 
so , what should have been a nice evening out became a nightmare . 
i guess all my reasons are more than enough to get my money back . 
thank you very much:
yours faithfully:
modern technology has actually changed my life quite a lot . 
firstly i would like to talk about computers . a couple of years ago i bought a new computer and i had to learn all about them . even though it was my first one i managed and i got to know the way they work pretty fast . now , i'm just fascinated by the internet and i spend at least half an hour every day surfing the net , visiting lots of websites and getting all kinds of information for free . 
i'm impressed by communications as well . if i want to communicate with a friend in australia i just have to send him an e-mail , which is going to get to my friend in a little while . isn't that amazing ? 
i should not forget mobile phones . if i feel like talking to a friend i just have to call him and wherever he is i will be able to get through to him . several european companies like nokia or ericsson are focusing on mobiles and i have been told that in a couple of years it will be possible to send an e-mail either from a computer or from a mobile , which is going to be great . 
finally i want to say that three weeks ago i started working for a new company and my job is all about new technologies . i'm extremely happy because not only do i earn a lot of money but also i'm learning a lot . 
so , as you can see , modern technology has had an influence on my life . 
dear sir/madam 
i am writing to you about your musical show " over the rainbow " . i came went and saw it at the theatre but i was very disappointed . i came went to see a good show but i did not . danny brook was meant to be the starring actor but he was not , another actor took his place . that was very disappointing . the play was meant to start at 19 . 30 but it was very delayed . it started at 20 . 15 . 
and this is not all , there is more . in the advertisement you say that there is a discount available but it there was not . also the restaurant was closed because there was not any food left . 
i think the next time you write an advertisement you should put in the right information . 
i did not have a perfect evening with so many problems , so i am asking you to return give me some money back . 
i hope to hear from you soon . 
yours faithfully 
technology does technology have a bad or a good effect ? what does it offer to us ? how do people use modern technology ? let's see if we use modern technology , whether we have good or bad results . 
in the 18th century , technology started to grow more and more and the 20th century was named was called the century of technology . during that time technology made a great step forward . 
technology helps people . it informs people , hospitals use modern technology , and the computer helps staders and helps people do their job . 
but modern technology does a lot of bad things . a lot of country countries buy guns , for their safety defence they say , but they buy them to kill people . 
modern technology is affecting people in a good and bad way . we have to be very careful with technology . technology can't ever stop going forward , and so people always go forward but with the same effection of modern technology . technology is in our lives . 
matthias hhnel
104 mhlenstrasse
09111 chemnik
germany
the manager of the circle theatre
dear manager , 
during my stay in london i went to your circle theatre to see the musical 'over the rainbow' . in the advertisement you promised a perfect evening out , but it wasn't . so with this letter i want to ask for some money back . now i want to explain about the problems . it was very disappointing for me that the actor wasn't danny brook , as was promised in the advertisement . it also told also said that the evening shows started at 19 . 30 , but it started 20 . 15 . i had to buy a 20 ticket because discounts were not available . after the show i wanted to go to the theatre restaurant with my friends , but it was closed because of illness . so i want to ask for my money back , also i had to pay for but cancel the arranged taxi because of the wrong starting time in the advertisement . i hope you will answer my letter and solve the problems at your theatre . 
yours faithfully adolf schmidt
first you have to define what is meant by 'modern technology' . for me modern technology is things like personal computers , mobile phones , keyboards , video recorders , hi-fi sound systems , television or even cars . but are they useful in every situation and everywhere ? my opinion is that modern technology can help you to save time . in my case for example my car is very time-saving . if i want to go to training i need not wait for the bus , and so i need not start one and a half hours before training , i start half an hour before . so i save one hour , which i can use for other hobbies or for homework or something else . one finds the same problem with mobile phones , if i get have one i needn't go to the public phones , i save time . if i have got the internet i can send e-mails , i needn't go to the letter box , i save time . in my daily life i can save time , but i think everybody should use the the time he has saved for things like hiking , walking , swimming , for a " natural life " and not for a life in a technical world with stress and sorrows because we are humans and not robots . we should also move our body and not only use our brain . 
dear sir or madam , 
i recently visited your theatre to see the musical show " over the rainbow " . i was very disappointed because the actors weren't danny brook and tina truelove . instead of them you had different actors . then the show was delayed , it started at 20:15 , not at 19 . 30 . i had to wait 45 minutes ! another thing is that the discounts weren't available although i had read about them earlier in your advert . 
after the show was finished , i decided to drink something , but when i arrived at the restaurant it had been closed . but in your advertisement you wrote that people can visit the restaurant after the show . i can't understand this kind of mistake . 
you also wrote that the evening would be perfect . for me it wasn't and because of that i ask you to give me my money back . if you can't give me all the money back then do it partially . 
i will give you my phone number , you can reach me from 8 o'clock till 12 o'clock: 08532143251
please call me back soon . 
yours faithfully
carolina schwitt
how has modern technology changed your daily life ? 
modern technology has changed my daily life in the sense that everything i do is becoming easier . for example when i have to write a letter or do my homework , i always write it on the computer . if i search for something like a telephone number or an address i also look it up on the internet . i also use the internet when i need any information , for example if i need some information for school or privately , for myself . a few years ago i had to go to a library and look things up in many books . that took a long time . 
i think the advantage of modern technology is that everything i do goes very fast and i have more time for my hobbies or for friends . 
another important point for me is that things like listening to music or watching tv sound better and the pictures on tv are being improved , because the machines become better . and also a good intention for me is the mobile , because everywhere i go i can talk to other people . 
dear manager of the circle theatre , 
last night , i came to your musical show , " over the rainbow " , and i was very disappointed because it wasn't like what you wrote in your advertisement . for example , your advertisement said that the stars were danny brook and tina truelove , but at the show they were not there ! there were kevin starr and jessica richmond . for me , this a big mistake . this problem was not the only one because another problem was with respect to the time . your advertisement said that the show would start at 19:30 pm , but it started at 20:15 pm . i don't like to have such big change in time . the third problem was that it was writing written that discounts were available , but when i got there it was not true . the fourth problem was that the theatre restaurant was supposed to be open after the show , but once again it was a lie because the restaurant was closed for renovation . finally , i can tell you that i spent the worst evening in all my life at your show and that one more time your advertisement lied to say " you will have a perfect evening ! " after all these complaints , i am sure that you will understand why i would like to have my money back and that i was disappointed last night . so i wish to hear from you soon . 
yours sincerely 
leia beroni
how has modern technology changed your daily life ? 
modern technology , such as computers , cars and other things , have changed my life in many different ways such as communication , travelling and working . for example , a car , which is used by everyone every day , changed my daily life in the sense that i don't need my dad or my mum to go ice-skating or to go to work . i can do it by myself and for me it is important not only because of technology , but because i can show that i am responsible . with this car i can see the world , not exactly , but i can travel and visit other countries than switzerland . 
another piece of technology that changed my life is the computer because you can do many things with it , like homework , work , photos , but the most important in my eyes is communication with my friends from different parts of the world via the web . this is a big step for technology and i can say that it is the most important for me because i like to have a lot of friends . so i spend almost one hour every day on the web . finally the piece of technology that i would like to emphasise is the tv . this is a good one because you can see what is happening around you and everywhere else on earth . naturally technology is everywhere even in the kitchen , for example a special plate or something else , and i could talk a lot about them , but i think that the one thing here something is the most important in changing my daily life . 
dear sir or madam , 
i am writing in order to complain about the show " over the rainbow " , which played in the " circle theatre " , because the information which was given in your advertisement was not true at all . 
first of all , i would like to say something about the star : i went to the theatre because i wanted to see danny brook , but once there i found an actor who i had never heard of . so the main purpose of my visit had disappeared failed . 
another point is the time when it started , exactly 45 minutes late . a serious theatre can't fail on such an important thing , the time of the performance . i had to wait all that time in the street , because the hall was not big enough . moreover , once i was paying for the tickets , i found another thing out : there were no discounts available . in your advertisement you informed us of their false existence . 
but there is still another point: the theatre restaurant where i had decided to have supper was closed , without anyone giving the reason . i had to go back to the hotel , because all the restaurants in the area were absolutely completely crowded . 
summing up , you might have realised that that wasn't " my perfect evening out " which you promised , so i would like you to give me the money i paid for the ticket back . this might be the only way i keep on relying on your theatre . 
i hope i will receive an answer . 
yours faithfully
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets , and because of this pat caused a big , but stupid , problem . 
it was late in the night , and pat was thinking about something nick had told her that afternoon: - " don't tell marie i was here " . nick was marie's boyfriend , and marie was a very good friend of hers . they were in the shopping centre , and the problem was that nick wasn't alone , he was with a very beautiful girl . what could pat do ? that morning marie had told her that nick couldn't go to the cinema with her because he had a lot of work to do in the afternoon so . . what was he doing there with that girl ? 
in the end pat phoned marie and told her: she was a very good friend . marie was so shocked that , as soon as pat had stopped speaking , she phoned nick and , without letting him say anything , she broke up their relationship . 
but the truth was very different , because what nick was doing there was something which had nothing to do with what pat had thought . nick was there because the following sunday would be a very special day for him: he would have been going out with marie for three years , and he wanted to buy a present for her . but . . what about the girl ? she was his cousin ! she works as a model , and she was advising him about what clothes , etc , . . . to buy for her . 
pat couldn't keep that secret , and in spite of helping marie , she made a couple break up . 
london , 1st of june 2000
mister jones , 
i'm omadar , a spanish male of eighteen years old who is spending in this town a week's holiday a week's holiday in this town . i decided to go to a play at the theatre of which you're the manager to see " london's newest and best musical show . " my opinion ? 
i had a very disappointing evening . first , danny brook didn't appear in " over the rainbow " , his part was played by danny de vito . also , the play started forty five forty-five minutes later than the time announced . i can understand that a play can start fifteen minutes late , but not forty five forty-five . second , my wife and i paid 20 for the tickets and we asked for discounts . the receptionist who gave me the tickets told me that no discounts were available that night . after a boring play , i decided to go to the theatre restaurant , but peculiarly it was closed . i decided to go home and make some sandwiches . the principal reason i'm writing to you at the moment is that i want my money back , because i felt so disappointed with the theatre and also with the play . 
yours sincerely , 
it's a good question , because i never have asked it to myself have never asked myself it . i think modern technology is changing my daily life so much and also changing the lives of others like me . 
before modern technologies arrived , you couldn't communicate as easily as we can do today . 
an example could be the internet . it changed my life , because with it i can find more information than i can in a newspaper , and also information from all around the world , which possibly never i could i could never possibly access without the internet . but , it is not only news or information . you can communicate with people in places where you would never imagine going to because it would be too expensive . an example could be the popular chat rooms , where people write with the keyboard what they want to tell . but , if you don't like using the keyboard to say something or communicate to communicate , you can use video conferencing , a system which lets you talk with other people simply with a microphone and speakers . also there is the potential to download things to your pc like software , pictures and , also , music . the modern technologies mean i am able to listen the music i've downloaded with the same quality as a cd , and if i buy a reproductor , i can carry this music everywhere . 
also computers and mobile phones have evolved thanks to modern technologies . without this evolution , we would probably still be in ancient times . who wants to return to ancient times ? no electricity , no canalized water , no healthy water , no tvs , no phones , no pcs . . i'm afraid that the people in ancient times lived although they didn't have any of these things , but me and everyone in these times , i'm afraid that we wouldn't like to return to this life . also , i think that modern technologies are necessary , but also i think that they are expensive , but with time , the price goes down . so , if the price goes down it is because something new is at available to sell . it is like a circle . 
dear sir or madam , 
i am writing to complain about the musical show , which i have seen in the circle theatre on 6th june . on that date , i decided to spend one evening seeing a musical show as i was on holiday in london and was interested in the musical show . but things started to go wrong from the beginning . 
the first problem was the price of tickets . i expected to buy a ticket cheaply but no discounts were available . another problem was that the show started forty-five minutes late . i found the theatre rather noisy as i arrived very early to sit in the front row . although i got a bit annoyed , i tried to have a good time . 
however , something wrong occurred again . the actor 'danny brook' , whom you advertised in the brochure , did not play a part in the show . and i was really disappointed with the different actor's performance . he kept forgetting his lines . finally , i went to the restaurant to have something for dinner after the show , but it was closed because it was being refurbished . i am not satisfied with your show as it was completely different from the advertisement . 
i am therefore writing to ask for a full refund . i expect to receive a cheque for 20 . i look forward to hearing soon . 
yours faithfully

it's completely different ! 
have you ever been to a fashion show named " new trend , new millennium " ? 'it's completely different ! how can we go out wearing those clothes ? ' this is what my friend said the other day when she went to see the show with me . 
these days , new designs and new trends are coming out every day , sometimes we are shocked by them in comparison with the days when we were young . however , it doesn't seem to take long for most young people to get used to it , so we can imagine what clothes will be like in the future . 
in my opinion , i believe that clothes indicate the individual's creativity as well as social situation . we never know whether we might look like robots because it will be the electronic age . on the other hand , some people refuse to wear that sort of clothes so they prefer to wear nothing . 
let's face it . clothes are always changing . but the question no one can answer is what will be in fashion in 100 years time ? 
sir , 
i'm writing to you because i want you to give the money back , which i spent on your show - " london's newest and best musical show: over the rainbow " , presented in the circle theatre . 
in fact , unlike the perfect evening out that you promised in your advertisement , i had a very disappointing evening . 
firstly , i expected to see danny brook in the show , but he was replaced by another actor . why was he not there ? 
moreover i had to wait forty-five minutes for the beginning of the show . and i hate to wait ! there were also the discounts which weren't available . 
and to finish , the restaurant was closed , for reasons you didn't tell us . so i couldn't eat that evening . 
hoping you'll comply with my request . 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . so the surprise we prepared for leon's birthday had failed . however , we'd started to plan for it one month before . to start with , i wanted to bring him to my house where everybody would wait for him . but he wanted to stay at home . so sigone thought of the greatest idea . we would pretend to have bought a dog for him . leon hates dogs , and i don't know why . so we had to find a dog that leon wouldn't recognise . and i found one . i had a friend who had just got a little dog . but he was pat's friend too , and pat explained everything to leon . no luck . 
dear manager
i am writing this letter to complain about the circle theatre . i went to the theatre last weekend to see " over the rainbow' . i read your advertisement . however , it was different from the fact . i had a very disappointing evening . 
firstly , danny brook did not appear as you had promised . a different actor appeared instead of him . it was disappointing . 
secondly discounts were not available . even though i brought a discount token which i was given by a travel agency . 
what's more , the theatre restaurant was closed when the show finished , because the show started at 20:15 . it should have started at 19:30 as you said in your advertisement , and you should not have closed it before the show finished . 
it was not a perfect evening whatsoever . i would like to ask for my money back . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours faithfully
fashion of the future . 
my grandchildren will wear fish-liked-suit 100 years from now . as you can imagine , people will be lazier than now . everything will be useful and convenient , even fashion . 
more or less
the clothes will be more comfortable but less decorative . people will put on fitted suit fitted suits such as diving suits or perhaps wear nothing . for instance , people will not care about what other people see . or maybe we will not need to see each other any more . 
male or female
between male and female will not be important with clothes in 100 years' time . the most important thing will be your figure , such as long legs or pear-shaped . 
traditional or contemporary 
even though the clothes become so , the traditional clothes will continue to exist , because fashion has repeated many times in the circle . 
in conclusion , the clothes will be more interesting than now for everybody . 
dear manager: i am angela ounis and i am writing to you because i went to see 'over the rainbow' , london's newest and best musical show . i am very disappointed by this evening's show . first of all , the stars that were supposed to be there ( danny brook and tina truelove ) weren't there . i was so enthusiastic about your stars , when i realized they had been replaced , even though the replacements did were good , it wasn't the same . i arrived there at 19:15 . the show was supposed to start at 19 . 30 , but started at 20:15 . it cannot be possible that a schedule for a show can be changed that much . you go there to see a show and have a good time , not to wait for ever for what you want . also it was said that discounts would be available , but i didn't receive any discount as you were cheating us . i know that you have a big responsibility but if you have told something to people , stick to it . also , the theatre restaurant was closed because they've got a problem with the schedule's organization . that was so unpleasant , people were starving . i am so disappointed with this that i am within my rights to ask for some money back , your theatre show wasn't what was expected . please let me know . sincerely yours
how has modern technology changed your daily life ? 
i am 17 years old , and my life has been very normal . since i got a computer with a connection to the internet , my social life has changed . now i have more friends and i have more fun . this has helped me a lot , because i can talk with my friends who live in other countries . 
computers have a lot of programs that help you communicate with others in an easier way . 'speak freely' is fantastic , you don't pay and you can hear the voice of the one you miss . this has opened another world to me , distances aren't so sad , they are closer shorter . 
i have learned a lot with the internet . it gives me the possibility opportunity to know more about things i never knew about . it is incredible how it opens up another reality , a different view of life . 
now i have a different lifestyle , i am more open to the world's problems and progress . i am interested in reading articles and developing myself . 
technology has given me another life , it has helped me . my knowledge has been developed and also my lifestyle . i think that modern technology is our future , we don't have to depend on it , but we have to work for the biggest improvement . 
mr jon stevens , 
last month i was in london for a week to visit your wonderful city and with the intention of seeing at your theatre the famous musical show over the rainbow the famous musical show over the rainbow at your theatre but in all my life i have never had such a disappointing evening . 
first of all , my cousin , who lives there , had had many problems with the tickets . the line-up was changed and that was the worst surprise i could have had . my greatest wish was to see danny brook's performance; you know he's the best singer . but instead of him there was an unknown young actor . what a pity , i thought . 
i arrived there on time , 19:15 , in fact you wrote that the show would be starting at 19:30 , but i had to wait until 20 . 15 . what an absurd thing , don't you think so ? the quality of the show wasn't as high as i expected . i hadn't thought about a restaurant to go to after the show , because if the advertisement had been right , there should have been a luxury restaurant where i could eat . but it was closed because it was under construction . 
because of the quality of the evening i had , the only thing you can do is give me back at least the half of the cost of the ticket . to apologise and give the impression of being a serious theatre . i'd rather i had been at home watching my tv in italy ! 
i hope that my request is accepted . 
yours sincerely 
we are in the age of technological development , of that there can be no doubt . 
what technology could be out of control ? since the scientific revolution and the industrial revolution , between the 17th and 18th centuries there have been sudden changes in our daily way of life . 
nowadays , especially in the western area of the world , science and technology have taken great , enormous steps in direction of the the direction of progress . not only for the great nations , but also for each of their inhabitants . 
today it's absurd not to know how a computer works , or how to use the internet
i can buy , today , a book while i am comfortable at home , can communicate with other friends faster than before . i can have my homework done by a calculator can do my homework by calculator etc . in the future i imagine i could fly on my own ! 
for me it's very important that my mobile and computer are never broken . i think i would go crazy without them , not only me but the majority of us . 
but sometimes i'd rather switch them off and think of what i might be wasting , like love and friendship . i wish all the world would do the same . 
vico says that progress stops when man has noticed that he has been wasting those values . 
to . mr or mrs manager of circle theatre . 
hi . my name is taeron jon . and i would like to inform you that something is not right and is unfair about your theatre . i recently had a week's holiday in london . during my stay i went to your theatre to see a musical show and unfortunately i had a very disappointing evening . 
the advertisement that you distributed through all the magazines was totally untrue . which so called " rip off " . 
first of all , you said danny brook was in the play but a different actor was in the role . it was just unbelievably disappointing because the reason , i mean the main reason , which made me go was to see danny brook . 
secondly , about the time . if it's delayed you should have told us before . not waiting there for almost 1 hour doing nothing . due to the late start , it finished at 1 am and my taxi which i booked just left so i had to wait outside for another hour to get a taxi . it was freezing outside and i got a horrible cold because of that . 
lastly , about the ticket . the advertisment said ' discounts available' but no way , i had to pay the full  20 . 00 and the restaurant was closed because of rebuilding or something . however , the point that i am trying to make is that you just ruined my holiday . for me , it's not easy to get a holiday and your play just blew my precious time away . 
let me make it clear , you wasted my time and money . i don't think your play worth  20 . 00 . 
your advertisement was unfair . as you are a manager , you have responsibility for justifying this problem . and i have a right to get fair treatment as a customer . 
so , therefore , i would like you to pay some money back . i am not asking for full payment but at least 50% of what i paid for nothing but the disappointment . 
thank you . 
yours
taeron jon
fashion of the future . 
fashion , what is fashion ? popular design of clothes . in a particular time ? maybe . but i say fashion is artistic inspiration which is expressed by fabric and all sorts of material . in some way , fashion is combined with science as well . 
nowadays , fashion plays a big role in our daily life . a million kinds of fashion magazines and newspaper newspapers tell you how much people are interested in fashion . 
what about after 100 years ? i believe we'll be more into fashionable stuff . as i said before , fashion is somehow influenced by science and inspirations that we get from all sorts of environment environments . 
scientific developments produce new materials like waterproof or fireproof fabrics . for example , costume of astronauts space suits . 
these days we are very interested in space and the millennium and things and many designers have shown millennium looks recently . but we don't wear them . frankly we can't because we think it's too odd or strange . 
but what about 100 years later ? i expect human beings'll beings will live on other planets and travel around under the sea . 
i think people will wear those spacy- and cyber looking cyber-looking clothes after a century . what do you think ? 
can you imagine you and your friends going on a picnic to the moon with a silvery skirt with astronaut boots with fire coming out at the bottom of your boots ? it could be more fascinating . 
endless imagination and development of technology will lead us to future fashion . 
dear sir
i am writing in order to complain about the terrible night i had in your theatre . 
firstly i want to complain about what you wrote in the brochure . it was completely wrong ! 
i was disappointed to find out that the actor was not the one you wrote about . i discovered this only when the play started , and that was very late ! 
secondly , as i wrote before , the play started late , and for me it was terrible to wait forty-five minutes . 
thirdly , i was very embarrassed to discover there were no discounts at the entrance . 
finally i couldn't eat either . in fact the restaurant was closed , which was not what i'd expected . 
for these reasons i would like to ask for my money back . because for me it was not a " perfect evening out " . 
i am sure this letter will receive your prompt attention . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours faithfully
unfortunately , pat was not very good at keeping secrets . this was like an illness for him . so many times he was told: " pat , i will tell this secret only to you " . pat could stand this secret only a few days , after which the secret came from deep inside , and had to be said . this was terrible for his friendships : he always lost his friends . he wanted to die because of this . the worst thing was that he could not improve this behaviour . one day fortune helped our poor pat . on the bus he saw a thief while he was stealing a wallet , he wanted to scream , but he was astonished . when the robber realised he could be discovered and he said , " if you don't keep this secret i will kill you " . pat , as he always did , couldn't keep the secret , even if he was scared . eventually the robber was caught by the police , and for his bravery and honesty he had a lot of friends . 
dear sir , i'm writing to express my displeasure about the organization of the musical show i went to last saturday evening . according to your advertisement , danny brook should have been there , starring in all the scenes . instead , you changed the actor without any warning , so i didn't see my favourite danny brook , which was a total disappointment , as his substitute couldn't match him at all . and what about the starting time ? i had to wait for about an hour , as the show started at 20 . 15 instead of 19 . 30 . another thing that made me angry was that i couldn't get a discount . i was very annoyed about it: i only expected the discounts you had promised in the advertisement and , as i am a university student , i should have a right to one . on top of everything , your theatre restaurant was closed because it was being restructured repaired , so i couldn't have my dinner either ! it was a terrible evening out , so i ask you for a refund for all the trouble you caused me . yours sincerely , 
most people think modern technologies aren't as positive as they are often presented to be . 
my personal theory is completely different . i always have a positive approach with all of the most recent inventions or any other kind of modern application appliance . 
we live in the age of personal computers , of the internet , of the mobile phone , and now for me it's impossible to think of a world without them . it's already four years since i bought my first cellular phone ( since then i have changed it many times ) and it is always very useful for me: everyone can speak with me wherever i am . when , for example , i go abroad i feel closer to my friends and to my family than before . 
anyway , the thing that has changed my daily life most is the personal computer and , especially , the internet . for example , now i'm writing my thesis , but i use my pc every time i have to write a document that has to look perfect . 
then , surfing on the internet is becoming my passion: it's incredible how many unthinkable activities you can do with it . it's simply fantastic ! 
dear sir/madam , 
i would like to point out the problems i encountered when i went to watch your musical show 'over the rainbow' at the circle theatre . 
in your advertisement , you had written that danny brook and tina truelove would be performing . however , i noticed when i was watching it that a different actor was performing . i had expected danny brook to perform and it was extremely disappointing . 
also , the times printed in your advertisement were 14 . 30 and 19:30 . i went to the 19:30 show , but it did not start until it was 20:15 . i had my evening planned out and i was not pleased that the show started forty-five minutes late . 
in your advertisement , it said that discounts were available for the tickets . however , when i was there to buy a ticket , there were no discounts available . 
i was rather thirsty and hungry after the show and your advertisement made a cup of tea and some cakes in your restaurant sound rather inviting . however , to my disappointment , the restaurant was closed because it was being redecorated . 
it was not my 'perfect evening out' , as your advertisement said it would be , and i would like some money back . i hope you will give these problems your immediate attention . 
yours faithfully , 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . one minute i told her the biggest secret of my life ; the next she had told someone all about it . i trusted her ! how could i have been so stupid , so blind as not to see her inability to keep the biggest secret about my biggest crush ever ? 
when i overheard girls from other forms gossiping about me and my latest crush , i was furious . i was seething . on that day , pat and i stopped being friends . 
i moved away that year , to a whole new place and a whole new school . once in a while my old schoolmates came and visited me and we had lots of fun together , just like the old times . however , i felt i could not talk to them about the problems i was having , the one problem about my parents getting a divorce . 
when my parents told me the news , i was stunned , dazed . my dad began packing his things the very next day , to move to his new apartment where he would live while waiting for the divorce papers and signing them . that period of my life was one of the worst . i went into a depression , and no matter who tried to make me feel better , i only felt worse . 
however , the person who helped me through this hard time was , surprisingly , pat . she showed up on my doorstep just when i was having one of my worst days . she told me she had heard about my parents' divorce and wanted to help . when she was comforting me i noticed she had changed . she was a person i could turn to , i could trust . she let me pour out my feelings , a thing i did not do with anyone . ever since , she has had my trust and i have told her my feelings and secrets . unlike a year ago she did not tell a soul . she kept every single one of my secrets well , and , not surprisingly , she became my best friend . eventually , i got over my parents' divorce and lived like a normal , happy teenager . 
my happiness was short-lived . when i came home from school one day , i received a phone call from pat's mum , and in a voice choked with tears she told me that pat had died in an accident . she had been killed by a speeding car . 
the news shook me to the very core . i cried for days on end , eating and sleeping very little . i fell into a deep depression , and took an extremely long time to recover . 
i still miss pat , but my pain is nearly over now . i could only comfort myself by reminding myself that at least she died knowing i had forgiven her for telling my secret . 
dear manager , 
i saw your advertisement for your show at the circle theatre , over the rainbow . i went to it , but i was really disappointed about something . 
first the show , over the rainbow , started at 20:15 , and in the advertisement it was written that it would start at 19:30 . then it was also written that the actor was danny brook , but in the show a different actor appeared , that was really disappointing . also it was written in the advertisement that some discounts were available , but there weren't any discounts . and because of the time that the show started i couldn't go to the theatre restaurant because it was closed . 
sir , i was very disappointed with the show so i want my money back , and i am sure you will understand my reasons . 
yours faithfully , 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets , and she went to her house to talk about the things i had told her . first she said to her father , then to her mother and finally to her brother , that i was from another planet called orion , that was a billion kilometre kilometres from earth and then i was so ashamed because i have been her boyfriend since i came to earth . 
my confession caused a disaster in her life and that of her family , and they called the police to take me off of the planet or to be arrested , so that i couldn't see her again . 
the police caught me , when i was peacefully in my room , and put me , covered with something , in a car . after they caught me i think they brought me to area 57 , where the police do experiments . 
since then i have lived in area 57 , and this is my diary . i don't now when i am going to be free to go to my planet . 
dear sir , 
i address this letter to the manager of the theatre . 
i want to talk to you about an evening i had in your theatre , seeing : over the rainbow . 
your advertisement was excellent and it gave me a lot of enthusiasm . but i had a very disappointing evening and it was because of many things . 
first point , i didn't see danny brook . i went to see him but there was a different actor . 
second point , the show was meant to begin at 7:30 pm but we waited for forty five forty-five minutes to see the show start . 
third point , your advertisement told us about a " discount available " on the price of the ticket but there wasn't one . 
fourth point , after the show , i wanted to visit your theatre restaurant but it was closed and no one knew why ! 
well , as you see , it wasn't a " perfect evening out ! " and i think that you could give me some money back because i really have the impression that your advertisement is wrong . i'm waiting for your reply , 
yours faithfully , 
we live in a society where technology makes progress every day . we can find some everywhere . then , i think it's interesting to answer the following question:
how has modern technology changed my daily life ? 
my plan is very simple: a description first and an analysis second . 
every day at 7:00 a . m , i am woken up by my radio . afterwards , when i have my breakfast , i use my toaster for my bread and , as i want hot milk , i use my modern cooker too . when i go to school , i can see the new tools they've just received in many stores . 
but i think that the most important thing is my cellular phone: i can make a call or receive a call from anywhere . 
this little essay shows that i depend on technology and , moreover , because i'm in an electronic engineering school , i'm keen on technology . 
i don't know if it is good or bad but we are a generation which has grown up with technology's progress . modern technology doesn't change my daily life , it just allows me to evoluate in this new world . . . . 
dear sir/madam , 
i'm writing to complain about the show that i recently attended at your theatre . during my visit there some problems occurred that made my evening completely disappointing . 
firstly , when i wanted to buy a ticket , i was informed that no discounts were available . however , the serious problems appeared later . the play not only started 45 minutes after it was planned , but when the actors eventually appeared on the stage , i also saw that danny brook had been replaced by a different actor , who was very disappointing in his role . to make matters even worse , the theatre restaurant was closed after the show , without any information being given about the reason for its closure . 
as you see , my evening in your theatre really wasn't perfect . i hope i will get a full refund . i am looking forward to hearing from you soon . 
yours faithfully
have you ever thought of the year 2100 ? do you think that the world will be different from the present-day world then ? i would answer " yes " to both questions . and if i were asked , " what will be completely different in the year 2100 , " i would say: clothes . 
most of the scientists , when asked about the earth in a hundred years , claim that it is going to be absolutely scorching here then . 
in my opinion , if the weather is so good people will very quickly forget about any winter clothes . what is more , the ground will be so hot that walking will only be possible in huge shoes , which will be massive , but not heavy at all . another effect of the scorching weather could be that people won't be allowed to go out of the building unless they wear specially designed caps or hats , made of materials that aren't known yet . 
on the whole , we can only guess what clothes will be like in the year 2100 . but in case my predictions are right , maybe you should buy a new pair of shorts ? 
dear sir , 
i am from brazil and i recently spent had a holiday in london . during my stay i read an advertisement for a musical show being put on at the circle theatre . as i was reading the advertisement i got very excited , because i am a great fan of danny brook , and he was going to be performing in the musical . when i got to the theatre i asked for the discounts shown in your advertisement , but they were not available . anyway , i decided to buy my ticket , since i thought the play was going to be good . so i sat in my chair and waited for 45 minutes until the show started , which is an unacceptable delay . 
despite this i was still excited about the show , but then i suddenly realised that danny brook was not performing , he had been replaced by an extremely disappointing actor . 
the night was terrible , but it could have been saved by a nice dinner in your restaurant , but it was closed because the heater was not working due to a leak . as you can see it was not the perfect evening out your advertisement talked about . so , i would be glad if you could give me my money back . 
yours faithfully , 
how has modern technology changed your daily life ? 
modern technology has brought us many inventions which have made our daily lives much easier . for example , the internet has given us the opportunity accessing to access reliable information very fast . 
i guess science is about solving our daily problems with technological advances . that is exactly what has happened to me . when i was younger , i remember that when i had to study or to work on a school project i would take a lot of time researching in libraries , looking for old books . today i can connect to the internet and find all the information i need faster than you can imagine . 
but technology is not just about studying , it is entertainment too ! i can watch pay-per-view films without having to go out to rent one . i can also listen to cds , play the latest games , watch concerts . . everything in a zap . you also have fast food , or food made in the microwave within a few minutes . 
as you can see , technology is about saving time , so we may have more time to do what we like . in my opinion , technology is making my life much better by doing that . 
dear sir , 
i am writing to you because of the latest musical show you put on in the circle theatre . 
i am keen on musicals and i have seen many of them in different parts of the world . unfortunately , the one i saw a week ago in the circle theatre was one of the worst . 
here are some arguments facts explaining why me and many other people from the audience are so disappointed . 
first of all , the musical should have started at 19 . 30 but unfortunately we had to wait forty-five minutes . it was a waste of time . 
moreover , the advertisement for the show says that the main role in the musical is played by the great danny brook . i must admit i'd been looking forward to seeing him . in fact on the stage appeared a completely different person . 
also , discounts for tickets weren't available . 
after the show , together with my friends i went to the theatre restaurant to have a romantic supper . unfortunately it was closed for no good reason . 
at the end of my letter i would like to ask if it is possible to have some money back . 
i would be very pleased if you answered my request soon . 
yours faithfully , 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . besides this little thing she is actually perfect . but to make everything clear i'll start from the beginning . it was two years ago . 
school finished and we , i mean pat , tim and me , didn't know what to do with so much spare time . i didn't want to spend that holiday with my parents in the country . i was old enough to go somewhere only with my friends . tim made a suggestion about going to the seaside in his new car . it seemed fantastic but we knew our parents would never agree . we had to find another way out . we planned to tell them that we were going to a summer camp in the mountains where we would practise french . our parents were very pleased and happy we were so ambitious . of course , we didn't want to go there , it was just a " cover " . we prepared tents and other relevant equipment and we waited . we promised to keep it secret . 
two days before going , pat was packing her luggage and asked her mother to help her . during their chat pat mentioned the seaside and her mother found out that something was wrong . pat started to cry and told everything . 
as a result we were grounded for all the holidays and all because of our almost perfect pat . 
june 17th , 2000
dear sir/madam , 
i am writing to complain about the musical 'over the rainbow' , performed at the circle theatre last week . 
to begin with , there were no discounts available , and nobody seemed to be able to explain the reason why . second , the musical started forty-five minutes late ! and , to make matters worse , the actor was not danny brook as the advertisement said . the new actor was not as good as danny brook , and he did not perform in the show as he should have done . 
finally , i found that the theatre restaurant was closed because there had been problems with one of the ovens . 
what was supposed to be a perfect evening out turned out to be a disappointing one instead . i am afraid something should be done about this , and i urge you to refund my ticket . 
i am looking forward to receiving your response . 
yours faithfully , 
it is often said that technology has changed our lives in many ways , and that we live better now . however , technology has also brought many problems to society . 
technology creates for me a lot of new possibilities every day , and it also makes everything easier . if i want to know how a friend is , i just have to phone him; i can see how the world is getting on just by switching on the television , and i can cook in a few minutes using the microwave oven . 
however , there are a lot of negative aspects to the way that technology affects my life . as technology develops so fast , there are always new things to buy , and it also reduces the amount of jobs available , so it is getting hard to find a job . 
in conclusion , i think that technology has two faces which affect my life as well as everybody else's life . i believe that we should try to change these bad aspects , or learn to live with them . 
dear sir/madam , 
i'm writing to complain about my horrible evening at the circle theatre on 10th june 2000 . 
last week i was on holiday in london and i went to the theatre for entertaining but i wish i'd not gone there because everything went wrong . 
i bought a ticket at the box office but there were not any discounts for students like you said in the advertisement for the show and also the show was meant to start at 19 . 30 but on that day it delayed was delayed about 45 minutes . during the show i expected to see danny brook , who is my favourite actor , and tina truelove . there were robert alan and jack ruby instead of them . it really disappointed me . after the show finished i wanted to visit your restaurant and i found that it was closed . 
there was a sign in front of the restaurant : " sorry we are closed for special reasons " . and i was wondering what were the reasons the reasons were for that . 
finally , i would like to have a refund for my ticket because it was a horrible evening . 
i'm looking forward to hearing from you soon . 
yours faithfully , 
paya chuaswee ( miss ) 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . that was why our great plan for our holiday was not be real . 
it happened last summer . we planned to go on holiday in the southern southern part of thailand by motorbike but we couldn't tell our parents because they wouldn't allow us to go . 
we started our journey and we arrived at our destination by 6 o'clock in the evening . the sun was shining and the wind was blowing like we had imagined . while i was standing on the beach , suddenly i heard someone call my name and say that i had to go home . that is right , it was my mum . she told me pat had phoned her while we were leaving and my mum followed us because it was so dangerous to go by bicycle . even through even though we could spend our holiday there but with my mum and i just found that it was fantasy time which i had never thought about it . 
from now on , i don't want to tell anything secret to pat tell pat anything secret because she always tells someone else but she is still my best friend . 
dear sir or madam , 
i am writing to give my opinion about the musical show called " over the rainbow " . 
i recently had a week's holiday in london and during my stay , i went to the circle theatre to see " over the rainbow " . to tell the truth , it was a very disappointing evening . when i first read the advertisement , i thought that it would be fun . 
in the advertisement , it wrote said that the show was london's newest and best musical show . well , it might be the newest one but certainly , it was not the best one . i thought that the actor of the show was danny brook , but he was not playing in the show . the actor was somebody else and this was disappointing . 
the show should have started at 19:30 but it started at 20:15 which meant i had to wait there for 45 minutes . and also , it wrote said that discounts were available but they were not . 
after the show , i decided to visit the theatre restaurant but it was closed . on the door , there was a note saying that the restaurant was closed because of the illness of the cook . 
i had paid paid 20 and now i would be pleased if you would give some of my money back . it was a terrible evening out for me . i hope the next musical show will be a better one . 
yours faithfully , 
modern technology
in the past , everything was very different . people had completely different lifestyles . 
people used candles to see around them . in winter , they used to burn some wood to keep warm . " computer " was a word that nobody knew the meaning of . as my mum told me , when she was young , only a few people had televisions in their houses . and of course , they were black and white . their hobbies were listening to the radio , reading books or sitting on a chair without doing anything . 
modern technology has changed our daily life a lot . we use mobile phones so it doesn't matter if we are in a crowded city or in a desert . you can communicate with other people any time you want . nearly 90 per cent of people know how to use a computer and computers are used in every area of our lives . we also have the internet , with which you can learn something about the world in less than a minute . 
modern technology is very important for all the countries . it has a very big role in developing a country . when you look around , you can easily understand that modern technology is used for everything . 
i think we are all very lucky people that we aren't using candles or black and white televisions anymore . 
dear sir or madam , 
i saw your advertisement yesterday . i have visited the circle theatre . i would like to say that i am not satisfied with it . 
first of all , there were different actors . i was disappointed . the other point is that the organization was very bad . for example , it was said the show started at 19 . 30 but it started at 20:15 . i waited around one hour . now i have a cold because it was so cold that evening . thirdly , i would like to enquire about the tickets . firstly , twenty pounds is a lot of money for such a organization ; also it was said that a discount was available . it was untrue . i paid twenty pounds . 
the other thing i would like to ask is why it is said this is london's newest and best musical show . i can say it is the worst musical show . and i was invited to visit the theatre restaurant after the show . but it was closed because there was not anything to drink or to eat . finally it was not the perfect evening out . 
in conclusion , i really did not like it . i want to ask if it is possible to give me my money back . 
i look forward to your letter . 
yours faithfully
modern technology has changed my daily life very much . at present , technology develops rapidly . in my opinion , the world cannot do without it . 
firstly , i would like to mention that in our daily life we always use some technological appliances . for instance , a tv-set , stereo , microwave oven and others . another point is that with the help of technology we can communicate with the whole world . without doubt , the invention of the computer is the most important technological event . it is very useful . almost everything is dependent on computers , for example , education , research into the universe and other things . 
another thing i would like to say is that modern technology helps us to get anywhere we want to go rapidly . the most suitable examples are planes . the other thing i would like to mention about how important modern technology is concerns the fact we study our planet , other planets and many other things with its help . finally i think that at present life is more comfortable than it was in the past . 
in my opinion , no one can do without modern technology . it goes on continues to develop and always will be the most important thing in our life . 
the circle theatre
17th jun 2000
dear sir or madam 
i am writing this letter to let you know what i think about the musical show which you ( the circle theatre ) presented . 
i bought a group ticket for the show , because there were 7 of us . i saw " discount available " in the advertisement . when i asked something about a " discount " , your staff said that it was impossible . i forgot about it . because , because i wanted to see this show . because , because my favourite actor appears in it . 
we went to the theatre building at 18:30 . we waited for the show to start for about one hour and forty-five minutes . the show started late ( by about 45 min . ) . we were bored and we hoped that this would be the last problem . 
during the show , we didn't see danny brook , who is my favourite actor . another one appeared in the show . we were really angry . because , because you told a lie to us told us a lie . if danny brook does not appear , you have to say something about this to the people who are there in the theatre . this is your unforgivable mistake . 
after the show , we were still angry . we wanted to eat something in your theatre restaurant . when we went to the restaurant , we saw that it was closed . i was sure that we could visit it after the show as that was written on the advertisement . we were hungry and angry this time . 
this was a very bad evening for us . we were bored with waiting . we couldn't see danny brook in the show . we were hungry after the show . but we couldn't eat anything and we couldn't get a discount . 
these are your mistakes . i hope that you can understand my feelings and you will do something about your mistakes . when you do something , i will go to see your new shows . but , now , i want to ask you to pay my money back . thanks for reading this letter . 
yours faithfully 
changing life
when i went to school , i wrote a letter to my friends . because , because i didn't have a mobile phone . now i have got a mobile phone and i always use it . it's fast and easy . but sometimes i miss the letters . i miss waiting for the postman every morning . 
before we had a computer , i played games with my friends in our garden or in their garden . we played a lot of games during the day . when we had a computer , i started to play computer games . i didn't want to play games outside with my friends . because , because the computer was more interesting than my friends . 
i use the internet now . i don't buy a newspaper . because , because i can read my newspaper on the internet . i can buy things on the internet . for example , i sent a flower to my mum on mother's day by internet order . 
my daily life is changing . everything is easy now . i can send an email to my friend who lives in canada . i never forget important days . because , because i have got a data-bank . when the important day is approaching , it tells me . 
life is really easy . you need to learn how you can use technology . but , sometimes , i miss the old days . i miss playing in the garden , posting a letter to my friends , and forgetting an important day . sometimes i want to go somewhere without technology . 
brasilia ( df ) , june 17th 2000
dear manager , 
i'm writing this letter to express my disappointment with " over the rainbow " , the musical show which i watched yesterday evening . 
first of all , according to the advertisement , one of the main actors would be danny brook , who i love . instead of this , i had to watch the performance of a different and unknown actor who wasn't so great as i expected . 
secondly , the show started one hour late and i hate waiting in a queue longer than is necessary . i felt very upset and my enjoyable night became a stressful , and very expensive one , too . 
there wasn't any discount available for the tickets and i went to the theatre with my three cousins from brazil . in addition to this , after the show , we looked for the theatre restaurant which had been closed for repairs one month ago . 
in conclusion , last night definitely was the worst entertainment experience i've ever had in my life and that's why i am asking you for my money back as compensation . 
i'm looking forward to your reply
faithfully , 
modern technology can affect our daily life transforming our relationship to and the ways we to communicate communicate with other people as well as our life expectancy . with the introduction of the computer in our civilization we can access the internet to communicate with our relatives and friends living abroad or far from us . despite the distances , we can keep our friendship close and in a cheap way . besides this , the information goes faster than it used to now and it's available at the same time in every part of the world . on the one hand , our time is taken up with learning how to deal with the new technologies . on the other hand , we can feel more comfortable with them providing us with support in our hard tasks and setting us free to apply our intelligence and efforts to more important things . for instance , we can research new ways of improving our quality of life . in conclusion , we are able to feel or to recognize the benefits of the modern technologies but we should be aware of how they are introduced into our lives to avoid the dangerous side of technology . 
dear sir , 
i'm writing to you to complain about the musical show " over the rainbow " that i came to see at your theatre during my holiday in london . unfortunately that evening wasn't as good as i expected . 
first of all , in your advertisement for the show you wrote that danny brook and tina truelove were taking part in the show and i was so excited about it ! but i was very disappointed when i realised that another actor was taking part . and the worst thing was that he wasn't so good in this role ! 
another thing was that the show i went to was supposed to start at 19:30 but it started at 20:15 ! the people who were there to watch the show were very angry and they were shouting because they had to wait too long . and i absolutely agreed with them . also in the advertisement you wrote that discounts were available , but they weren't , and also that people could visit the theatre restaurant after the show to eat some thing or to have a drink . but when i went there , it was closed . i don't know why and i'd like you to tell me the reason . 
finally , you said that it would be our perfect evening out . well it wasn't and i am asking for my money back . i'd like you to return it to me . 
i'm waiting to hear from you soon . 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . so , the next day pat went and told his sister sally that her friends were organising a surprise party for her birthday . when sally heard that , she was very surprised and very excited . but because she didn't want to disappoint her friends , she was acting as if she didn't know anything . she let them organise it ! but although she was acting like this she was very angry with her brother pat , because he didn't keep the secret . 
the party was on saturday at sally's house . all her friends were going to meet there while she was at her swimming lesson . when that day arrived they all went there as they had planned . when the clock showed 8:00 they hid themselves under the tables and the other furniture . after a while , the bell rang . it was sally ! suddenly they all shouted " surprise surprise ! " . sally , although she knew about it , seemed very surprised ! so her friends didn't realise that she knew about the party and they were very happy because they believed that the surprise party had been a success ! 
but although sally knew about it , they had a really great time . they danced a lot and they had pizza for dinner . it was an unforgettable night ! ! ! 
dear sir/madam , 
i am writing to complain about the evening at the circle theatre presenting " over the rainbow " . it wasn't at all like what the advertisement for the show had promised . i will try to explain below:
to start with , the show , which was supposed to start on 19:30 started on 20:15 so you can understand that we were 45 minutes late getting out as well . then , there were not any discounts available for the tickets as was written on the advertisement . what's more the theatre restaurant was closed for some reasons and we couldn't get anything to drink or eat after the show . on top of everything , danny brook , the star of the night , was absent and his role was performed by a different actor . you can understand how disappointing this was for all of us . 
i am sorry but this wasn't my perfect evening out . i would like to ask for a refund because the whole evening was very disappointing and it was not worth the money paid 
yours faithfully
as we can understand by observing the fashion of each century , the style of dressing changes radically over the years . so we can easily understand how different the style of dressing will be 100 years from now
in my opinion , there are two possible fashions for the future . if humans change to be more free from social rules , i think that their dress will also be very extreme and unlimited . there will be a variety of colours and fashion styles . everybody will wear anything he/she likes , choosing clothes from any century they wish without this being strange . on the other hand , if human society changes to become stricter and more limited , there will be only 2 or 3 types of clothing , formed by the needs of society . all people will look about the same and mostly dark colours will rule . perhaps the style of their dress will indicate their position in society too . 
this is what i think the fashion of the future will be like . the most exciting thing about this is that people won't think that their clothes are strange , just as we don't think ours are . 
dear sir or madam , 
a few weeks ago , i went to london , and i decided to go to the theatre and see a musical , called " over the rainbow . " 
i'm very sorry to tell you that i had a very disappointing evening . 
first , i got there at 7:00 pm , because the show was about to start at 7:30 pm , and i needed some time to buy the tickets . i buy bought two tickets for 20 and when i asked for a discount , they didn't give me one , then i was kept waiting for the show to start until 8:15 pm . 
then when the show finally started i was very disappointed because i really wanted to see danny brook , but instead of him there was another actor . 
later when the show finished , i planned to go to the restaurant and get some food , but it was closed , because it was being repaired . 
i would be very thankful grateful if your could return to me half or some of my money , or even make the corresponding discount . 
yours faithfully
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets , every time i tell her something , eventually everyone knows about it . but this time it was something more important than any other time . i was in love with a friend's boyfriend and we were about to have an affair , but when i made the big mistake of telling my little and terrible secret to pat , everything started going wrong . katrin , my friend , and the one i was being bad to , was very upset with me , and she was right , but i really didn't know what to do . i was in love with brett , but i loved my friend too . so i decided to talk to brett . we both decided to finish with this stupid affair . it was difficult , but it was the best for everyone . then i decide to talk to katrin . i was very sorry for all i had done , so i apologised to her and promised her that this would never happen again . now i'm very happy because i learned that friends are the most important thing in the whole world . 
manager date 17-06-00
xxxx
dear sir , 
i'm writing to complain about the performance of over the rainbow at the circle theatre on the 14th of june . it is always a great opportunity to enjoy a musical when you go on holiday to london . london is one of europe's biggest centres and you can always find the best in show business there . recently i decided to see over the rainbow , a very famous and well-known show . 
firstly , the evening performance was 45 minutes late and there were no discounts available as the advertisement promised had promised . 
furthermore , i was shocked when one of the main actors came onto the stage . he wasn't danny brook , one of the reasons for my choice of coming to see over the rainbow . 
finally , the theatre restaurant was being refurbished so we had to find another one for our evening meal . 
this wasn't " my perfect evening out " , as promised , and i'll make a claim for half the money back . i'm looking forward to receiving your reply as soon as possible . 
yours faithfully , 
kim nissen
how has modern technology changed my daily life ? a century ago , when a farmer took the horses out of the stable and put the plough behind them , we've got the word " time " . why not talk about social life just sitting around a table with no rush . 
today we have to carry a mobile phone . i visited an airport some days ago and in nearly every crowded corner i could see those busy people who are always on their way somewhere . i heard the different ringing tones , and , what a miracle , you can change them on the train when you are restless . a new world has opened up in our times ; tangible proof of this is the computer . i can send and save information and the possibilities are infinite . in nearly every home you can find one and the users now and in the future are the new generation . 
i must say a few words about the new electrical cars which surely will have a central role to play , especially today when fuel is so expensive . watch how highly-advanced technology can be appropriate and helpful for me and others , if we only remember the importance of taking time to be together . 
dear sir/madam , 
i am writing to you to complain about the differences between what the advertisement for the circle theatre said about the musical show called 'over the rainbow' and the things i noticed when i was there . 
first of all , the most annoying thing for me was the absence of danny brook because in my country i don't have the chance to enjoy his excellent performance . another actor stood in for him , without any advance warning . 
another thing was the confirmed hour of the show because it started forty-five minutes late without any factual reason being given . 
in addition to all this , there was no discount on the price of the tickets for students either , contrary to what i was told on the phone when i asked for more information . 
moreover , as i had read the advertisement carefully , i had planned to invite some friends to have dinner at the theatre's restaurant . but , to our surprise , it was closed . at the end of all these circumstances , we were so puzzled and disappointed that we decided to make a complaint . 
so , because of the things i have mentioned , i think i should be given some money back . 
i look forward to receiving some information from you . 
yours faithfully , 
" how has modern technology changed your daily life ? " 
owing to the great speed of technological development , people need to lead a faster life . 
when this technological aspect changes so quickly , i obviously feel that my life changes too in many fields . 
i would say that the worst thing about this development for me is that i experience more and more stress in almost every aspect of my life . there is not enough time to do a lot of things; and if i want to do them , i realize that my life is devoted to my duties without leaving any time for pleasures . 
apart from this , another disadvantage is the pollution we all live with in the majority of cities , being able to breathe fresh air several days a month when we go to the country . 
in addition to this , there is less communication between members of my family , because when we arrive home after an exhausting day racing against time , the only thing we want to do is lie on the sofa while watching television . 
apart from this , advanced computer technology allows me to contact anyone the moment that i want to , while five years ago , when i did not have a computer , i had to write letters , which was a slower way to contact people . 
on the other hand , and in conclusion , i think that this development has made my life more comfortable living surrounded by lots of gadgets with different functions . 
dear manager , 
i am writing in order to complain about the musical , over the rain , i went to see at the theatre . 
in the advertisement for the show you said that one of the stars was going to be danny brook , and to my surprise there was a different actor , and that really disappoint disappointed me . then the show was supposed to start at 19 . 30 hours but it started at 20:15 , more than half an hour late . i could had read in the advertisement that there were some discounts available but there weren't . and the restaurant of the theatre theatre restaurant was being paint painted , so i could not go there as you said in the advertisement . 
as you may understand it was not a perfect night and i was not pleased with the show or even with the service . that is why i am going to ask you for my money back . i am looking forward to hearing from you as soon as possible . 
yours faithfully , 
technology , are we prepared for these advances ? it changes every day and i do not know if we will be able to understand it . 
technology improves our lives , we have technology high-tech equipment for cooking , for work , for study , well nearly for everything . nearly all of us today know what the internet is internet is about , but one or two years ago we did not . and when we understood the internet , we thought that meeting people from other countries and being able " to chat " with them was the height of technology . but now we can even see the face of the person we are chatting to . the internet is amazing . and now of course there will be someone trying to improve it . 
technology changes our daily life , it makes our life easy to live and of course more comfortable with computers , televisions , radios et cetera and sometimes safer , as with medicine . 
definitely we should try to understand technology . if we know how to use it , technology will improve our way of life . 
dear sir/madam , 
i am writing in connection with the musical show your theatre company has put on recently , and , i want you to know , it has really disappointed me . 
to begin with , the actor the advertisement showed did not appear , which i found very rude , and disappointing . moreover , the show started at a quarter past eight , forty-five minutes later than it should have . i paid twenty pounds for my ticket because , as you may know , there were not any discounts available . it is for this reason i think you should give me some money back . 
to sum up , i would like to make my point about what happened in the restaurant after the show . 
it was closed because its owner had decided to go on holiday . however , nobody told me . i think you have to do something about this to avoid it happening again . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours faithfully , 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . if i had know it before , i would never have told her , because then it was really important for me , but , anyway , now , it doesn't really matter to me . 
at the time , pat and i had a close relationship . i told her everything that happened to me and vice versa . we had many things in common and we knew each other as if we were sisters . 
however , one day our friendship was broken . i told her i was falling in love with my best friend and she decided to tell everybody in our group , despite knowing that it must stay a secret . when i met caballos , my best friend , i felt embarrassed and disappointed and i couldn't say anything . i was at a loss . now i wish all of this had never happened , while i try to forget it , laughing with caballos and pat . 
dear sir , 
i'm writing to you to complain about the show presented by circle theatre last tuesday . the fact is it was quite different from the one i had expected to see . first of all , danny brook wasn't the leading actor , though his name was printed on the flyer . i had been looking forward to seeing his performance for ages , so as soon as i realized there was a substitute on the stage , i was really disappointed . 
i was angry because the show started at 20:15 instead of 19 . 30 , too . considering that i had to buy a full-price ticket ( even though i had read on the flyer that discounts would be available ) , i think you can understand my anger . i suggest you should solve these problems quickly . if i were you , i should keep open the theatre restaurant , because i heard people saying it was a pity it was closed . 
thanks to you , i've had the most dreadful experience of my life . 
if you don't give me back my money i'll never go to your theatre again . 
write back soon
as modern technology is changing the world rapidly i think we are all involved in the revolution it's causing . 
new technologies have affected people's way of life for ages , by offering them better tools to help them to survive
i think people don't realize how much technology rules their life . neither do i . in particular i'd like to talk about the internet . i think that the internet has changed my daily life most of all . in fact , now i can write to friends who live in foreign countries , for example , in the morning and receive their answer in the evening or even just a minute after writing . therefore i regard the internet as quite a powerful tool and i believe it has given more strength to relationships between people . in fact people meet on the net; they learn many things; they stay in touch with friends who are abroad; and sometimes they even fall in love on the net . 
i can say such things because i use the net in the same way and i'm really astounded by the way it has changed my daily life . 
dear sir/madam , 
further to the unpleasant event that took place last week , it is my right to complain about the musical show i saw when i was in london . 
first of all , when we arrived we went to pay and we gave a discount ticket . it was not valid but the worst thing was that nobody explained the reason to us . 
the show was supposed to start at 19:30 and it did not start until 8:15 . then i felt disappointed because the main actor had been changed . it would have not not have been such a terrible thing if the new actor acted as well as the other one . 
if that does not seem enough , after the show my boyfriend wanted to take me to eat something in the theatre's restaurant but the unpleasant surprise was that it was closed because all the waiters were on holiday . 
after explaining you my complaints explaining my complaints to you i hope you send me some money back . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you soon . 
yours faithfully
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . it was our last school year , so we decided to organize a trip to celebrate the fact we had finally finished school . we knew that our parents wouldn't let us travel alone so we had to invent a story to avoid them realising what had happened . kim , kate and pat told their parents they were going to travel with the school and so did i . we were excited and we started to organise everything . we booked some rooms in a hotel , next to the beach , and we bought all the useful things we were going to need . it seemed like the perfect holiday but it wasn't . pat was in love with my eldest brother , whose name is jon ( i have never got on well with him ) . pat told him our idea . poor pat , she didn't know my brother , she didn't know how he was . jon told my parents what we wanted to do . we lost our holiday . 
dear director of the circle theatre ! 
last week i was in london . on friday we , my friend and i , visited your theatre theatre to see 'over the rainbow' . it should have been my best evening that week , unfortunately it wasn't . the first thing that happened was that the show didn't start on time . instead of 7 . 30 am as your advertisement said , it started at 8 . 15 am . in the meantime we tried to get our money back to do something else , but that was impossible . when the show started danny brook was not acting , which was a great disappointment for us both . we are both big fan fans of his 
when the show was finished we went to the restaurant to have something to eat . but then it was closed for repairs . 
because of all this trouble i think we should have our money back . we both had 15 tickets . and to another time next time , make sure that your advertisement is correct accurate ! 
yours mrs anna schulsson
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . she was my best friend for several years as a child . but i haven't seen her since we were 10 years old . when were nine years old and were in third grade we had a 'house' where we used to play all afternoons afternoon . in fact it wasn't a real house , it was some stones between the trees in the little forest near our house . but we used to call it 'our house' . it was a secret place and we had promised each other not to tell anybody about it . usually we were cooking flower soup , and swapping secrets . 
one day when i was there alone , i heard some other kids approaching . i sat down behind one of the stones so they shouldn't couldn't see me . one minute later , pat and half our class stood in 'the house' looking and laughing at me and my flower soup . 
maybe she did it to make friends . but in fact that day she had lost my friendship . 
dear sir or madam , 
i am writing to complain about a musical show , which i saw in your theatre in london during my holiday . 
considering the advertisement , which appeared in one of london's newspapers , i would like to present you with some of my complaints about your musical spectacle . firstly , i would like to say that the cast , which you " advertised " , has been changed . the man who played the main male role was not the one who was mentioned in the advertisement . secondly , the time when your musical should start was changed , delaying your show for nearly one hour ! in your advertisement i noticed some information about discounts which were supposed to be available - no , they were not ! another " defect " in the advertisement was an " invitation " to the restaurant after the show . for unknown reasons , i found the restaurant closed ( there was no information giving a reason for closing it ) . finally , you guaranteed " a perfect evening out " , but for me it was the worst visit to the theatre in two years . 
to sum up , i am very disappointed about the musical in your theatre . neither the beautiful surroundings near your theatre nor the comfortable seats will compensate compensated for my horrible evening . therefore , i would like you to send my money back , because i think i deserve it as a member of the audience . i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours faithfully , 
technology is very important in our life . mainly , because it makes it easier and more comfortable . nevertheless , it has some advantages and drawbacks . 
in my opinion , my daily life is full of modern technology . i meet it " at every corner " : at home , at school , in the backyard and so on . it also changed my lifestyle for the better - i think . every morning i use a toaster to have my sandwiches done , a washing machine which makes my clothes clean again . today , modern technology means: mobile phones , computers , the internet , super-fast cars etc . these improvements help me with my ordinary duties chores . i can do my homework on a computer , prepare for the class test by searching for information on the internet and use a mobile phone every time i want to talk with one of my parents . 
however , technology has a bad influence on us - generally on our health . a couple of months ago , some foreign scientists noticed that mobile phones make a possibility of getting sick with cancer . also fast and high-tech cars increase the risks of pollution in our air and mainly lead to very dangerous accidents . 
in conclusion , i think that modern technology makes our life easier . nevertheless , we should avoid any possible risks connected with these improvements . then we will be able to say that technology is something we should be proud of . 
dear sir/madam
i am writing with regard to your advertisement . during my 2 weeks' holiday i wanted to attend a musical show . it was my favourite musical . i was very hopeful that i was going to have a good time . but there were a lot of things which went wrong . 
firstly , i had no discount when i paid . secondly there was a delay which got me into trouble . after the show i couldn't catch my train . because i didn't have any plan i decided to have lunch in the theatre restaurant . but it was closed . the worst thing is that i couldn't see my favourite actor . i was so disappointed about that . i couldn't concentrate on the play any more . 
in contrast to the advertisement everything was disappointing . i regret to have to demand all my money back . i hope you are going to be take into consideration my terrible experience . 
i am waiting for a satisfactory answer . 
yours faithfully
azami
technology has developed increasingly in recent years . as a result of this our society has changed a lot . 
on the one hand technology has made our lives more comfortable and easier . on the other hand we have faced some problems , such as social and environmental problems . 
nowadays students have many more facilities in education than before . although in those days the only way of learning was reading . these days we can use a computer , television and some sophisticated equipment , which were unusual once . then with technology we can reach any place in the world easily . we can get information more quickly . technology has a huge effect on our spare-time activities as well . children play with computers instead of the usual toys . 
despite the huge advantages , technology has affected our lives negatively . there has been a change in the relationships between people . people are getting more and more lonely . we have noticed the environmental damage in recent years . 
while we are using technology , we should take into consideration the environment . we shouldn't allow the world to be exploited . if we want to leave a good world to the next generations , we should behave more respectfully against towards nature . 
dear sir , 
i am writing to you to complain about the show which i saw last friday at your theatre . the show was called 'over the rainbow ' . i was not pleased with the way that it was set out . 
first of all , when i went and bought my ticket , there was no discount , but in your advertisement it clearly said that discounts are available and as a result the ticket i bought was more expensive . 
secondly , the show i went to was the evening one , which was supposed to start at 7:30 p . m . , but there was a 41-minute delay and it ended up starting at 8 . 15 p . m . 
furthermore , the original actor was danny brook but it changed to a different actor who acted terribly and was very disappointing . last of all , it says in your advertisement that there is a theatre restaurant open after the show but it turned out to be closed because it was being redecorated and no announcement was made . 
i didn't have a perfect evening out and instead i had an awful evening out . therefore i would like are refund of my ticket and i would like an apology . thank you from you 
yours sincerely , 
what will clothes be like 100 years from now ? what do you think models will wear on the catwalks ? will they wear anything ? who knows ? nowadays , people look at fashion-magazines fashion magazines or get opinions from their friends to help them to decide what to wear on different occasions . 
will they still do the same 100 years from now ? 
in my opinion , clothes will be a lot different in 100 years' time . new materials will be invented and new styles will be created either by designers or people themselves , which lead will lead to changes in fashion , but in addition materials will probably still be used such as denim , which was invented ages ago in america . and people nowadays still use denim as a common material . if you walk out on to the street now , you will probably see more than half the people wearing clothes that are made of denim , which is incredibly surprising ! 
from my point of view , i think people will wear more clothes that are see-through in particular . as people are wearing thinner and thinner clothing to show off their figure , they might as well just wear clothes that are see-through to give it a better effect ! so if you want to know what clothes will be like 100 years from now , the only thing you can do is to wait ! 
dear sir or madam , 
i am writing this letter to mention all the disappointing events in the circle theatre production of " over the rainbow " . 
i went to see it on time as it was advertised at 19:30 but it started at 20:15 , with a delay of 45 minutes . 
this is nothing , it was said that danny brook was starring . however a different actor starred and we were all disappointed . 
what is more , about the tickets , discounts were not available as it was not said so . 
the last disappointing thing is that the theatre restaurant was closed so we could not visit it after the show . 
as you can understand , i did not enjoy myself and i think i spent my money on a nonsense thing . therefore , if available possible , can you pay my money back please ? my address is here for any contacts . 
yours faithfully , 
pat like a black cat
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . he told everything that pandora said to everyone who pandora didn't want to know . 
pandora had done something very bad like a robbery and one day told this to pat because she was very shy and regretful . pat was her best friend so she told him . however , she didn't know that pat couldn't keep secrets well . 
one day , while all their friends were there and talking , pat told everyone that pandora had done a robbery . all of them were shocked by what they heard . as well as this , they started to talk about it everywhere . 
after a week on holiday , when pandora returned she learned that all of her friends knew about that . she became very shy and angry . she couldn't talk with people and she was just very sad . 
finally , she couldn't wait and go went to talk to pat . he admitted that it was his fault and told everyone that it was a joke to make pandora a bit angry . after all that , they again became good friends but pat learned to keep secrets . 
dear sir/madam , 
yesterday i went to the play called " over the rainbow " , for which i saw the advertisement in today's guardian . i want to tell you that i am very disappointed about the play . 
in the advertisement it is said said that danny brook was in the starring role . however i didn't see him all night . there was another actor instead of him . and also it should have started at 19 . 30 , as i saw in the advertisement , but it started at 20 . 15 ! and so far there weren't any discounts available which are were said to be " available " in the advertisement . i went to the theatre restaurant after the show but it was closed because of the redecoration works inside . you should have written it in the advertisement . and after all that , no one can say that i had a perfect evening out ! absolutely it was very disappointing so i want my money back . 
i hope you understand and will correct your mistakes in the next advertisement and send me my money soon ! 
yours faithfully 
simple solutions
it is over 50 years since the invention of the computer and television . our lives have changed since then . 
today 5 out of every 10 pupils can use a computer basically . and almost everybody has a television in their homes . these 2 devices make my life easier . i can't go out all the time or be with my friends to have fun . so i watch tv at home instead of sitting in a chair looking out of a window . i play on the computer more than watching tv when i get bored . 
the internet is the world's largest communication system . i can do anything i want , such as buy cds , watch a film or even buy food . it is really enjoyable when i chat with people . the internet has brought a new way to my life since i started to use it . it is easy and very useful . i can reach any knowledge that i want to . technology is also important in another area for me . transportation . i don't have to walk to school every day for 8 months . cars , buses and trains are very useful in daily life . 
lots of things would be hard and boring in my life if i was living in a different time than now . i can easily do what i want . technology has brought simple solutions to my life . 
dear sir/madam:
i'd like to complain about your ' best ' musical show , which i went to when i had a week's holiday in london . i felt really disappointed because the things you said in the advertisement weren't true . 
i went there at 19 . 00 because the show started at 19 . 30 as the advertisement said but i queued for at least an hour because the ticket machine broke down . finally , after an hour , when my turn came to buy the entrance ticket , your staff said i couldn't have a discount and so as anyone . however , i bought the ticket , even though it was expensive , because i'd been queuing for ages and i really wanted to see my idol , danny brook . 
but when the show started , they said danny wasn't there because of his illness and i felt very upset and dismayed about it because the experience i had was unlike what the advertisement promised . after the boring show finished , i was hungry and i decided to go to your theatre restaurant but the restaurant was closed after 19 . 00 . so what's the point of saying 'visit our restaurant after the show' ? 
i had a very disappointing evening and my anger influenced me for the rest of my holidays . i'd like to know if you can give the money back to me or i'll write letters to all the media departments to show how deceitful you were . 
yours faithfully , 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . he went to see the headmaster and told him the whole truth . tim was the one who threw the paper aeroplane at the headmaster and jon was the one who said some bad words behind the headmaster's back after he punished jon . the headmaster was extremely angry about it and he gave both students a heavy punishment , which was suspension from school for a week . 
this happened on thursday afternoon . when everyone finished their lunch , they all got into their classrooms quickly because they all knew that the headmaster walked round the school every thursday . but some naughty students in my class were throwing paper aeroplanes when the teacher was writing something on the board . unfortunately , one of the paper planes flew out of the window and hit the headmaster's head . everyone was laughing and the headmaster's face was full of anger . he then punished jon but the one who did it was tim so jon was very angry and he said something bad about the headmaster to us . pat heard that and he went to see the headmaster straight after school . the headmaster went to see jon and tim and punished them for their bad behaviour . 
after that event , pat was jon and tim's enemy . they both got into trouble because of him . they hate him so much . 
dear sir or madam , 
unfortunately i have to complain about the musical show put on in your circle theatre last night . 
when i became received your advertisement concerning the show " over the rainbow " i thought that i'd have a great evening , but unfortunately it was a big disappointment for me . maybe i will start from the beginning . first of all , danny brook - the main actor in this musical - was absent . the show had a 45-minute delay - what a shame ! you also offered discounts - what kind of discounts ? i didn't see any ! i was with my son ( 11 years old ) and i had to pay a full-price for for a full-price ticket . because the show was very long , we were getting hungry but of course your theatre restaurant was closed because of the holiday . 
hereby i have to ask for my money back or a discount for me . 
waiting for your reply . 
with best regards
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . the story has begun began last year , when i stated my summer holiday . i had not any money for travelling and my parents were going to give me some only if i had concrete plans . i started telling my parents that i would be travelling with my friends through west europe for one month . i had a really good plan but no good friends . i became received quite a lot of money and i left home . for one week i really was travelling with my friends but then i was getting boring with them and i started to travel alone . now i don't think that it was a good idea . sometimes i had to sleep on railway stations or under bridges . after one month , i went back home and told my parents what a lot of fun i had with my friends - i don't know why i was such a liar . my parents believed my words story until my younger brother pat told them the truth . now my parents don't believe my story . but i think this was a good lesson for me and i don't liar lie any more . 
dear sir , 
the reason i decided to write you a letter , will , i guess , surprise you . i hope you will not feel offended , but i really need to complain about your theatre . 
i was present at your musical show: " over the rainbow " . i was very excited thinking about being at the theatre , and i thought with certainty i was going to enjoy my evening . 
plus , i felt very pleased when i heard that danny brook was part of the play: he used to be an old friend of mine in high school and perhaps i had found him here ! you can believe i was very disappointed when i saw that he actually was not performing and i was more bewildered that no one made an apology for it ! how rude ! 
moreover , it was written that the show was supposed to start at 19 . 30; it actually started at exactly 20 . 15 ! 45 minutes later : where we had nothing to do , but wait . we couldn't even have a drink , because , obviously , the restaurant you talked about was closed ! 
really , what a mess with the administration . although , i would have felt better if i had had a discount on my ticket , as you mentioned in the advertisement , but unfortunately , these couldn't possibly be given either ! i am sure you are smart enough to think of paying me back , so you do not lose a faithful customer . 
sincerely yours , 
if more and more engineers work in science and technology , it must be because it is really useful : but in what particular way ? 
for my part , i know it would be such a pain in the neck . the more i think of it , the more i realise i use modern technology a lot . i guess i could not live without lots of devices . 
the first thing i think of is the internet . what a great invention ! it allows me to learn anything without having to travel to lots of libraries as i used to do . it also allows me to write to my friends by e-mail . i did not write to people at all until i had got on the internet . with this procedure , you only type and send , no need to go to the post office ! 
of course this is just because i am lazy , i actually could force myself a little , and then go to the library and to the post office , but the internet just makes it easier ! 
i am also very fond of cell-phones . these are also a relief . i can go anywhere without being worried about the fact that maybe someone is trying to reach me ! 
modern technology changed my daily life by making it easier and by turning me into a lazy woman . nevertheless , this easy life has then offered me the chance to be more relaxed and i think it is essential . 
i am thankful to modern technology ! 
madrid , 17 - june - 2000 dear sir/madam , my name is . . . . i work as an actor for the spanish royal theatre . i spent the whole of last week in london with one of my colleagues . sunday night we went to your theatre . we thought that going to the musical show " over the rainbow " would be ( as you say in your advertisement ) the perfect evening out and the perfect end to our stay in your city . but from the beginning we had a lot of problems . despite being actors we had to pay for a full-price ticket because the discounts you promise are not available on sundays . we tried to complain but the girl at the ticket desk was very impolite . however , we decided to go to the show . danny brook is a good friend of mine and our intention was to give him a surprise . you can imagine what our faces were like when we saw that it was not danny , but peter fox , who was on the stage . nevertheless we decided to stay till the end of the show and to have dinner in your restaurant , where we were supposed to meet some friends; friends that we never met because your restaurant was closed when we got out . i am sure that the restaurant closed at its closing time but you have to remember that the show began 45 minutes late . as you can see it was not our " perfect evening out " at all . i was really disappointed . i realize that managing a theatre is hard work but i have to ask you for the money for the tickets back . next time it would be a good idea to put the possible changes in the advertisement , before the start of the show . i am waiting for your answer , 
how has modern technology changed your daily life ? 
my composition is going to focus on two main ideas: how modern technology has changed my home life and how it affects my personal and professional life . 
technology makes easier housework housework easier . i can't imagine how my life would be without a washing machine , a drier or a fridge . during the winter , when it is raining , you can have your clothes dry in less than thirty minutes . that's fantastic . 
technology has also been a great help in my everyday work . i am thinking mostly of computers . being a journalist i have to write lots of pages every day . the computer allows me to change my ideas without any effort and to store a large amount of information in the minimum space . 
also , the e-mail system is really helpful . thanks to the invention of the internet i can contact lots of colleagues all around the world every day ( and with the minimum cost ) . but , in my opinion , the best thing is that i can stay at home or go on holiday , and send my work to the office every day . 
olivier peissaud
the manager
circle theatre 
dear sir , 
i am writing to complain about a very disappointing evening i recently had during a week's holiday in london . 
my girlfriend and i read an advertisement for the show " over the rainbow " , which is very popular . she is fond of the actor danny brook so i decided to buy two tickets , provided there were discounts available . when we asked for discount tickets , we were told there never were discount offers and that we had to pay for the most expensive tickets - 20 each - because we were not english students . we were annoyed about it but we paid up . we took our places , and began chatting with other people . we had to wait until 8 . 15 pm before it started , whereas the show was supposed to start at 9 . 30 pm ! moreover , we were astonished that another actor we did not know was playing the role of danny brook . my girlfriend was very upset and so was i . 
after that we thought we could have a drink in your theatre restaurant but it was closed because the decor was being changed . finally we had the worst evening i have ever imagined , it was definitely not the " perfect evening " as written in the advertisement . 
so i want my money back for these two tickets - i have included a copy of them - and i hope you will pay more attention to the way you treat your customers , and avoid false advertising . 
yours faithfully , 
your children's clothes in 100 years
how interesting it is to imagine what kind of clothes people will wear in about a hundred years from now . fashion is changing so quickly that all our dreams about clothes can come true . but let's see my point of view . in a hundred years , the clothes will certainly be totally different from ours . materials , textures and colours change , and our minds too . 
so i think people will wear clothes made of recycled things , like aluminium bottles . and i hope colours won't be dark and sad but very bright and enjoyable to see . 
i think men will still wear pants and jackets but maybe not jeans . synthetic materials have developed and become very popular so they would keep going . but maybe the shape of the clothes will change : large pants " baggy " " baggy " pants , or trousers with many pockets as we see today . for women , clothes change more than for men . it maybe because they are more likely to try new ways of dressing . i guess they will wear a sort of tunic over a shirt and a skirt , or more masculine clothes because they want to change . finally it's very difficult to say what . 
maybe luc besson's movie " fifth element " is quite a good example . the clothes were designed by the famous jean-paul gaultier . and it really is an interesting point of view . 
to conclude , in the end clothes won't be what we think they will be today , and it's a good thing because we can only imagine and follow the trend of fashion that makes us feel pretty and happy . 
dear sir or madam , 
i am writing to you because i went to the circle theatre some days ago and i regret to inform you that it was not a good experience . 
according to the advertisement danny brook was the male actor . however , he did not act , and his substitute was not very good at acting . 
secondly i had problems with both tickets and time . 
the play started at 20:15 instead of 19 . 30 . furthermore i could not get a discount although i think i was entitled to it . ( i have a special youth card ) . 
in addition the theatre restaurant was not open because of the waiters' strike . 
in conclusion , not only was my evening horrible but also expensive . that is why i ask you to refund my money , or at least part of it . 
faithfully , 
best detective stories of agatha christie ( accident ) 
dear nigel , 
i was pleased to hear from you last week . now i am writing to you because a story by agatha christie is going to be read on the radio . its title is " accident " 
i know you are interested in the author and i think you'll like the story . 
firstly the main character is evans , a retired police captain . he is not as well-known as poirot or miss marple , but his personality is quite interesting . i am sure you'll agree with me . 
secondly the plot . it is about a woman who poisoned her first husband . at least this is evans' opinion . not only is the plot interesting but also it catches your interest from the first moment . 
finally , you should pay attention to the ending , which is surprising . 
i hope you will spend a good evening listening to the radio . the story is going to be read next friday at 8 . 00 p . m . have a good time and write soon . 
love , 
dear sir , 
i recently visited london on holiday and during my stay i went to your theatre to see the musical show " over the rainbow " . i am really sorry to say that i was very disappointed with the whole organisation of the musical , starting with the advertisement . firstly , in the advertisement it says that the main actor was supposed to be danny brook , an actor that i admire and i wanted to see performing . unfortunately , instead of brook i saw another actor , totally unknown to me . secondly , in the advertisement , the starting time of the musical was said to be 19:30 , but the show started at 20:15 . i don't want to be rude , but this is not professional at all . another thing i would like to mention is the discount that we were supposed to have on the tickets . 
there wasn't any discount . lastly i would like to inform you that i wanted to have dinner at your restaurant but they told me it was closed because it usually closes at 11:00 o'clock , and the musical finished at 11:30 . so i am asking you: why do you advertise it if is not going to be available to the audience ? 
i am closing this letter by telling you that that night was the most terrible night of my holidays and that i would like to have my money back please . 
i hope you will reply to my letter . 
yours faithfully 
xx
how has modern technology changed your daily life ? 
we are living in the 21st century and everybody is surrounded by advanced technology . as a result of all this advanced technology , i became one of the daily users of modern technology . of course using modern technology has both advantages and disadvantages . 
the first thing that came to my life and changed it completely is the computer . i spend most of my time in front of the computer , either working or playing . of course this is sometimes an advantage , when for example the computer helps me to do my job more easily , but some other times it is a great disadvantage because it keeps me away from my friends . but unfortunately i cannot live without a computer . the first thing i do in the morning is start up my computer , check if i have any new e-mails , check my electronic calendar and then go to work , where i always work with a computer . using the computer has become second nature . 
and it's not only the computer . every day i use the microwave for heating my food and of course i always carry with me my mobile phone . it is one of the greatest technological achievements and i am afraid to say that i cannot live without my mobile phone . 
in conclusion i would like to say that modern technology offers humanity many things , some of them are good and some others are not so good . it's up to us if we use those technological achievements in the right way , and make our lives easier . the only thing i really support is that if you know how to use technology , it is a benefit to you . if you don't , it is going to destroy you . 
dear sir/madam:
i am writing to you to express my disappointment with the musical show 'over the rainbow . 
first , i am very disappointed about the star . i went to the musical to see danny brook acting and singing , but he didn't appear . instead of him , there was an unknown actor , who i dislike . 
also , the musical did not start at 19 . 30 , it started forty-five minutes later . that is why , because it finished later , i arrived late to a basketball game . 
another thing is that there were not any discounts on the entrance fee . 
finally , the theatre restaurant was closed because it was sunday . it is closed every sundays sunday ; you have to say that . 
that is why i will be pleased if you give me my money back . 
yours faithfully , 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . that's why i didn't want to tell him that i had failed my natural science final exam . i was worried because if my parents knew that i had failed , before we were on holiday , they would cancel the trip to africa . 
but , i needed to tell it to someone tell someone about it , so i told pat about it . the next day , all the class knew about it . i wasn't too worried because if someone was going to see my parents , i would tell them before not to talk about the exams . 
but , then my mother talked to pat's mother and she mentioned it , and my mother cancelled the trip to africa . 
it wasn't pat's fault , it was my fault because i was the one who failed the exam and , also , i knew that pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . 
dear manager of the circle theatre . 
i'm writing to you to describe my disagreeable experience in your theatre last saturday , at your show " over the rainbow " . 
first of all , i want you to know that this saturday was my husband's birthday and i was planning this day for one month . my intention was to have a special night with him . and it was really special ! ! ! 
your show started almost one hour late and without any discount for us on the price of the tickets . but that wasn't the worst , because i can understand the troubles of putting on a play in the theatre . but what i cannot forgive your company is changing the time it starts at the last minute , my husband is a danny brook's fan and he felt really disappointed . 
that isn't all . when the show was finished , we wanted to go to dinner , as you suggested in the programme , but the restaurant was closed because it was on public works ! ! ! 
your organisation was a great disaster . nobody told us anything about the changes , and we want you to give us back the money we spent . i feel you lied to me and your company is not professional . 
i wait for your answer , and for our money back as soon as possible . 
yours faithfully , 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . 
pat wasn't the most popular boy in the school . he was shy , reserved and a very closed person . he enjoyed himself reading , and playing piano at home . 
despite his way of life , his best friend was anna , the most popular girl in the school . she told everything that happened in her life to pat told pat everything that happened in her life . 
when pat was 16 , he decided to change his way of life , to spend more time with friends , but what could he do to get some friends ? 
definitely the worse . he started to " sell " anna's secrets to all the boys in the school who were interested in her . all the boys in the class went to pat to find out what anna was doing at every moment , and pat was becoming ' friends ' with all the boys . 
he was very happy , because he felt that everybody loved him . everyone apart from anna . she didn't tell him anything anymore , and pat didn't have any secrets to sell to his " new friends " . 
finally , pat didn't have any friends , because he didn't have anything about anna to sell . 
is it moral to get some friends by destroying and hurting other people ? i think not ! and you ? 
dear sir/madam , 
my name is veronika . i visited your theatre to see a musical show , " over the rainbow " . i am writing to you to say that it was a very disappointing evening . i'll try to explain why . 
first of all , there were different actors in the show , but you didn't say anything about it before the show . 
the other point was the beginning of the show . it started at 20:15 , but it was said that it would start at 19:30 . as a result , i missed my train . 
the third problem was the discounts . there were no ay discounts at all . but i am a student and i know that i can get tickets with a discount . 
and the last disappointment was your restaurant . after the show it was closed because of the lack of staff . 
of course i want to get my money back , but i know that i will never get it . so in conclusion i want to give you one piece of advice - try to organise your shows more carefully . 
with best wishes
how has modern technology changed your daily life ? 
we know that everything is changing . and of course technology is also changing . not so long ago we had to do many things by hand , but now there are a lot of machines to do the same . and it makes our life easier . now we have free time to do something else while the machine is doing our work . it's connected with our house , our workplace etc . 
for example , before , i used to wash my clothes by hand , but now i have the latest version of washing machine and now there are no reasons to do it by hand . before , it took me 3 hours , but now it is free time and i can go for a walk with my friends . 
another example is that before we had to rewrite some documents by hand just to make a copy . now we have a scanner and a printer to do it . and it takes about 1 minute to make a copy not 1 hour . 
so , i think that modern technology gives us a lot of opportunities to do the it are really important in our lives things things that are really important in our lives . 
dear sir or madam , 
i have recently been to the circle theatre and watched the musical show - over the rainbow . i am writing to you because there were deviations from the advertisement which was published in the newspaper . 
the advert clearly says that discounts are available , but when i was buying the tickets , i did not have this offer . as a result , i had to pay the full price of 15 . the second point is that the show had a delay of about 30 minutes . although i believe there must have been problems , i expect your company managed to sort it out in the quickest way . apart from that , the most disappointing fact is that there were different actors instead of danny brook and tina truelove , because of whom i was coming . after the show we went to the theatre restaurant , but it was closed for refurbishment . 
i was not really satisfied with the show and i certainly believe that it was not a perfect evening out . i therefore would like to have a refund of the 30 which i spent on the tickets . 
yours faithfully 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . my story had already been spread the next day . although failing in the exams wasn't really a big deal , it was awful that people kept mentioning it . i didn't think i was going to survive after failing the exams and my best friend had been untrustworthy . but this idea was soon be put off since i noticed in the newspaper that i had won the writing competition . i couldn't believe my luck . i was really sure that i won a return ticket to the mediterranean sea . during the trip , i made friends with other people who had also won the competition in their towns . they were so kind to me that we soon became good friends . for the last few days , we spent our time sightseeing and shopping . i must admit that it was the greatest time i have ever had in my life . on the last day when i was packing and getting ready to leave , i realised i had lost my passport and tickets . a horrible thought suddenly came into my mind . my bad luck had never left me . it had only hidden away from me and when there was a chance , it was going to give me a 'surprise' . 
dear sir/madam , 
last week , i had a week's holiday in london , where i hadn't been for 2 years . i prepared everything for my family and wanted to enjoy it . we were happy all the time , but , unfortunately , the last day was the worst thing we have got , which was your musical show . at first , you said that if we bought 5 tickets , we would have a discount , but we didn't have anything . secondly , we booked for the show at 19:30 , but it started at 20:15 . what's wrong with your clock ? thirdly , the person on stage was very strange to me , because i expected to see " danny brook " , but i didn't . the last thing is we wanted to have dinner in your restaurant after the terrible musical show , but we couldn't , because a waiter said your chef had gone home . i have no idea what your business is . i have never seen anything like this . 
by the way , i want you to give me my money back because of the wasted time , and i think that you understand . 
yours faithfully , 
have you ever been to the countryside ? try it ; it doesn't need to take a long time to live in that place , but it will give you many things , which are different from your lifestyle in the city . nowadays you wake up in the morning , go to school or work on the sky-train , start your lessons on the computer , go shopping in a store which has an air-conditioner , watch cartoons on tv , or cook with a microwave oven etc . do you really enjoy it ? although modern technology gives you many comfortable things for living , can it give you nature , peace and fresh air ? however much technology gives to you , it takes more from you . have you heard about the environmental pollution , the health problems and the moral problems ? these all happens from human who want to live with science and technology , not the natural which the world gives it to us . 
mr soren:
let me express how disappointed i feel at this particular moment , or i should say angry , better sad . i would never have expected that i could be so deceived . this is not the first time i have been to your theatre and i have to tell you i have enjoyed many other plays , but be sure " over the rainbow " will be the last one . as i am specially fond of musicals , i even travel abroad to see what's new , i am probably one of your most devoted customers . i know this word is not the best but you have demonstrated that the theatre can be just as cold as any other business . we both know this is not true , or shouldn't be . when someone comes specially to see danny brook acting , one of my favourite singers , whose career i have been following from the beginning , and danny brook never appears , and nobody gives any reason to the audience , how should one feel ? there was no reason either for the delay . almost an hour ! can you imagine how many things one could do instead . even playing some music to help us take it easy would have been better than nothing ! no announcement , no invitation . . . oh , yes , i forgot . the bar was closed . well , i will not comment on that point . that terrible place definitely needed refurbishment . 
well , this is not my idea of a perfect evening out , as you can imagine . each time i see the advertisement i get mad . 
of course , you should give a refund for the money spent , not only to me but to all the audience . but i can say that you will never be able to give my appreciation for your theatre back , at least not as long as you continue as its manager . 
expecting your news , 
it is almost true to say that fashion is one of the most exciting human activities nowadays . how can we define this crazy and continuous change of colours , shapes , patterns , and uses ? new fabrics create new textures , all kinds of accessories are added to create new versions , to refresh old ideas , to make new proposals that will last , as always , just a few weeks . everything that is in fashion passes away in a couple of months and has to be created again . 
fashion is a part of our lives , even for those who will never recognise admit it . have you noticed that all the classic gentlemen wear the same type of suit ? and what about those kinds of intellectual and progressive people , don't they all wear the same type of ugly but comfortable shoes ? 
i am sure that fashion will survive for ages , it will even change to become easier to use and cleaner , because we all need to feel a part of our society , communicate our way of living and thinking , be part of a group and , at the same time , be different . 
the future will bring to us new concepts , adapted to our lives . 
dear mr/ mss sir/madam 
i'm writing to you to complain about the musical show that i visited went to last evening . i had a week's holiday in london , so i wanted to spend my last evening with great pleasure , however it was the worst evening in my life . 
first of all , the actors were different from those who were advertised . second , the show started at 20:15 , although i read that it would start at 19:30 ! moreover , after watching the show i wanted to visit your theatre restaurant , but it was closed , it really disappointed me . 
it was my dream to see danny brook and tina truelove , so it is still my dream because of your show . 
so , i had no perfect evening out and i want my money back . i hope you'll understand my situation and if you want other people to visit your show , you should return my money . 
yours faithfully 
how has modern technology changed my daily life ? fifty years ago people didn't even think that after 2000 years they would have another life . when thomas adison invented electric light , it was the greatest invention for people of that century . and nowadays modern technology can change all our lives . i mean , almost everyone now has a car , a computer , a mobile phone and even an airplane . my life is changing too . first of all , now i can phone my friends and parents from every place , i can chat with other foreign teenagers with the help of the internet . second , modern technology helps me in the kitchen . cooking has become faster with the help of the microwave . what is more , modern technology prevents different illnesses . furthermore , yesterday i heard that every man could fly into space without any experience , it is great , from my point of view , that in 2050 the year the year 2050 everybody will fly into space . 
on the other hand , people can atrophided of all these inventions . they become lazy because they know that they can sit on the sofa and change the channels on the tv by pressing a button . 
in conclusion , i want to say that in spite of this , i hope that in future we will have more and more new inventions and they will prevent our disasters and problems . 
dear sir or madam:
i am writing to complain about the show that i saw the other day at your theatre . 
i am afraid that i think that the show was not as good as i expected: the reasons were many . 
- danny brook did not appear and i wanted to see him . 
- the show started at 20:15 and not at 19 . 30 . please check your times because many people had to leave in the middle of the show . 
- when the musical finished i was terribly hungry so i decided to have something to eat but the restaurant was closed and the advertisement said that it would be open . 
in conclusion , that evening was not " my perfect evening out " so i want you to refund my money . 
i look forward to your reply . 
yours faithfully , 
manuel juan sargo
modern technology has changed my life in many different ways: but this " modern technology " has advantages and disadvantages . on the one hand we have the advantages ; new technology allows you to do many things like flying , seeing in the dark , or it can even save your life when you are almost dead . but on the other hand we have the disadvantages . technology makes your life easier but for how long ? for example , the car was developed through modern technology . it makes your life easier but also more " dangerous " . why ? because too many cars means too much co2 in the air . and everyone knows that co2 is a very dangerous gas for all kinds of animals . to summarize , the modern technologies give you and allow you to do many things which would be impossible in the past but also creates many problems . 
june 17 , 2000
dear manager , 
regarding " over the rainbow " , presented at your theatre last night , i would like to inform you of the following problems . 
firstly , the starring actor was different from the one who had been mentioned in the advertisement for this musical show as " danny brook " . as i was so looking forward to seeing danny's performance , i was very disappointed . i think you should have informed us of the change of star before starting the show . in addition , i'd like to know the reason why the actor was replaced . 
secondly , the show started at 20:15 instead of 19:30 as mentioned in the advertisement . 
the third point is our tickets were not reduced at all ! the ad says that tickets: discounts available . 
lastly , your theatre restaurant was already closed when the show finished , because the beginning start of the show was late . 
as above described described above , it cannot could not be a " perfect evening " . there are lots of reasons why i was so disappointed , and could not enjoy the show , you see ! ! therefore , i would be grateful if you could give me back some money . 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . she told sally about our plan , indeed our " secret plan " ! how foolish ! 
but , mark , pat and i were planning a birthday party for sally on june 2 at her own home . it should have been " surprising " . sally's husband is now in singapore on business , so she had to spend her birthday without him . considering her loneliness , we made every effort to please her and to encourage her; because she was loved by everybody for her gentle , kind and lovely character . she was not so lucky in her life . her parents had already died when she was in high school . she has no brothers and sisters . after marriage , sally and her husband nigel realized that they would not be able to have children . in spite of such difficulties , she always has a pretty , charming smile for us . 
on june 2 , because of pat's mistake , sally already knew our plan . we were enjoying ourselves at her home celebrating her birthday . 
suddenly , the door was opened . 
" good evening ! " 
" oh ! you came back for me ! nigel , " sally cried with pleasure . 
nigel himself was a big " surprise " present for sally . i will never forget her happy face . . . . . 
we had a brilliant night . 
17th - june - 2000
auda . lolas 44
madrid 23456
spain
dear sir , 
i am writing to complain about the show " over the rainbow " , taking place on the 15th of june
last week i went to london for a holiday . there i saw the advertisement for this show and i decided to go . 
i went to buy the tickets but when i paid there was not any discount available . in the advertisement you told me i would get a discount . 
this was not the worst thing because when i arrived at the theatre i waited forty five forty-five minutes because the show should start at 19:30 and it started at 20:15 . when it started the main actor danny brook was not in it , another , worse actor had taken his part . in my opinion when the main actor cannot do the show it is better not to do the show than to do it with a horrible actor . 
when it finished , i went to the theatre restaurant but it was closed because they are going to open a new , better restaurant . 
in my opinion you should refund my money because the evening and the show were so terrible . 
yours faithfully
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . 
but i did not know it , and i told her my secret: i had fallen in love with paul , a friend of ours . no one knew it but her . 
that wednesday wednesday pat phoned me and told me that sally also loved paul . i had also told sally my secret . on the thursday sally phoned me , because we are also friends , but she did not tell me anything about paul . 
the weekend came and that friday we went to the discotheque . i had a good time there but , at the end of the night , when we were going to go back home , i saw sally kissing paul ! ! it was terrible ! ! 
when sally came out of the discotheque i was very angry and i started to shout at her . she hit me and i decided then that i should never speak to her again . 
paul asked pat what had happened and she told him my secret . one friend of mine told me that pat had told paul my secret and i went to speak with her . now we are friends but i know that i cannot tell her any secrets . 
17th june 2000 . 
dear sir , 
i am writing to complain about the problems which occurred with the last musical show at this theatre . 
first of all , contrary to what was advertised , the main actor was not danny brook , but another , unknown person . 
to make matters worse , the show was delayed , starting at 20:15 . 
as if this were not enough , i did not obtain a discount on the price of the ticket , although this was possible according to your leaflet . 
on top of everything , i could not visit the restaurant at this place , because it was closed after the show . 
i am very disappointed , because that evening out was not as perfect as i had planned . 
so , i would be grateful if you could refund all or part of the money which i paid for the show . 
i look forward to receiving your prompt reply . 
yours faithfully , 
marcos almo bras de barodo . 
it's undeniable that during this century our world has been changing . new inventions have been invented and science has made quick progress . as a result of this people's daily lives have been changing as well . 
as far as i'm concerned , i firmly believe that it's worth pointing out the following:
first and foremost , it's important to remember that today it is easier to travel around the world because nowadays there are lots of good and fast means of transport . 
in the same way , we can travel inside our country quickly and safely . consequently , we've got opportunities to know many different places and to contact different people , too . 
secondly , we can't forget either that all of us have the ability to communicate with people by mobile phone , by the internet , who live not only in this country , but also abroad . 
finally , we should consider , too , that technology has been providing us with important discoveries , mainly in matters of health , the environment and so on . 
in conclusion , i really believe that our daily life is very different to what it was in the last century and even in the beginning of this century . science and technology are mainly responsible for this . 
dear sir/madam , 
during my visit to london , i had the opportunity to visit the circle theatre and to see 'over the rainbow' . to my dismay the musical was nothing compared to what i had expected , as it completely contradicted the advertisement . 
firstly , despite the advertisement stating that danny brook was starring , another actor starred in the actual show and his performance was absolutely horrible , and disappointing . 
secondly the start of the show was far from punctual . according to the advertisement , the show which i had gone to was supposed to begin at 19:30 , but the show did not start until 20:15 . 
in the advertisement , it said that discounts were available . despite this the ticket vendors explicitly told me that there were no discounts to be offered . 
according to the advertisement , the audience were free to go to the theatre restaurant after the show . however , by the time the show had ended the restaurant was closed . 
i was further humiliated by the irony of the advertisement , which stated that it would be my 'perfect evening out' , when it was quite the opposite . 
i hope you understand my disappointment . in addition , by way of compensation , i would like to have a refund , and an explanation for such a show . 
yours faithfully , 
how has modern technology changed your daily life ? 
during these past few decades , or rather in the 20th century , there has been a great deal of development in modern technology . 
one of the essential development developments has been in our means of transportation . the invention of cars , planes , trains and other similar forms of transportation has enabled us to go from one place to another in no time . this enables us to save a great deal of time and effort . quite recently , in my country electric bicycles have been invented . this , compared to the traditional bicycle , is less physically demanding and less time-consuming and therefore lets me travel to my destination in a small amount of time quickly with hardly any effort at all . this has made my life easier . on the other hand , i feel as though i am becoming lazier and exercising less . 
another significant technological development is the invention of electrical appliances . there are many indispensable electrical appliances , such as television , radio , fax machines , and microwaves . what changed my life most are portal computers . they are particularly useful for someone like me who often travels . before i used computers generally , it took so much time for me to look up words in a dictionary and look up information . with a computer , however , all this is done in a matter of seconds . this again enables people to save time . 
modern technology helps people in many ways and is indispensable . however , if we rely on it too much , we could become lazy and apathetic and , as a result , will not be able to live without it once it is gone . 
june 17th , 2000
dear sir , 
i am writing this letter to show how disappointed i am with the musical show " over the rainbow " . 
first of all , i was expecting to see danny brook acting but i felt very disappointed when a different actor appeared . 
when i saw the advertisement for the show it was written that the show would start at a half past seven but it started at a quarter past eight . 
then when i was buying my ticket i asked for a discount but they weren't available . 
when the show finished i was intending to visit the theatre restaurant but it was closed . 
i was expecting a lovely and perfect evening out but it was the most disappointed disappointing experience i have ever had . so because of this horrible evening i want to ask for my money back . 
yours faithfully , 
modern technology has been changing human life since the first man was born . 
when i wake up i take a shower using electricity then i prepare my breakfast in the oven then i go to school by bus , when i arrive at home i put my lunch in the microwave then i watch tv and do my homework using a pen . when i come back from jiu-jitsu i eat something that was cooked in the oven then i go to bed . 
about a millennium ago everything was different ; people didn't have electricity , they cooked their food on the fire and they didn't have pens . 
comparing these two realities the reader can notice that modern technology has changed our daily life very much . 
jun 17th , 2000
dear mr smith , 
my name is volencia vardez . i am writing to complain about the services that you are offering at the shows at your theatre . 
last may , i had a week's holiday in london , and during my trip i decided to buy tickets for over the rainbow , the musical . i was really excited about the idea of seeing that show . 
first of all , when i arrived , i found a note stuck on the front door that informed me about changes to the list of performers . danny brook was ill . he was replaced by another actor whose abilities were poor . 
secondly , i want to tell you that the show started forty-five minutes late . 
as to the tickets , i want to say that they are very expensive . i had put some money aside for that month , thinking about the discount , but when i went to buy them they said that discounts were not available . 
to conclude , the restaurant was closed . 
i would appreciate it if you could send me my money back . waiting for your reply . 
yours faithfully . 
unfortunately , pat was not very good at keeping secrets . that is why she could not be a spy . 
when she was a girl , pat used to play spy and detective games . her mother gave her a book for her birthday about how to become a spy . she had watched all of mission impossible and gadget , the inspector series . 
when she finished school , she went to study at the agent training agency where she learnt about guns , clues , agencies , etc . she was the best student they had ever had . 
but things changed during her first mission . she was sent to new york to discover how some people from the government gave money to the merchants because they wanted to build a trade centre there . 
at first she walked around the bay-side market , looking at all the people who were there . when she saw a man , different from the rest , talking with one of the salesmen , immediately she interrupted , she interrupted immediately and told the man that she was a secret agent . obviously the man realised that she was looking for him and said that she was really crazy ! 
you can imagine what happened to her cover . 
dear sir or madam , 
i'm writing to complain about the musical show named over the rainbow . according to your advertisement , it is london's newest and best musical show , but i was deeply disappointed with it . 
according to your advertisement , the stars were danny brook and tina truelove . i decided to go to see this show because of its stars , but on the day i saw it , a different actor performed . he was not danny brook . 
moreover there were no discount tickets . they were all sold out . you should have said there were very few . i had to buy a 20 ticket . 
to make matters worse , the time that the show started was delayed . it started at 20:15 , forty five forty-five minutes late ! that's why i couldn't have dinner at the theatre restaurant after the show . it had already closed when the show finished . 
i'd like to ask for a full refund for this awful night . could you give me a satisfactory reply as soon as possible ? 
yours faithfully
modern technology has changed my life . 
in particular , the computer has changed my daily life dramatically . 
it is only two or three years since i started using a computer at home , but now i wonder how i could live without one . i open my mailbox every night . when i find a new message , i'm very happy . 
before using e-mail , i used to write letters and sometimes used the telephone . however , i've found e-mail is better than those means of communication , because as soon as i send my message , they receive it . in other words , i can also receive their reply quickly . it's really useful when i need a quick reply . 
moreover when i send e-mail , i don't need to worry about the time . i can send them anytime i like . 
thanks to modern technology , i enjoy chatting with my friends in other countries and my family in japan almost every day . 
mr manager , 
i'm sorry to be writing to you about such a bad thing , but my evening at your theatre wasn't as perfect as you advertised : it wasn't perfect at all ! i was pleased to be seeing danny brooke , he's my favourite actor , so you can easily imagine how disappointed i was when i saw a different and unknown actor on the stage ! by the way , what really upset me was the starting time . according to your advertisement it started at 19:30 , and what a surprise when i had to wait almost an hour until the show started at 20:15 ! now let's talk about the tickets . you had promised discounts on the cost , which was from 10 to 20 , but despite what i thought i had to pay 20 without any other options . in the end , i thought i could enjoy myself visiting the theatre restaurant but it was closed because of something they didn't explain to me . 
as you can see it was not a perfect evening , wasn't was it ? 
i'm asking you for my money back , you can do it , can't you ? 
wondering your comprension 
yours sincerely
the old man and the sea - ernest hemingway
as i see it , the old man and the sea is a really exciting book . it describes a challenge , the challenge of life . the main character is the old man who has to fight against the sea to stay alive . it could be his last adventure . this old man with his old boat goes too far away from the coast to try to fish for something good . by surprise he comes across the biggest fish he has ever seen , a beautiful marlin . the man keeps immediately constantly in contact with it . they are going to be one thing linked together . they're fighting for the same reason with the same strength , the man has to kill a brother , as he calls the fish . i think they're really brothers , they feel the same pain and fear during the battle . 
if the marlin could speak it would have told the old man the same thing . when the old man won the fight he felt sorry but pleased . he respected and still loved it . but , afterwards , life's rule is mors tua vita mea and that's the most difficult thing to face up to . 
17th june 2000
dear sir/madam , 
i am writing with reference to over the rainbow , the musical show , which i went to see at the circle theatre last night . being a theatre lover , i am always looking forward to seeing new musicals , but unfortunately , this particular one was very disappointing . 
first of all , danny brook was not starring , even though it was stated in your advertisement that he would perform , but the main role was played by an unknown actor . secondly , i had to wait for forty-five minutes for the show to start , and it was 20:15 ( not 19:30 ) when the curtain went up . 
another disappointing thing was that i could not get a student discount , even though your advertisement promised them . to make things even worse , the theatre restaurant was closed after the show , because of the roof repairs . 
as you can see i had a very disappointing evening - the worst one of my week's holiday in london . i would like therefore to have my money back , so please send me a cheque for 20 to the address above . 
yours faithfully , 
katja menan . 
fashion of the future . 
almost everyone is trying to be fashionable and look modern . every season we can see the arrival of new styles , fabrics and proportions . let's try to imagine what clothes will be like 100 years from now ? 
i think in the future people will express themselves by wearing appropriate clothes . there will be a mixture of styles from different times in the past , so if you feel like a medieval princess , you can dress like one . new technology and science will change fabrics , so they will change their colours during the day . 
in the future people will be even more concerned about pollution and harmful uv-rays . so their clothes will have built-in protective filters to help them keep healthy . 
with so many choices , shopping for clothes is going to be even more fun than it is now . the fashion of the future will not be the same as today's , but it will be more exciting and fun ! 
dear manager of the circle theatre
i recently had a week's holiday in london . during my stay , i went to the circle theatre to see your musical show called 'over the rainbow' . it was actually very disappointing and i have to say that i want my money back as you said 'your pefect evening' out in your advertisement and i really do think it was not the perfect evening out . 
here are the problems with your show . in your advertisement , it says that danny brook will act but he did not . it was a different actor and i was very disappointed . it says that the show starts at 14:30 and 19:30 but the show started at 20:15 which was 45 minutes late . 
the price of the ticket was another problem . your advertisement says 'discounts available' but it was not available . i did not get a discount . i really liked your idea of visiting your theatre restaurant , but because of the late start of the show , the restaurant was closed by the end of the show . 
i really do think you need to organise your show a bit more carefully so you do not make these mistakes in future and it will be kind of you if you give my money back . 
yours faithfully
ring t lun
how has modern technology changed your daily life ? 
i believe that modern technology has changed a lot of people's daily life . my daily life also has been affected by modern technology a lot . 
the modern technology which changed my daily life most is the personal computer . i can do a lot of things using the computer . i can play games , listen to music , and i can do my course work on the computer . 
the main advantage of modern technology is getting more information in a shorter time . i can go on the internet in my house using computers or from outside using mobile phones . i don't have to go to the library and read hundreds of books to find information anymore . 
i have tv's and radios so i can watch or listen to various news and i don't have to go to football stadiums to see how the players are playing . 
there are , of course , some disadvantages . nowadays , it is too easy to get lazy because of modern technology . i do not have to walk or run a lot to go somewhere . there are plenty of trains and buses . i have to spend my time doing some exercises or i will get really lazy and unfit . i sometimes think that it might not be a good idea to use modern technology a lot . 
i think modern techonology has changed my daily life a lot and i hope it will develop even more to change my life even more . 
sir , madam 
i spent one week in london and during my visit i had the good fortune to see " over the rainbow " at your theatre . but i was not very satisfied after my " perfect evening " out . the advertisement for the musical show was very good , but the information was not correct . you wrote that the main actor would be danny brook but there was another one who was really disappointing . in the advertisement it was written that the show would start at 19 . 30 but it started 45 minutes later , at 20 . 15 ! because of the advertisement i thought that i could get a discount on the tickets available but i couldn't . after the show i needed to drink something in the theatre restaurant as the advertisement conceived , but it was closed . and there was no reason why . 
so you can see that it was not a so perfect an evening for me as i expected had expected . now i hope that you can understand my request for some money back because of the trouble i had . 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . this was the only reason why she had not got a lot of friends . when pat first came into a class or a group of teenagers there were no problems . but after a few times the others would see that pat couldn't keep secrets . so they stopped almost immediately telling her anything important telling her anything important almost immediately . sometimes it finished with the others only saying : " hello , how are you ? " and then going away without listening to the answer . this made pat sad and she became very quiet . during the day she worked hard so she would not think too much . but at night , when it became dark the dreams would come . she dreamed about good friends , the time that had long passed by and she dreamed of someone who she could tell her own secrets . 
then one day she met this person . it was katha , a girl who had the same problem as pat . so they both found the person they dreamed of . 
dear sir or madam , i recently went to the circle theatre in order to see over the rainbow , and it has been quite deceiving . i am writing to you to complain about five or six utterly outrageous facts . in the advertisement for the show , which i had picked up in the hall of the theatre , there are about five points which were not true . to begin with , as far as the cast is concerned , danny brook should have performed as the main character , and i saw at the very beginning of the show that he did not . insofar as i came here especially to see him play , i have been very disappointed , and this could be the understatement of the year , as he is my favourite actor . apart from that , the show should have begun at 19 . 30 and it started at 20:15 ! could you explain to me the reasons for such a huge delay ? thirdly , the ad mentioned possible discounts . personally speaking , i didn't see them and didn't even hear of them : i asked about it , but nobody seemed to know anything concerning discounts . on top of that , the restaurant was closed for renovation ! how can you dare put publish an advertisement for a theatre restaurant if you obviously know it is closed ? to put it in a nutshell , and quite honestly , i would like to emphasize the fact that i did not spend have a " perfect evening out " at all , such as was mentioned promised in the ad . for all these reasons , i would like , dear sir or madam , you to give me my money back . i am looking forward to hearing from you . yours faithfully , 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . if only paul had known that before . . . 
it all began when paul went downstairs in the heavy sleep . as he closed his eyes , he started to travel along the dark paths of his conscience . he went through the valleys , plains and mountains of the dream landscape . he finally arrived in faerie , a country of elder elves and strong white-bearded dwarves
while he was wandering in the depths of the forest he felt a little tired and sat on a huge grey stone , on the top of which he could stare across the whole wood . 
all of a sudden , a weird creature popped into his dream . she was taller than a dwarf and as thin as a dying tree . paul was wondering whether this beast could be aggressive when the creature said these words , " i am glad to meet you , paul . " the boy could not believe what he was hearing . how did the beast know his name ? " you see , i am a mere product of your mind , but i would like to get out of the heavy sleep . please , bring me with you , into your reality ! " 
at these words , paul suddenly awoke . relieved , he thought that bringing the creature into his world would have revealed the existence of faerie , and with it , threatened the ecology of the dream landscape , when he heard a creepy sound under his bed . he jumped out of his room , locked the door and found his brother , pat . he told him about his adventures and asked him not to repeat them . 
unfortunately . . . one hour after that , a local zoo keeper arrived and caught the creature in order to put her in a cage . there she died because she did not have the faerian food necessary for her survival . 
this is how mankind destroys what is good and burns the woods of dream . this is why mankind can't be relied on . this is how secrets are betrayed , and the result . 
dear sir/madam , 
i am writing to complain about the show , " over the rainbow " , which i saw in your theatre last week . i was really disappointed because the show was far from what i expected . 
first of all , i was really expecting to see danny brook , my favourite actor . however , he was not on the stage that day . secondly the show started late and i had to wait for 45 minutes doing nothing . it was a waste of time . i also thought that there should have been discounts for students , which in fact were not available and i had to pay the normal price . further more furthermore , the restaurant in the theatre was closed after the show because of the delay . i had to go home without eating dinner , though i was really hungry . 
i have to say that the evening was terrible . if i had known all of them , i would have changed my plan and could have had a better time . 
i strongly suggest you give us the right information . i would also like to claim a refund for the evening . 
i hope this matter will receive your prompt attention . 
yours faithfully , 
fashion in 100 years
if you compare the fashion now with that of 100 years ago , you'll notice that there are incredibly big differences between them . people have become more informal , casual and practical than before . but how about the fashion of the future , for example , 100 years from now ? 
i think it'll also be very different from now . but in what way ? 
first of all , people might think more about the function of clothes than the design . for example , they'll wear clothing which protects them from air pollution , sunshine etc . 
imagine that all the people have masks on their mouths and noses like we have sun-glasses , and that all the masks are designer brands , which are made of a special material to prevent us from breathing in polluted air . it's like a joke , but a bit scary . 
imagine that all the people have hats with broad brims to protect their faces from the sunburn sun , and it's the trendiest fashion of the year ! 
it's funny . but we never know ! ! 
dear madam or sir , 
during my recent holiday in london i visited one of your shows at the " circle theatre " . the show was called " over the rainbow " and should be , in reference to to quote the advertisement , london's newest and best musical show . but i was very disappointed . i was very pleased that the main actors listed on the advertisement were danny brook and tina truelove . when i saw that you had changed danny brook for someone else i was very disappointed . 
moreover i would like to tell you that the show should have begun at 19:30 but it started after a delay of 45 minutes . i do not think that this delay is acceptable . furthermore you had mentioned some discounts in your advertisement , but i had to pay the full price although i am a student . 
even your theatre restaurant was closed for repairs . the perfect evening you promised in your advertisement was the complete opposite and that is why i want to get some money back from you . 
i am looking forward to a prompt answer . 
yours faithfully
herman ruter
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . pat and i have been friends for a long time . we have had a lot of fun together because we have the same interests . when we were 15 years old we decided to drive my mother's car on a day when my parents were absent . i told pat to keep in mind that my parents would be very angry if they got to know about this . pat promised to tell nobody about our purpose . two days later my father asked me whether i had at any time thought of driving a car without a driver's licence because he had heard about it from some parents of my friends at school . he told me for two hours what could happen if i did that . i was very surprised because pat and i were alone when we decided to do it . 
the next day pat told me that he wanted to be admired by some girls and so he had to tell them our secret . 
i felt very disappointed then but i have learned something new about humans; it is that you can only trust yourself . pat and i are still good friends but we have never shared another secret . 
sir , 
i have seen your musical show " over the rainbow " in london . i was very disappointed when i read your advertisement . i was keen on your show , but i have not seen the same show , i have seen one which looked like it , but wasn't it . 
first of all , i was attracted by the actors - danny brooks and tina truelove - and not by the actors who performed effectively that evening . these actors appeared forty-five minutes late referring according to what is written in your advertisement . this lateness prevented me from going to dinner in your restaurant because it was just closing ! 
for all these reasons i wish that i not had had not gone to see that show , for which the tickets were not available . and in conclusion i want you to give me my money back , ( i still have the advertisement if you want proof of what i say ) . you have the choice , either you do what i want , or i attack you in the courts . 
yours sincerely 
" the old man and the sea " e . h . 
when i read this book , i was fascinated by the willpower of the old fisherman . this willpower is so amazing , he has all the elements against him . his boat is so small and poor , he is old , it is hot and he is alone without any chance of meeting anyone who could help him . 
but i don't think he would want to . 
he doesn't want help because he wants to prove to the little boy and himself that he is not really old , even if he has lived many years . 
i think these are the reasons for his willpower . although the fish is eaten by the sharks , he is the winner , the winner of himself . he could have triumphed over the fish because of his knowledge of the sea but it is principally because he has known research in the depths of his mind . 
to conclude i think the most difficult situations allow us to discover ourselves getting out of ourselves . 
dear sir , 
i am writing from paris where i live . my wife and i spent a couple of days in london two weeks ago . we were really pleased because it was our first time in england . 
we asked our travel agent to organise our trip . my wife and i are both fond of theatre , musicals especially . it is so rare to see musicals in paris that we decided to book two seats for " over the rainbow " . 
we were very disappointed ! of course , the show didn't start on time . no reasons or excuses were given . our travel agent told us that it would be cheaper to purchase our tickets directly from the theatre . but , in fact , there were no discounts available . and we had to pay 20 a seat . 
the worst was to come . the great danny brooks was supposed to be the main character . but , instead of him , we saw an unknown actor ( who really needs singing lessons ) . 
after the show we had planned to go to the theatre restaurant . but it was closed . perhaps it was a stroke of luck ! 
so we want you to give us our money back , the show wasn't worth the price . 
yours faithfully , 
and now , i was wondering if i had not made a mistake . my brother was too talkative ! 
two days before , i told him that our father was about to buy a brand new car . and he did not want our mother to be informed . it was supposed to be a gift for twenty years of marriage . a car only for her . 
the first thing pat did was to tell our young sister the secret . and , less than five minutes later , our mother knew the whole thing . her reaction was not the one we were expecting . obviously she was not surprised , but she was certainly angry . really angry ! ! she thought it was a stupid idea , and also an expensive one . according to her , this car would have been useless . she suspected our father wanted to please himself . 
then , we decided to give her a red bicycle . it was the colour my father had chosen for the car ! 
dear sir , 
i am writing this letter because i had a week in london last month and i decided to see your show called " over the rainbow " with my wife and children . we were disappointed because your advertisement was a misleading one . 
first of all , the most important singer , danny brook , was not singing . you should have at least informed the public because most of the people there came to see him . however , the man who took his place gave a good performance , we enjoyed listening to him because his voice was amazing . 
the time was not respected: the show began 45 minutes late . the children could not stand waiting outside in the cold . as it started later , it finished later and people missed the train they wanted to take . furthermore you did not apologise , as if it was usual ! 
in my opinion , the tickets were a little bit expensive and not many people could afford the price . we did not see any discounts ! 
finally your restaurant was closed because too few people had been coming . i understand them . after such a bad show you don't want to eat in the same place . 
for these reasons i would like to have my money back because it was not a " perfect evening " as you said . but i think that if you took more care of the public , your show would catch on because the singers and songs are really impressive . 
yours faithfully
modern technology is everywhere in our society . we use it daily and sometimes don't realize that things are changing in our daily life . 
the ways we travel are improving a lot at present . cars are really useful and a lot faster than walking or cycling . but cars create pollution: for example the greenhouse effect . but it is also technology which tries to resolve this problem with new ways means of transport such as subways or busses so as to have less cars in the cities . 
technology allows us to improve our knowledge in the sciences like medicine so as to cure more illnesses or to make people live longer . i think there is a link between technology and the sciences because they need each other: the sciences discover technologies and technologies make possible new research in the sciences new research in the sciences possible . 
technology also improved communications with the phone of course and also with the internet . every evening when i come back home i go on the internet . i chat with other people in order to exchange our points of view or i look for information i need for my studies . in my opinion it's a lot better than the dictionary because it's faster and you really find what you need . furthermore we can find everything all the time . 
technology is necessary to our society but i think it could also be dangerous if we don't use it in a good way . 
dear mr. smith , 
i am writing to you about an enjure that i had at your last musical at the circle theatre . i went to see " over the rainbow " last saturday and i had a very disappointing evening . 
first of all , i was surprising surprised that danny brook and tina truelove did not play perform . nobody told us why they weren't there . 
i read in your advertisement in friday's edition of the times that the show should start at 19 . 30 but the performance started at 20 . 15 . i was waiting 45 minutes for nothing ! 
i am a student and i didn't get a discount ticket . i don't understand the problem between your advertisement and the reality . 
and finally , after the show , i wanted to have a coffee but the theatre restaurant was closed ! 
as mentioned in the newspaper , i didn't have a perfect evening out and i ask you to give me back my money . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you soon . 
yours sincerely
how has modern technology changed your daily life ? 
my life changes every day because of modern technology . for example , if i don't have time to do my shopping after school because i have to do my homework , i go on the internet and ask for what i need . the day after i get everything at home by post . 
in my point of view from my point of view , the internet is the most important discovery invention of the 2000 century . you can book tickets for the theatre , sport , etc . , you can find all the information you need for yourself . you have a lot of things to do , to see , to learn . it is too big to tell everybody about what you can do ! 
i use the internet all the time for my homework and in the future , i hope , i will be able to use it for my own work . 
technology will not stop growing and helping people in the future . i hope i will help them , i am sure i will ! 
dear sir or madam , 
i'm writing to complain about your musical show " over the rainbow " , which i recently saw at the circle theatre . it was the only disappointment during my holiday in london , since several things didn't work out as promised in your advertisement . 
first of all , there were no discounts available , and having paid 20 i had to wait 45 minutes longer than expected since the show began at 20:15 and not at 19:30 . 
as a second point , the actor was not danny brook , as advertised , but someone else i've never heard of before . his acting and singing were horrible . 
finally , after all these disappointments , i was not able to have dinner in your theatre restaurant . it was closed for some reason i still don't know . 
you see , it was not the " perfect evening out " , as you had promised in the advertisement . therefore , i would like to ask for at least half of my money back . 
i'm looking forward to hearing from you soon , 
yours faithfully , ewe p meier
the pressure of secrets
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . and if he had been able to keep one , the following story wouldn't have happened . 
pat was a teacher of english as a foreign language . sometimes he had liked to surprise his class with a test to see how good they would be when they could not have revised for it in advance . and always , everybody did it surprisingly well . 
what was the reason ? pat used to show the test to his friend nick , when he had finished it , to get his opinion . nick then took a copy of the test to file it . and nick's girlfriend happened to be in pat's class . she was quite clever and had known everything about this , so she had made copies for her classmates and everybody was prepared . 
you see , each little secret is a kind of pressure to pat , and he only feels free if he can tell someone about it . and this is the same for everybody , isn't it ? 
or can you keep a secret ? 
dear mr. . . . 
it wasn't the first time i visited saw this show in your theatre , but it was the worst one . 
at first it was a great pleasure for me to get a ticket therefore because i'm one of greatest fans of danny brook danny brook's greatest fans . it's not that problem that there was no more discount available - but i had chosen it , because i'm ( allowed ? ) . 
when the musical started at 20:15 ( not at 19:30 as advertised ) i was really shocked when i realised that a different actor was playing his role . i couldn't stay any longer and had to leave the theatre . 
you have to know that i am very sick because of my blood pressure and so i was laying down the whole weekend . in my opinion it's simple for you to pay me the money i spent back back the money i spent . otherwise i have to contact my lawyer . 
i am waiting to hear from you . 
for me , as a scientist , it's a big problem to show how the innovations of the last century went up with the environment and nature . 
in the past new technologies were mostly followed by ground- , water- or air pollution . 
nowadays a simple thing like a computer includes so many possible ways of destroying different environmental compartments . on the one hand there are the materials from which the pcs are made , on the other hand is the huge waste problem . 
now i try to show , in my daily work , how the airborn chlororganics , which are degased from plastics , will be separated and damaged by green plants . 
sometimes it seems to me like a joke if i think about all the dangerous materials i need to do my job . nevertheless , in my opinion , the only way to find a better way of living with nature is to check out the problems we have . therefore it makes sense to use the innovation innovations which are causing environmental destruction . 
dear sir or madam . 
a few days ago i went to your theatre to see a musical show . unfortunately i was very disappointed with it ; i was expecting the opposite . 
first of all , the advertisement where you advertised your show and what the theatre provides is totally wrong . 
i came to see my favourite actors danny brook and tina truelove , but the actors whom i saw were other people . another thing is that i took a particular amount of money to buy tickets and when i appeared in front of the ticket desk i found out that the cost of the tickets in your advertisement and the real price weren't the same , the real price was much higher . also the show started very late compare compared to what was written in the advertisement . and i think you know how it is just sitting and waiting for 45 minutes before the beginning ? 
so , after all of that , i wanted to have a nice relaxing dinner in your restaurant . i was very angry when i appeared in front of closed doors and there was a notice that the restaurant wasn't open . 
in fact i am writing to you with just one main aim . i'll be really delighted to receive the money back for my ticket . 
i'm looking forward to hearing from you . 
faithfully yours
lena jarova
begin at the beginning . look at the history books for 400-600 years ago , or even for the time of the first and second world wars , to see how society has changed , just because we stepped up the advance of science and technology . 
on the one hand scientists have discovered a lot of medicines for different illnesses , but in an another hand on the other hand they discovered many illnesses about which we hadn't heard which we hadn't heard about before . i think this side of the question is balanced because before the effect on our health was less than it is now . more and more people die from some illnesses whereas a long time ago fewer people died from the same illnesses , despite the fact that they had fewer medicines . 
however , technology nowadays improved has improved so much and it has changed our lives a lot . today we can't even think how we could possibly live without computers or without aeroplanes . the computer is our way of with the outside world communicate communicating communicating with the outside world , whereas with aeroplanes we can reach our parents and friends easily and much faster than we would if we used boats or trains . every day scientists and technologist technologists discover and produce more and more new things and that is good . it has to be like that , we have to go forward not backward from the point where we are now . 
society has to go forward not to stop in one place . 
mr. /mrs manager , 
i am writing to complain about a musical i went to one week ago . 
firstly , i was really disappointed when i realised that the actor danny brook was not performing for personal reasons . i like this actor very much and it was not the same without him . moreover , the musical was supposed to start at 19 . 30 but it started at 20:15 , making all the audience wait for nearly an hour . 
to make matters worse , there were no discounts on tickets such as you advertised . because of this i had to buy a ticket for the cheapest and worst seat available . as if this were not enough , once the show ended i had to walk twenty blocks to find a restaurant since the theatre restaurant was closed for maintenance . 
i , therefore , request an immediate refund of the 10 i spent on your musical as i believe your theatre is directly to blame . 
looking forward to receiving your prompt reply . 
sincerely , 
how has modern technology changed my daily life ? 
well , it's pretty simple to answer this . 
everything started when i was eight years old and my family bought a personal computer . i didn't pay attention to it then but as as i grew older i started to like and play computer games . 
the years went by and after buying a newer , faster and better pc i found myself writing letters , doing homework and in the evening learning with my computer . in spite of my family telling me to turn the pc off and talk to them , i kept on , stuck in front of the screen . 
nowadays it is a fact that my life wouldn't be the same without my pc . after i got connected to the internet my life completely changed . i spend my free time building my personal web page with which i intend to earn money in the future; and i also check the weather forecast , buy food and pay bills through the web . my daily life would be harder without modern technology . 
dear mr smith , 
i'm terribly sorry but i have inform to inform you about a very disappointing evening . i'm sure you'll read this letter with the intention of explaining the problems i had during the musical show at your theatre . one of the causes of my disappointment was the substitute actor that played in the show . 
i like danny brook very much , and his unexpected absence caused me great sadness . 
then , the musical show had to start at 19 , 30 . . why at 20:15 there was the light on was the light on at 20:15 ? you'll agree with me that 45 minutes waiting for the start of the show is too long a time . 
the advertisement for the show indicated discounts available and an open restaurant after the show but it wasn't like that . the restaurant was closed because of illness . . whose ? it's a strange thing ! for those reasons i ask you for some money back , sure of my good reasons . 
greetings 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . 
it's for this reason that i'm now in this terrible situation . i can't believe she said that i was at maria's party and , because i was distracted , i told pat that i had lost jon's shirt . i had agreed to buy another one , of the same style , but now he's angry with me , because i didn't say anything to him . 
i don't know what to do . he's my best friend and so he wanted all the truth from me i could give him . it's all right , but i also think that he's exaggerate exaggerating . i don't think i have done such a bad thing as to break destroy our friendship . i feel sad and shocked . i like his company , and we are happy when we are together . i can't finish with him because of a girl who can't keep a simple secret . 
dear " circle theatre " manager , 
i am writing in order to express my disappointment at the show " over the rainbow " , performed 2 weeks ago; first of all , i read in the advertisement that danny brook was to act in the show , but the actor that really played was a different one , and this was very disappointing . then , the show was to begin at 19:30 , but it began only at 20 . 15 ! 
as regards the tickets , i read that discounts were available , but it was not so , and i had to pay the full price . moreover , after the show , i intended to visit your theatre restaurant , but it was closed and there was no explanation for that . finally , you promised in your advertisement a perfect evening out; as it was not so , i would like to have my money back . 
i hope to hear from you soon , 
best wishes
fashion: this term evokes top models , stylists , colours and the great european capital cities , like rome , london and paris . but it is nearly impossible to define it or to fix the rules within which it develops ; nowadays the fashion world includes ( and is created by ) designers from all over the world , each one presenting a different model of beauty , sometimes one the opposite of another . i think that fashion in the future will develop along very different lines: there may be a return to the fashion of the past , as we can notice now , or a more fantastic and technological development . surely , ordinary people will not follow only the models presented on tv . as regards everyday life , i think that in the future attention will be focused on comfort more than on elegance . but if it is difficult to forecast the developments of the fashion world , it is nearly impossible to forecast those of the common people , that is a too varied a category . 
authorities of the circle theatre:
i'm writing to you because i want you to know what happened last week , when i went to the circle theatre and i saw " over the rainbow " . it was really disappointing . 
first of all , in your advertisement you said that discounts were available , but i couldn't find them available anywhere . secondly . . . the play started at quarter past eight: forty-five minutes late . when it started i could see that danny brook wasn't in the play , and nobody told us why . the actor who was acting his part is the worst i have ever seen , really terrible . had he been in a play before ? i don't think so . . . . finally , when the play finished , we went to the theatre restaurant to have dinner but it was closed . i don't know the reason why . . . 
as you can see , it wasn't a " perfect evening " . 
i want you to give me a full refund . my address is in the envelope . i'm looking forward to hearing from you in the very near future . 
yours sincerely . 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . . . . and when she found out that maria was going out with tim ( a classmate ) , she told everyone she met . within a few days maria's father ( who is very jealous ) had heard the rumour . he asked maria if it was true and she couldn't lie . he got very angry and he didn't allow maria to go out for a period of two weeks . maria talked to her father and tried to explain to him that tim is a good person but her father says that she is too young to have a boyfriend . 
maria met tim at night , when her father was sleeping . when maria could go out she told her friends what pat had done . now nobody tells her anything . maria is still going out with tim . her father accepted him after a while . 
dear sir/madam , 
i recently had a holiday in london and went to your musical show 'over the rainbow' but found it very disappointing . 
it said in the advertisement that the singers are danny brook and tina truelove . however , there was a different , unknown actor in that . the show started late , at 20:15 , which was very different from '19 . 30' as shown . there was no discount at all , which was in contrast with 'discounts available ' . after the show , i wanted to have something in the theatre restaurant and found it was closed for no reason . 
the real show is really very different to what is described in the advertisement . i am unsatisfied and would like to ask for some money back . please would you also change the advertisement to the level of the actual facts . 
thank you for your attention . 
yours faithfully , 
what will clothes be like 100 years from now ? it is a very hard thing to predict . 
the fashion in nowaday clothing just keeps on changing . although some may appear again after a few years , different styles are developed . 
concerning the fashion of the future , i think it depends on people's personalities and they develop their own styles which suit them the most . they can wear different kinds of clothing , like they design for themselves or those like history can wear those of victorian times and in different countries . 
as for the colours , i think metallic colours , especially silver , will be the most popular . as different kinds of fabrics will be invented and the clothings will never be just cotton as always been seen . maybe paper can also be a fabric used to make clothing and for those who like to wear new clothes every day . they can be thrown away after wearing them and are light enough to be carried around whenever you want to change what you're wearing . 
dear sir/madam , 
i am writing to let you know about the unbelievable experiences which we had when we went to the theatre to see the musical show 'over the rainbow . '
first of all , i am a fan of danny brook but he was absent because he was sick . it disappointed me very much . moreover , he made many mistakes . 
secondly , although we had booked the tickets 3 days before we went to the theatre , we could not be given any discounts only because we had booked at a travel agency . 
finally , i am going to write about the theatre , the circle theatre . the show was supposed to start at 19:30 , but it started at 20:15 . because of that , we missed the train and we had to stay one more night in london . it was your fault . we would like you to return the price of the ticket and pay us for that hotel as well . i would recommend you show that the restaurant is closed on monday . i could not have dinner . 
i look forward to hearing from you soon . 
yours faithfully , 
fashion of the future
if you asked the young people what they spend their money on most , most of them would answer 'clothes' . these days , new fashions pass by very quickly . 
in my opinion , young people tend to wear clothes which can show their skin . for example , short skirts and tops like underwear . i think young people would wear smaller clothes which make them look like they are almost naked even in winter . i suppose that a scientist could invent new kinds of materials which are warm and thick . it could be that people will wear the clothes which ancient people used to wear , like skirts made of leaves . 
next , i predict about patterns of clothes . the animal-pattern is catching on now . it might be possible that the fish-pattern catch on will catch on in 100 years . 
however , fashion changes too fast to predict . i think fashion changes very quickly so that people are interested in those changes . 
elise-lune 48
1093 la conversion
17th june 2000
the manager of
the circle theatre
dear sir , 
last week , i went to london , to your theatre to see " over the rainbow " and i had a disappointing evening . 
the problems were : firstly , the famous actors danny brook and tina truelove weren't there in your show , i was unhappy to constat that there were different actors that evening . secondly , the 19:30 show only started at 20:15; thirdly , your advertisement said: " discounts available " ; but it wasn't the case . fourth , the restaurant was closed for renovation and you shouldn't have proposed we go . 
as you can see , i'm very disappointed about this evening out and i think it was a waste of time and money . that's why i ask you to give me my money back . i ask you to give me 20 , back by cheque . 
i'm looking forward to hearing from you . 
how has modern technology changed your daily life ? 
technology is the future , and the present . for instance , the internet . whole the the whole world is now connected by it . the internet is the " new " revolution of communications and knowledge . it is now ten years that the internet exists the internet has existed for ten years now , but we only used to use it for army and government purposes . now , everybody who works in a commercial company uses every day the internet the internet every day . 
technology means also also means all electrical machines , which don't stop being developed . another example , computers , every six months something better is invented . 
modern technology has changed my daily life every day . for instance , meat - we don't cook our meals , everything is already done . five minutes in the microwaves microwave and it's ready . machines have replaced the work of humans . every day we use technological machines without knowing . 
whole our our whole life is simplifying being simplified by machines for not waste the time to work on their development . 
dear sir , 
i'm writing to you inform you about the disappointing evening i had when i went to your theatre to see the play called " over the rainbow " . according to the advertisement you published , there should have been some important differences to the production i saw . 
firstly , the play started almost an hour late , and i went there to see danny brook , but there was a different actor on stage . 
secondly , in the advertisement it said that discounts were available but in the tickets i bought they was no discount there was no discount on the tickets i bought . furthermore , i had planned to have a great dinner with my family in your restaurant and it was closed because the people who work there were on holiday . in addition to this , i have to tell you that it was the most horrible evening i have had and because of this i want to ask you if you could send me a refund for part of the money i wasted there . i would be grateful if you could do that . 
finally , i want to tell you that it is not useful for you and your theatre to cheat your customers . if you do that , there will be no business for you and no satisfaction for them . 
i look forward to hearing from you
yours sincerely , 
how has modern technology changed my daily life ? 
nowadays , technology is the most useful tool that human beings have . it affects everyone who lives on this planet and every activity done on it . 
in this instance we are going to focus on me : emilio almodar , 18 years old , university student , and the career i have chosen is in international commerce or market . i use technology every minute but i did not realise . for example , when i come back home from university and i call my friends , i am using it because at home we have very modern phones and a fax machine and almost everybody in my family has a cellular phone and things like that . 
we also have five computers , the latest models , because they are useful for my father to work on and for me to do some special projects for university . these machines are connected to the internet , and that gives my family too much access to all the information we want , from how to prepare some a drink to what was the result of sunday's football match . in addition to this we use the net to communicate with some friends we have in the u . s . a . it's really amazing . 
apart from this , i don't spent my free time using technology . i prefer playing rugby and going out with friends , because technology is not all of life , but it is only a little part of it . 
monday , the 5th of june 2000
to the circle theatre's manager
dear sir , 
i recently had the opportunity to see " over the rainbow " , which was performed last week in the circle theatre . 
i'm writing to you because i'm very disappointed by the bad evening i had there . actually , i read the advertisement for the show and there were a few mistakes in it . 
in fact , danny brook didn't perform or appear on stage last tuesday , his role was played by another - a quite bad - actor , less famous than danny brook . 
i'm also annoyed because i had to wait 45 minutes before the play started . i can't accept waiting so long for the result i had . i was in london with some friends ( we are students ) and no discount was offered or given to us . we had to pay 15 each to see a miserable play . 
after the play , we wanted to eat at the theatre restaurant but we couldn't . it was apparently closed and i'm asking you why . 
as you can see , there are some ( voluntary deliberate ? ) mistakes in the advertisement you made . we didn't have a " perfect evening out " at all . that's why i'm asking you to give us our money back . 
i'm sure we'll find a compromise and i'm really looking forward to hearing from you soon . 
yours faithfully
an unusual part of life . 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets , and half a week later , all the school knew about me . 
i had a strange feeling then because it was just amazing to see how money can attract so many people . 
i started to have a lot of new friends , they all wanted to be my best friend . 
actually , pat would still remain my best friend , even if he failed me . it's not easy to keep such an enormous secret and i couldn't keep it inside me . 
i quickly became bored by this hypocritical attention they gave me . they didn't stop giving me advice or telling me what to do with my money . i always have been involved in many different associations , which are fighting against aids or cancer . i knew at this moment exactly what to do and , finally , i could recover my ordinary life as an unpopular student . 
dear sir/madam:
i am writing to ask about your advertisement and theatre show . i am a student in liverpool , and recently i had a week's holiday in london . on my first day in london , i saw your advertisement which was very interesting to me . but i was really disappointed by it . 
first of all , there was only one actor that was different from your advertisement . also , it was certain for me to be able to buy a discount ticket because i am a student . but , it was not available possible . 
second , i went to the theatre at exactly seven thirty in the evening . however , the show started 45 minutes later . i wasted too much time waiting . it was not good for me , because i had only one weeks holiday in london . moreover , the theatre restaurant was closed with the word " staff vacation " on the front door after the show . it was totally different from your leaflet . 
on the whole , i was really disappointed at that time . could you give me half of my money back ? i enclose my phone number and address . 
i'm looking forward to hearing from you soon . 
yours faithfully
lo son lin . 
fashion of the future . 
have you ever seen the film star wars ? 
and did you notice something about fashion of the future ? 
i think the people will wear convenient clothes with a simple design in the future . because the people will stay at home more than now with their computer . and they will use soft cozy fabrics like cotton and silk . 
however , if they have some special day like an important public day or special day of their life , they will wear very different kinds of clothes which you have never seen before . some of that will be very strange to our eyes , but some of the others will be familiar to us . and they will use most kinds of things like small stone to diamond etc . maybe some people will be naked . 
it will be very interesting . . . 
just imagine the future people's way of life , and you can see their clothes also . 
dear madam and sir 
i am writing to you about your production : 'over the rainbow' . i went to a performance and i am very disappointed . firstly , your advertisement said the actor would be danny brook , but it was not . it was another actor who played very badly . secondly , the musical should start at 19 . 30 , but we had to wait until 20 . 15 ! it was boring that nothing happened for such a long time on the stage . did you know that you have no discounts on your tickets ? i could not believe that . why do you write things on your advertisement that are not true ? and finally , i would have had my dinner after this disappointing musical and thought i would go to 'theatre restaurant' . but how could i , it was closed ! 
there are too many negative points for one evening . i am afraid that i want my money back . i hope you do not disappoint me on this point . 
yours faithfully
pica landen
'fashion of the future' ! this is not a taboo subject with me and my friends . we have discussed it a lot of times . i think it is important and necessary to think about it , because our children will live in the future . 
i had doubt doubts when somebody said that the fashion of the future would be different . i think it is very difficult to change clothes and fashion so much again . we have so many kinds of clothes and fashions from our old generations . maybe , the skirts will be shorter and the colours brighter , the shoes more modern so that you cannot walk in them anymore . 
maybe in 500 years , some people will live on mars and then they will have to wear other kinds of clothes . but i don't think these clothes are going to be a fashion on the earth . they just look funny ! 
see you in your next life ! 
saturday , june 17th , 2000 . 
dear sir or madam , 
i am writing to complain about the musical show " over the rainbow " that has been performed in the circle theatre . as i was very anxious to see that show , i planned to go to the theatre on my last holiday , and i am completely disappointed with it . 
first of all , i have to say that the advertisement promised something totally different from what i saw there . for example , the actors that were announced as taking part in the show were not danny brook and tina truelove , the discounts were not available and , the principal point: it started forty-five minutes late . then , to complete this terrible night , the restaurant was closed . i wonder if you could explain to me why . 
due to my huge dissatisfaction , i would like my money back , as you do not provide what was advertised . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours faithfully , 
manuela reves raverno
the influence of modern technology
every day , the growth of modern technology increases in the whole world and it is becoming essential in everybody's life . today , almost no one can live without , for example , a television , a radio or electricity in their homes . 
the huge growth of technology has brought lots of good things into my life , like the potential to be informed about everything that is happening around the world with the best image on my cab tv and on my computer . without leaving my bedroom , i can go anywhere using the internet . on the other hand , the excess of commodity commodities convenience can lead us , in the future , to a completely " cold " world , because of the distance between people that can be created that can be created between people . other bad points can be mentioned , like pollution for example . 
despite the bad things that modern technology can bring , in my opinion , if the governments tried to do their best , and if everybody contributed a little bit , we could solve the main problems and only take advantage of the benefits to our lives . 
dear sir/madam , 
i am writing to you to complain about the musical show , which where everything was completely different from the advertisement . 
firstly , i would like to say that i am very disappointed and upset with the show i saw . to begin my complaint i might start with the actor - who was a different one to the one advertised , not danny brook . tina truelove performed marvellously , but him , i think he is a " street actor " from covent garden . even worse was the delay . the show started at 20:15 instead of 19:30 , which drove me mad . 
i am a student visiting london for one week only and i asked for a discount ticket . i could not get it , it was really unfair . i paid the normal price . also there was another problem . i planned to visit the theatre restaurant after the show , i could not , it was closed because it was being refurbished and redecorated . 
anyway , i expected to have a perfect evening out , however , i just had a terrible time , everything went wrong . the only thing to do is: to compensate me , send me my money back . i am sending my ticket for that . hope you'll be fair with me otherwise i am going to take this further . 
i look forward to hearing from you soon . 
yours faithfully
mrcia
" techno life " 
twenty-first the twenty-first century - technology , technology , and technology . modern life has been full of science and technologies technology . 
i am very pleased that i was born in a time when there is such good technologies technology but my parents didn't have the same luck . my life is much easier with all this stuff mentioned above - technology and science . 
computers have changed people's lives . many of them can work from home , they don't need to go to their offices . the internet is very handy , you can shop , send e-mail messages , or even have sex , which is really funny . 
there is an ambiguity about technology - it can create good things and terrible things as well . one good side is it makes life easier - computers , mobile phones , vending machines , etc . . . . the bad side is we can use technology for war - missiles , weapons , etc . . . . 
indeed technology has changed our lives , we have become more sceptical and cold . i believe that people should take just good advantages that . sometimes i think technology is not a good thing . . . . 
to the manger of the circle theatre mr smith
caen , saturday june 17th
mr smith , 
i have recently been to london on holiday so i decided to spend my free time going to the musical show you were advertising . it seemed very attractive and the information on the ad pushed me into going to it . 
unfortunately , i've been really disappointed . i'm not keen on liars , mr smith , and i think that you've lied to naive tourists like us: some brilliant actors were supposed to play the parts and we only had different , pitiful ones . moreover the show was expected to begin at 19 . 30 but it was delayed by forty-five minutes . it is a shame ! i ought not to talk about the restaurant , which was closed for no apparent reasons
you had promised a perfect evening but i spent a horrible one there and you ruined my holiday ! 
what do you take us for , mr smith ? foolish idiots ? we did not deserve such a bad show . that's why i want my money back ! now ! otherwise i'll have to put some other ads out in london saying that your show is just a fraud ! 
how modern technology changed your daily life ! 
to begin with , i'd like to underline how the importance of technology has increased in a couple of years . with the end of the second world war and the beginning of economic prosperity , many goods like tvs , washing machine washing machines , etc . became cheaper and more available . nowadays , the internet and the mobile phone , with the development of satellite communication , seem to take the lead . do they affect my daily life ? 
as far as i am concerned , the first way modern technology influences me is through my work: the internet has become such an incredible tool , i can research into everything i want , find information for lectures , for example , or exercises . the internet is really the widest source of knowledge . 
nevertheless , new technology has made me more lazy . i spend a lot of my free time watching tv , or surfing on the internet or playing on the computer . maybe it will change me into a kind of self-centred person , a loner . 
but the positive way new technology has changed my life is in the way i communicate . it made it possible to discover , to talk with new people on the internet but also to join and to be joined by my friends or parent . i can send e-mails or use the mobile phone . but we should not forget that they are only tools and should emphasise human relationships . 
17 june 2000 . 
dear sir or madam 
i have recently spent a week's holiday in london , and i have just visited your theatre to see a musical show and i would like to complain about a couple of things . 
first , i would like to complain about the main feature , which is an actor . he might be well known in england , but on the night , he performed abysmally . secondly , a lot of people were not very impressed with the delay , because all of us at least had to wait for almost an hour before the show started . 
also , a lot of people were enitieising about the facilities , which were said to be serve in the advertisement . for example , the discount for the tickets was not available , and in particular a lot of people were disappointed that they cannot couldn't visit the theatre restaurant because it was closed , due to the cleaner forgetting to clean up the mess from the previous party . 
lastly , i do not think i would call this my perfect evening , so i would like to ask for a refund , and i hope as the manager of london's newest theatre , you will handle the situation favourably . 
yours faithfully . 
seung phittikhun . 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . although he's one of my best friends , sometimes , he's a real pain in the butt . 
pat and i knew each other very well , because we are neighbours , so since we've met , pat and i have always got on very well . we always go to the same school , and he often makes more friends than i do , and every time he introduces me to them . even though pat has got a great sense of humour and wonderful personality , he'll never be able to keep any secrets from anyone , even himself . 
although , we are great friends , sometimes people can make such stupid mistakes , and so there was one time when pat and i had a fight . it all started when once i accidentally took the wrong bag back to my house , and there were lady's knickers inside . i was so nervous and embarrassing embarrassed , so i told pat and there he went off he went : he tells told every single student in the school that i'd stolen a girl's knickers , and everyone started to call me a pervert . 
so that's when we had a fight . anyway , pat eventually apologized to me and we still are are still best mates as ever . 
dear sir
i am writing to complain about a terrible performance in your theatre . i had expected to see the fantastic musical show . however , everything was not performed as you had advertised . 
firstly , there was a different actor/actress whose name i have never heard before . even though they performed their parts excellently i was very disappointed about your incorrect advertisement . 
secondly , the musical was not started on time . it was going to start at 19 . 30 . however , it was started 45 minutes later . after all , i missed my return train after the show . 
thirdly , there was no discount on my ticket and the theatre restaurant was closed because of being repaired . 
finally , it was a perfectly terrible evening out . so , i want you to give me my money back . if you don't do that , i will tell the public that you are wrong in your advertisement . 
yours sincerely . 
yeung
when i was a young child , i used to be interested in reading science fiction . interestingly , nowadays , i live in the scientific world which i read about in the books . 
probably , i started using a mobile phone 5 years ago . before using a mobile-phone , if someone wanted to talk to me immediately , they couldn't find where i was . however , nowadays , it is easy to find me because of the mobile phone . 
i used to write a letter to my friends . however , after the appearance of the internet , i send e-mail to my friends . it takes just a few minutes to send e-mail to someone . i just check my e-mail before going to bed every day . 
in conclusion , because of modern technology , i'm very comfortable and can do something efficiently with my computer and mobile phone . 
kowloon , hong kong 
july 17 , 2000
dear sir , 
i am writing to complain about a musical show last weekend when i was in london . 
i felt very upset about your advertisement was totally different from the musical show . firstly , i could not buy a discount ticket as you mentioned . secondly , the show started at 20:15 p . m . instead of 19:30 . thirdly , the theatre restaurant was closed . but the worst thing is the actors were not danny brook and tina truelove . it was really a letdown ! ! 
how dare you could could you dare say " your perfect evening out " in your advertisement . it was quite ridiculous ! 
to be honest , i would like you to return the money to me . and explain what had happened . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
thank you for your patience . 
yours faithfully , 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . pat is very smart and intelligent . she likes to talk to other people . she has an open mind . so , she has got many friends . 
lily was one of her best friends for three years . she enjoyed sharing everything with pat , whatever it was . nick was lily's husband . her husband had been fired the previous year . lily felt very nervous about their financial problems and their future as they wanted to get have a baby . she told pat about what had happened in her family and that she was worried . of course , she knew nick didn't like her to tell other people about his private . she told pat that she didn't want any other people to know about it except her . pat also promised not to tell other people . 
but at a party , their friends wanted to show their concern , and they went to ask about nick and give him their sympathy . this made nick very embarrassed and he felt hurt . finally , they got separated . 
today , pat and lily are still friends . but lily never tells her what she really wants and what she really thinks about things . pat felt very sorry about that but it was too late . 
dear sir/madam , 
i am writing to you , because i would like to disagree with your advertisement for the show 'over the rainbow' . 
i would like to tell you that i was really disappointed with my evening at your theatre . at first when i came i hoped to see danny brook on the stage , but there was a totally different actor . as it is said in the advertisement the show starts at 19 . 30 but i had to stay outside for 45 minutes , because according to the programme it started at 20 . 15 , but that is not the end of the story ; in your advertisement it is clearly said that you have discounts available on tickets . that was not true ! i was still not very disappointed , because i hoped that i would have a good meal with a glass of wine in the restaurant , which i could have according to your advertisement , but what i did not realise , it was closed , because the chef was in hospital . 
i did not have a perfect evening at all and i would like to ask you to return my money . 
yours faithfully , 
sasha comatova . 
every day we keep in touch via technology . we have microwaves that help us to make our meals quickly , we have hairdryers to dry our hair in 15 minutes , we have different things that make our lives easier . 
i use different technological things every day . such as a mobile phone that helps me to communicate with anyone in the world , even if i am not at home ; i use a stereo if i want to listen to my favourite music ; i use tapes , cds , hairdryers , etc . i think that all these things have made my life much easier . many years ago people didn't have an opportunity to use all these things and they had to work a lot . i am very happy that with all the technology that we have we don't have to work as much as they did , doing things like washing plates and cups after meals . my dishwasher will do that for me , and i don't have to wash my clothes , my washing machine does it better . of course it is a bit sad that machinery is taking over from humans and of course it makes me lazy . however , now i have more freedom , free time , and privacy . 
dear sir brown , i'm writing this letter to complain about the musical show that i saw . i didn't have a good time ! firstly , danny brook didn't act . there was another actor , james kee , but i didn't like him ! i had gone to the theatre to see danny brook but he wasn't there . in addition to that , the show didn't start at 20 . 15; so it ended at 23 . 45 and i couldn't go to a meeting . i'm very disappointed by all these problems ! your theatre is very disorganized ! the ticket's price was 20 and there weren't any discounts ! after the show , i wanted to eat something , but the theatre restaurant was closed because the chef was in italy for a special course . i didn't have great fun , so i ask for that money back . yours faithfully
in fact , some days before karin , a friend of hers , had told pat that she had fallen in love with john , her science teacher . pat was astonished , and didn't know what ( she ) should tell karla . 
the teacher was 40 years old , and karla was only 16 ( years old ) . this age difference was too big ! 
besides , karla was a shy , polite girl that pat wanted to help . 
so she decided to tell hill the whole story . hill liked pat very much , but only as a friend . he was 19 ( years old ) , so pat thought that he would know what was the best thing to do . 
but the situation wasn't simple , so hill decided to discuss it with mary , the teacher's cousin . they agreed that karla's love was only a dream . so they went to talk with her about the situation , but when she knew that they knew her feelings for mr. beek , she decided not to tell pat anything ever . 
dear sir or madam , 
i am writing to you to complain about the dreadful evening i had when i went to see your show at the circle theatre on the 9th june . 
to start with , the famous actors danny brook and tina truelove didn't perform as advertised . they were replaced by some unknown actors who had certainly never performed in a musical . if i had only one reason to ask you for my money back; it would be this . 
but to add to this i had to join a long queue to get a full-price ticket when i had brought my student card for the purpose of getting the discount which had been advertised but didn't in fact exist . 
the show which was to start at 19 . 30 only began at 20 . 15 and therefore i and my friends weren't able to find a restaurant when we had to because the theatre restaurant was closed for sanitary reasons . 
for this disappointment and your incorrect inaccurate advertisement and for all the given reasons , i ask you for a refund of five pounds per ticket . 
yours faithfully
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . this trait didn't allow you to tell him much about yourself . he wasn't really wicked , he merely didn't understand when to keep his mouth shut , especially at school where every little unimportant thing about your so-called " private life " runs three laps around the schoolyard before you learn it although you are the most concerned about it and didn't even know . 
well , some people just don't care , some are bothered and feel ill at ease . but a small drama can grow out of proportion as children are very sensitive . 
there is one point i want to make clear , i don't begrudge pat anything . i believe this is a rule of society , it's a sort of group behaviour , and belongs to childhood and the teenage years . we all speak or have spoken of our neighbours , family , classmates , workmates , friends in bad terms . that is only human . 
in my opinion what is more regrettable is when we grown-ups continue this bad habit . the critical spirit has to be preserved but we must keep our secrets . what allows us to reveal parts of someone other's else's private life ? nothing . 
london , june 17th , 2000
dear sir , 
last week i bought some tickets to the musical show " over the rainbow " , thinking that i would have a perfect evening , as its advertisement tells promises us . 
unfortunately , i had a terrible evening . at first i became worried because there weren't any discounts available , though your advertisement says there are . and i became even more angry when i had to wait 45 minutes for the show to begin . it's necessary to start on time , and your paper had informed us that it would begin at 19:30 . it didn't happen . 
to complete my sadness , the main actor was replaced by another one who i'd never heard anything about , and did not have the same talent that the one shown on the advertisement does has . 
i'm writing to you to complain about this show , and to ask for my money back . it isn't fair not returning the money to a person who bought tickets to watch a show that was supposed to be great , but actually was a disgrace . 
i'm looking forward to your answer . 
cordially , 
secrets between friends
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . and because of that , everyone at school got to know that ali was dating nick , who was caroline's boyfriend at the time . 
pat was ali's best friend , and because of that , ali told her that she was going out with caroline's boyfriend , but asked her to keep it secret . 
one week later , everyone at school started to laugh at caroline and look down on ali and nick . caroline discovered everything , and argued with the unfaithful couple . it was a big quarrel , people that were many metres away could hear it . pat entered the fight , and it became more loud and aggressive . 
one more week passed , and things became calm: ali decided never to look pat in the eye anymore . they have become big enemies . and nick told her that his real love was his girlfriend caroline , and that they weren't going to break up . poor ali . . 
so , it's very important to be a person who can keep secrets , even your own secrets , or a friend's one . one of the most beautiful things in the world is true and loyal friendship . then , we have to be the best secret keepers possible , or we will end up like ali and pat . 
dear sir/madam , 
i'm writing this letter to complain about a musical show which i saw last saturday . 
i went to london to see this musical but i was absolutely disappointed by the show . i got to the theatre at 18:30 because i wanted to have a drink before i went to the hall so i got there earlier . the show was supposed to start at 19:30 but it started at 20:15 . it was about fourty five minutes later than the original starting time . i was just a bit upset but i wasn't that upset at that time . the thing which made me really upset was the actor . the actor should have been danny brook but it was another man who i haven't seen before . i liked danny brook so much and i was expecting to see him but you didn't even mention that that actor was going to be changed to another man . this thing shouldn't have happened . 
after i finished watching the show i went to the restaurant which you advertised . it was about 21:00 , i thought it was a bit later but it wasn't my fault anyway . the show was finished at 21:00 . when i went there the restaurant was closed . we couldn't even get any sandwiches . 
i'm too upset to say anything anymore and i want to get my money back which i paid for the show . 
i look forward to hearing from you before i do my futher reaction . 
yours faithfully
ann kim . 
fashion of the future . 
nowadays , we have millions of styles of fashion and every single person has their own fashion . fashion has become a part of our life and some people think that what clothes you wear is the most important thing . we spend lots of time choosing clothes or shoes . 
100 years ago , people dressed differently . women wore dresses and men wore suits in england . it was very formal fashion , but now people wear more sexy clothes than 100 years ago . fashion keeps changing . 
therefore , in the future fashion might be changed a lot . i think people will wear metal clothes like in robotcap . the environment will be very polluted and finally we'll get disease diseases . we will need helmets to cover our heads and we will also need air-supplyer . 
maybe , science will be developed and make our environment clean , and we will not wear anything at all ! ! ! ( except underwear ) . 
i hope that the environment will be better than now in the future and our fashion will be changed but nobody knows how it will be . we should try hard to create new fashion and suitable fashion in future times . 
dear sir/madam , 
i am writing with reference to a musical show i saw recently in your theatre . 
the advertisement promised there would be my favourite star , danny brook , but there was another actor who could not play his part as well as danny brook . in addition , the performance started 45 minutes late , so we couldn't visit your theatre restaurant after the show because it was closed already . moreover , when i was buying our tickets , there weren't any discounts in spite of the fact that my wife and i are both on a pension . as a result , our evening was completely spoiled . so i am sure you will understand why i am so annoyed and frustrated with the whole incident . 
i look forward to hearing from you in the very near future to offer me a partial refund . 
yours faithfully
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . two days before , her best friend maria told her that her parents were going to divorce . maria was so upset that she couldn't keep it to herself . her father had met another woman who was not as pretty as maria's mother but worked in a bank and had a good salary . 
one day maria and her mother returned home and found a letter . all her father's things were missing . they could not believe their eyes . they read the letter and slowly went into the kitchen . maria had bought his favourite food and she threw it into the bin . how could he have done it to them ? they had been so happy for 15 years . they had gone everywhere together and laughed a lot . now everything was over . she went to school , but she could not follow the lessons as easily as she used to . so she decided to tell pat , her lovely pat . she was so understanding . 
now everyone knows about her sad story and that makes her feel even worse . 
dear sir or madam , 
i am writing to complain about your music show entitled " over the rainbow " , which i saw during my holiday in london . 
firstly , i expected to see a performance by danny brook , who is my favourite actor . however , without any announcement , a different actor was playing his role . 
secondly , according to the advertisement , the show should have started at 19:30 , but it started at 20:15 . moreover , the theatre restaurant was closed for maintenance . you should have let us have that information in advance . 
finally , although i heard a student discount ticket was available , the ticket salesman said i should have bought one at least one day before the show . 
i was not satisfied with your show at all . therefore , i think you should pay me some money back . 
please let me know what you think of my complaint and request as soon as possible . 
yours faithfully , 
thank you for modern technology . 
i think modern technology has changed my daily life , especially when it comes to communication with my best friend , who is studying in britain . 
we saw each other once a week before she left japan for britain . i used to think i would miss her . but now i can communicate with her every day by e-mail . 
furthermore , we can talk on the phone . i feel no distance as if i was speaking with a friend in japan . without a computer and a telephone , i couldn't contact her easily and i might lose touch with her . 
in addition , i can go to britain by plane to see her . before the plane was invented , i suppose it might have taken several months to visit britain by ship . at present , it takes just 12 hours by plane . 
thanks to such modern technology , i can improve my relationship with my friend , even if she is living far away from me . 
dear manager , 
i am writing this letter to remind you of some faults of your theatre . i think this will help your organization to improve itself . 
from my point of view , your organisation has to be careful to organise an activity . last week i was in london . i attended your activity . i'm sorry but i didn't have a good remark of your activity when i left . i know the quality of your organization . that's why i wanted to write to you . 
the first time , when i saw the advertisement in the newspaper , i really appreciated . i wanted to see the play as quickly as possible . coming an hour earlier is the proof of my feeling . 
finally , time passed and it was supposed to begin . but it didn't . i waited 45 minutes more to see the play . anyway , it wasn't important for me because i believe that if you want to get satisfaction you have to sacrifice a little bit . but that wasn't all . on the other hand , i couldn't see the same actors whose names were written on the advertisement . i was really shocked because from my point of view the buildings of a play are the actors . it was unpleasant for me to see different actors on the stage . in addition , you didn't keep your promise which 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . but beatrice didn't think so . that's why she came across with so many problems . they were best friends . beatrice thought so . when she came to school , at first , we wanted to warn her . on the other hand beatrice and her family were our next-door neighbours . i knew her family better than everyone else . her father never let her have a boyfriend . yes , it was strange behaviour . beatrice was 18 and she could manage . but her father didn't have the same opinion . that's all i knew about her . 
days passed . beatrice and pat were going everywhere together . pat had a boyfriend . that's why beatrice's father never liked pat . one day beatrice came to me with some tears on her face . she was crying . i couldn't believe it because i had got used to seeing her always cheerful and laughing . but this time the situation was inversed . when she came , i was studying for my final exam . she asked if we could speak a little bit . we went out and she told me all her story . i was shocked . she had told pat that her father wouldn't let them be friends anymore . after that , pat had told everyone that beatrice's father 
dear sir/madam , 
i am writing this letter in order to express my disappointment with your theatre . 
in the advertisement that i received , it was written that the show would start at 19:30 but i kept waiting for it to start for half an hour . and there were no discounts available either , unlike what was written in the same advertisement . 
another disappointing point was that i wanted to see danny brook so much and it was written that he was acting in the show , but unfortunately the man on the stage was not him . and the actor's performance was terrible . 
and finally , after the show i went to the theatre restaurant to have something to eat , but it was closed because of restoration . there was no notice about it in your advertisement . 
because of all these reasons , which i have listed above , my evening , which should have been perfect , turned into a disaster . so i would like to have at least some of my money back as soon as possible . 
yours faithfully , 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . and now the situation was becoming harder to put up with . on the one hand it was her best friend who wanted her to keep this secret . but on the other hand it was her best friend's family that she must lie to . 
her best friend was going out with a boy that night , and she had told her parents that she was going to stay at pat's house , in order to get permission . 
so pat could not decide what to do . she did not trust the boy , and it was very hard for her to lie to people that she liked so much . and she realized that if something happened to her best friend , it would be her fault and her best friend's parents would blame her for it . she knew she would be very sorry too . 
so she decided to call the parents of her best friend and tell them what was going on . of course , her best friend would never trust her again and never share any secrets , but she was doing this for her best friend's sake , wasn't she ? 
june 17 2000
dear sir/madam , 
i am writing to you about my complaints about the musical show at your theatre that i watched a week ago , during my stay in london . 
that evening , the problems started with the tickets . . . unlike what was stated in the advertisement that was published in the guardian , there were no discounts available , although i had an international student's identity card . 
secondly , the show started after a delay of 45 minutes , and because of this all my arrangements for that night were delayed . another problem was the male actor who starred : the well-known and talented actor mentioned in the advertisement was replaced by another one , who was really very disappointing and after the performance , i visited the theatre restaurant , which was supposed to be open and available for meals after the show , but it was closed . 
so , i did not have the " perfect evening out " as stated in your advertisement . i think you owe me an apology and a full refund . 
i'm looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours faithfully , 
clothes of the future
do we ever see a naked person in the streets ? except in some very extraordinary cases , no . tell me , why do people care so much about what they wear and what others wear ? because clothes play a crucial part in our everyday lives . 
maybe because of this , just like living things , clothes evolve . this evolution has never stopped and it will continue . what about the clothes of people in a hundred years' time ? 
in my opinion the clothes of the world , in a century's time , will be styled in a japanese way: minimalist and naturalist . throughout history , we have observed that people get rid of everything that is not natural , such as corsets and in the future belts and ties might be " out " . 
of course , technology will change too . maybe new kinds of fabrics that are capable of insulating light or heat will be used . actually , some clothes like that are being developed today , but only as prototypes and it is possible to see that they will be widely used in the future . 
finally , it seems to me that the clothes of tomorrow will be quite naturalistic and minimalist and also , the fabrics that are used will change too . 
in fact , we cannot know what will time time will give and take away , so let's wait and see the clothes of the future . 
dear sir , i am writing to complain about the arrangements for the musical show " over the rainbow " . i was spending some days in london and liked the idea of seeing this show a lot . my disappointment started when we noticed that there were no discounts available for the tickets , but as we wanted to see danny brook's performance , we decided to buy them anyway . we got really upset when we realized he had been substituted . the show was scheduled for 19:30 but it only started at 20:15 . besides the boredom of having to wait for forty-five minutes , we were not allowed to visit the restaurant after the show , since it was already closed by the time the show finished . as it was not our perfect evening out , as you promised in your advertisement , we would like to know if it would be possible for us to get a refund . i look forward to your response . yours faithfully , 
best detective stories of agatha christie
dear ted , 
i'm writing to tell you about a great book i've just finished reading , and which i'm sure you would like to read too . its name is " best detective stories of agatha christie " , and i really was impressed with the coherence of the stories . 
agatha christie presents situations that make us break up our minds . the crimes she describes seem so perfect that we think a lot trying to find out who is the criminal . 
i thought about you while reading the book because i remembered you have booked a place on a detective course . i'm sure you'll find this book an interesting object of study . agatha christie's stories are simple , but very well written , and , as i told you , very coherent . it's stimulating to read them . 
one of the stories will be read on the radio next week . i'm sure that if you listen to it you will start reading the book immediately , and find out there are many challenges in your new career . 
i'm looking forward to hearing from you soon . 
best wishes , 
dear sir/madam , 
i am writing this letter to you to point out the difference between your advertisement for over the rainbow and what happened in real life . 
when i saw your advertisement in yesterday's newspaper , i thought that i would have a perfect evening as you wrote in your advertisement . but now i am thinking that it was a waste of time . 
i am a fan of danny brook and he was one of the reasons why i chose to see over the rainbow , but i didn't even see him on the stage . 
moreover it was written in the advertisement that the musical was between 14 . 30 and 18 . 30 . surprisingly the show started at 20:15 . that destroyed all my plans . then i decided to have dinner at your theatre restaurant after the show , but unfortunately it was closed . 
i think all of these disappointments are too much for one evening . all in all i am sure that you have understood it wasn't my perfect evening out and you will give me my money back . 
i am looking forward to hearing your good news . 
yours faithfully , 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . that was also my fault . i don't know why i told pat this . but i thought pat and i were best friends . 
yesterday larry suggested going to the cinema after school . this was the most wonderful suggestion i have ever had . going to the cinema with the boy i love . it sounded really good . of course i accepted immediately . i was walking in the clouds for the whole day until i saw pat running towards me . i suddenly remembered that i had promised pat that i would help her with her history homework . she came up to me and said " ready for this evening ? don't forget to bring your history books . " she was very nervous because she was about to fail . i told her that i wanted to tell her something . then i explained what had happened that morning . she was going to cry . " i see . you are choosing larry , but i thought that i was your best friend . " after hearing this , i told her that i am deeply in love with larry . i told her not to tell anyone this . she said ok angrily . 
after school larry and i went to the cinema , but at the entrance there was a beautiful girl waiting for us . larry told me that she is his girlfriend and then i told them i had to go home . when they asked me the reason i told them that i promised my mom to stay in with her . they said ok and i went home . when i closed my bedroom door i burst into tears . i don't know how long i cried . . . 
next morning i went to school again . everyone at the school knew about my love for larry including him . pat was the only person who had known about it . 
that showed me not to trust anyone . 
dear sirs , 
two weeks ago , i came to london for a week's holiday . during my stay in your city , i had the opportunity to attend your show named 'over the rainbow' after having read an advertisement in the magazine 'going-out' , the 1st of june issue . 
i'm writing to you in order to complain about this show . the problems started when we arrived at the theatre: my 6-year-old son had to pay the full price . then , even if we could enter the theatre , the show didn't start before 20:15 , which is 45 minutes later than expected . indeed , we are still waiting for danny brook who was not in the play . and last , at the end of the performance , we would have liked to have a drink in the theatre restaurant , but it was already closed due to the poor attendance . 
as this evening was for my family and a wasted one , i permit myself to ask you for a refund . 
i'm looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours faithfully
jann brul
there is no need to be a genius you don't have to be a genius to notice that technology has evolved so considerably during the last few decades that our everyday life has changed . 
from my point of view , modern technology has permitted me to find a job as i work as a computer engineer . in this domain , you have to afford , every day , the development of new technology . and as new discoveries bring new discoveries , progress is going faster and faster . 
the advantage of this is that you need to take an interest in everything if you don't want to be left on the shelf . and so , your life is not boring at all as you learn new things every day . on the other hand , you cannot rest for 2 weeks as some new inventions come out every day . 
finally , new technology has a great influence on my life as it permits me to live on . but , who knows , may be one day i will develop a technology that will send me straight to the unemployment office ! 
dear sir ! 
i am writing to you because of the musical show , " over the rainbow " , i saw in your theatre last week . i looked forward to a perfect evening but it was the most disappointing one i have ever had . 
firstly , you did not tell the truth about the lead . the advertisement for the musical said that it was going to be danny brook . unfortunately there was someone else - an actor who i do not like and if i had known that he was going to be there i would not have gone to see him . 
secondly , it was supposed to start at 19 . 30 but it actually started at 20 . 15 . forty-five minutes later ! you also had mentioned about the discounts and there were not any . 
lastly , the restaurant which was going to be open was in fact closed without a reason being given ! 
keeping in mind all these complaints , i want to ask you for some money back . i think it could be your nice apology for all my problems and disappointments . 
yours faithfully , 
modern technology is a very important aspect of our lives . it is always with us: in our homes , in the places we work and learn . it affects our lives - mine too . 
in fact , modern technology was already very popular and commonly used when i was born , so i cannot say that it changed my life suddenly . but i am also sure that my life would be different without it . all these products of science are with me from the very beginning of my day . for example , i am woken up by my electronic alarm-clock , then i go to the bathroom and there is hot and cold water . next i eat my breakfast and listen to the radio . all these things are the results of technology . 
on the other hand , i am aware of all the disadvantages of modern technology; pollution and the dangerous dangers it brings . but i think it has more advantages than disadvantages and it is o . k . i am really glad that i am a child of my century - the age of modern science . 
finally , i think that we cannot talk only about the changes which modern technology has brought to our lives . that's because i think that we are the ones who change the technology as well . i think that our lives are lives with technology . they sometimes mean the same as science and affects not on at each other but together . so how has modern technology changed my daily life ? i don't know what it would be like without the technology . 
17 june 2000
dear sir/madam , 
i am writing to complain about a musical show on the 10th of june , and i was very disappointed . 
i was promised that the star was danny brock but when i was there i saw another star that was completely different from your brochure . to make the matter worse , i had travelled to london to see this famous star but i didn't see any shows with him . it makes me a bit angry . 
according to your brochure , the show would start at 19 . 30 p . m . but it started at 20 . 15 p . m . i wanted to sleep and it was very annoying . more than that , when i bought the ticket i didn't get any discount . i had to pay full price . 
i was promised that after the show i could go to the theatre restaurant but due to the show starting late it also finished late , therefore , when i went to the restaurant they were definitely closed . i was very hungry and tired . you said that it was a perfect evening out but it wasn't like that . 
i would like you to refund some of my money . i paid  50 . 00 for the show . i also have a receipt to prove it . i would like you to give my money back as soon as possible . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours faithfully , 
phukana najee
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . 
i have a really good friend , pat who i trusted and counted on . i have known her for five years . and we loved each other very much . 
one day , i fell in love with my closest friend . i went out with him sometimes and we were happy . my boy friend boyfriend was very handsome , clever and very polite . we were study studying in the same class at school and he also knew pat as well . personally , i wanted to keep it secret because i was afraid that we might have split split up . and i would like to make sure that he really loved me . my boy friend boyfriend told me that he wanted to surprise his friend in his class when the times come came the time came . 
to be honest , i wanted to share this feeling with someone else but i needed to keep it very secret . i felt unhappy sometimes . 
one day i decided to tell my best friend - pat , who i relied on . i told her everything about my boyfriend and when we met each other and eventually fell in love . after i told her i felt my feeling had been released and i was happy . i also told her to keep it very secret and not tell anyone in the class . 
on monday morning , i walked into the class and all of my friend friends were shouting at me and calling my name and my boyfriend . i was very embarrassed and i wanted to run out of the class . 
i felt very angry with pat and i shouldn't have told her about my boyfriend . i felt regret but it was too late . it wasn't a secret anymore now . 
dear manager , 
my name is marcia fomalar , i am writing to let you know how disappointed i felt when i went to the musical at the london theatre . 
i decided to see the 19:30 show so i arrived on time at 19:00 o'clock . i went to buy a ticket and as i like to enjoy the show near the stage i bought a 20 ticket but when i asked for a discount they told me , " i am sorry but there was an error in the advertisement . it will be impossible to give you a discount " . this was my first problem . 
at 19:15 i was very impatient , waiting for the show to begin , and a man announced that the show would start at 20:15 . i had to wait more that an hour outside the theatre because to make matters worse i couldn't spend the time in the theatre restaurant . the reason they gave me was it was closed because it was being repaired . 
finally the show started and to my surprise my favourite actor danny brooke had been replaced by another actor . now what i hope is you refund me my money . it was a horrible evening out
yours faithfully , 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . it would have been the best party of the year . last month was my grandmother's birthday and i organised a party for her . 
my grandmother loves parties and when she was young she used to organise big parties for all her family and friends . now she is 85 years old so she can't do that but i can . 
i organised everything like: the place , the food , the decoration . i sent letters by post to everybody she knows . it seemed likely to be the biggest party of her life . 
i thought we could put on a show at this special party so i talked to pat , my best friend , to see if she could help me as she works in the production of t . v . programmes . she loved the idea and said she had different various shows so i could decide which would be the most suitable . i told her to call me . 
pat sent a fax to my house with the different alternatives she had thought of but unfortunately my grandmother was there and she saw the paper so the surprise was ruined . but the party was great after all . 
to: manager of the theatre
a few weeks ago , me and my family my family and i had a holiday in london . the holiday wasn't too good , because . . . 
during the week we decide decided where we wanted to go . we all agreed to listen to music so then we decide decided to go to your musical show and listen to " over the rainbow " . 
that evening we didn't want to have our supper before the show . anyway i thought it would be too early to eat and also because the timetable or candidates you give me have say : " visit our theatre restaurant after the show " . so we did , but unfortunately it was closed and i was so disappointed about it , not only because we had expected danny brook and tina truelove to be the actor of starring . also i don't really mind that the show starts started late but the rute of that evening was rucented . and there were no discounts when you said there would be ! why is it everything that on the canidates was wrong and different from what we experienced . we don't expect much bad to happen on our holiday , but this was a perfect show as well , it was the worst show and theatre i have ever been to in my life . 
p . s . please would you explain why this happened ? we would like our money back , please , because everything went wrong . the atmosphere totally chanced ! 
sincerely ki
modern technology has changed our daily life
to help us to live happily , scientist scientists can easily predict the changes on earth , so that we can have time to prepare or defend ourselves from natural disasters . 
weapons are designed to kill and defends defend in a fight . in the second world war so many germans were killed . also many people died in other regions , e . g . the english . 
poison poisonous chemical compounds , e . g . gases and liquids , are created too . they have been used to kill people . most of them produce radiation , which can disable a person , mostly harming their brain and their bodies , and it can also cause death . 
communication technology , e . g . internet ( networks ) and mobile phones . in wars soilors communicate with mobile phones though places to place to get or give information about themselves and the enemys enemies enemy . 
by using the internet we can make new pen friends overseas , and create clubs and societies . now a message can travel quicker and it is also worldwide . sending letters takes about a week to hong kong from from hong kong to the u . k . , but network , e . g . e-mail , is much faster . require the time the time required is only a few minutes . now we can even create a club on yahoo , which is free . modern technology saves us a lot of time and gives brings us many benefits when we use it in the right way , but some bad way to e . g . send virus to break down network . 
dear sir , 
last saturday evening me and my family went to see the musical show " over the rainbow " at your theatre . 
i'm writing this letter to explain the reasons for our disappointment with that evening . 
the advertisement for the show said that there were discounts available for children so we brought them and when we bought the tickets we had to pay the maximum price for everyone . 
then , when we got in , we had to wait because the show started forty-five minutes late . by then our children were very bored . 
my husband was looking forward to seeing his favourite actor , danny brook , and when the show started he found out that brook had been replaced by a different actor . my husband was really unhappy . 
when the show had finished we decided to go for a snack in the theatre restaurant and it was closed without anyone giving any reason . 
as you can see , it wasn't the evening we expected and the result was very different from the promises you made in the advertisement . 
i think it would be reasonable if we could have our money back . 
yours faithfully , 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets and this was the reason why the party wasn't as successful as we thought . 
i and my friends , including pat , were preparing a surprise for sam's birthday . we decided to go to his place ( i've got a copy of the key ) the evening before his birthday while he was at work and decorate the lounge , then turn off the lights and wait for him in silence until he arrived . 
everybody was excited about the idea and we were keeping it a secret in front of sam . 
two days before the event carol , albert , sam and me went to visit pat in her house and she invited us to stay for dinner . we were having a wonderful time chatting and laughing but suddenly the phone rang and pat answered it . it was her aunt , inviting her over for the weekend so pat said very loudly: " i'm sorry but i have to go to sam's flat and decorate it ; it's a surprise , don't tell anybody " 
sam looked at us surprised and said , " what's going on ? " 
everybody had to change their plans and the party became a normal party . we were a bit disappointed but we enjoyed it anyway . 
dear sir/madam , 
i am writing to make some complaints about the musical show " over the rainbow " , of which you are the manager . i would like to say that there were many problems with the show . 
the first problem concerned the main actor in the show . although it was written in the show's advertisement that the main actor was danny brook , it , unfortunately , was not him . 
the show was supposed to have started at 19:30 , but it only started at 20:15 , so the audience , including me , was forced to wait for forty five forty-five minutes . 
it was also written in the show's advertisement that there would be discounts available on the tickets . however , there were not any . 
the fourth problem concerned the theatre restaurant . even though the advertisement said we should visit it after the show , it was closed and no explanations were given . 
in conclusion , the advertisement promised this would be a perfect evening out , but it was not , so i would like to ask for my money back . 
i would like to hear from you in the near future . 
yours faithfully , 
pat wasn't good at keeping secrets
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . it all happened a year ago , when pat and i were still best friends and used to tell each other everything . 
one day , i innocently told pat that i was dating philip smythe , the school's hunk and most popular boy . i asked pat not to tell anyone , and she promised me she wouldn't . i believed in her and trusted her blindly . 
i went home that day after having told pat my deepest secret with a weird feeling in my heart . something was telling me that i was going to lose a friend and a lover . 
the next day , i went to school and found out that pat had told everybody that i was dating philip . suddenly , an enormous sadness caught me , because philip had begged me not to tell anyone , so he would definitely break up with me , and i knew i was going to stop talking to pat , because she had just ruined my happiness and i couldn't trust her anymore . 
now , unfortunately , i don't have a boyfriend or a best friend , all because pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . 
dear sir/madam , 
i am writing to you about an incident that occurred at the musical which was put on at your theatre during my week's holiday in london . 
first of all , i would like to tell you that it was very disappointing for me that the star was not danny brook as your company had advertised . 
moreover , the show was said to start at 19:30 but it really started at 20:15 . 
as the show finished late , we decided to eat something at your theatre restaurant but , to our surprise , it was closed . 
as a result , we came back home in order to eat some fast food . 
another thing is that there was not any discount available so we spent a lot of money on a bad show . 
before this week ends , i want your company to give me the money back . 
otherwise , i will sue your company . 
i hope this kind of thing does not happen again . 
yours faithfully , 
manuela t . miracola
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . 
one day , while i was studying maths , one of my friends , called pat , asked me to have a coffee with her . 
we went to a place called 'deli' where we talked a lot about our school , the exams and , as we usually did , about our friends and boyfriends . 
we asked each other a lot of questions but then we started talking about things that had never been talked about with anybody , such as the most important thing that had happened to us in our lives and those kinds of secrets . . . 
the problem started when i confessed to her that i had fallen in love with larry , who was my cousin's boyfriend . in spite of the fact that i told her to keep it a secret , she went to my cousin's house and retold exactly what i had told her . as a result , my cousin went to my house in order to get herself a detailed account . 
as i resolved the problem with my cousin , i understood why my mother had told me that 'friends' sometimes weren't what you expected them to be . 
dear sir/madam the circle theatre manager
i am writing to complain about your show . i would like you to return my money because that was not same as your advertisement . 
i was planning to spend my holiday in london when i found your advertisement . in the advertisement , you mentioned actors , time , discount and facilities . 
danny brook is one of my favourite actors so i decided to buy a ticket even though i had to cancel my appointment on that day at 18 . 30 and also notice of price discount impressed me . however , when i got to the theatre , you not only didn't have any discounts but also apologize had to apologize to us for the delay in starting the musical . in addition a different actor appeared on the stage and i couldn't have dinner after the musical because the restaurant was closed . it made me so disappoint disappointed and angry . 
you should return my money immediately because that night was far from perfect . 
i look forward to hearing from you soon . 
faithfully , 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . 
he always tried to say nothing and did . but everyone always saw he had a secret from his face from his face he had a secret . whenever he has a secret , his nose moves quickly . he did not like this habit and had thought it was worst bad of him until he solved a big crime . 
when all the money had gone from a bank , nobody was there except pat . the bank robbers told him if pat told the fact somebody they would kill him . so , pat didn't say anything . but his nose moved quickly when the police showed him a picture of the bank robbers . 
then the police realized who the bank robbers were and arrested them . although the bank robbers complained to pat , he had said nothing to anybody hadn't said anything to anybody . he just moved his nose ! ! 
thanks to his habit , he is still alive and all the money was returned to the bank . the town became peaceful again . 
to the manager of the circle theatre
dear sir/madam
last weekend i was in london on holiday . i had looked forward to going and seeing " london's newest and best musical show " -over the rainbow . i must say i was rather disappointed by the experience . 
i am a great admirer of the actor danny brook , who was supposed to be starring in the musical . surprisingly there was a completely different actor starring . very disappointing ! 
according to your advertisement the musical was supposed to start at 19:30 . for some unknown reason it did not start until 20:15 . 
i was looking forward to taking advantage of the discounts available , but when i came to buy my ticket i was told there were no discounts available . 
after the show i had planned to have dinner at the theatre restaurant . unfortunately the restaurant was closed . 
i bought a ticket to have a " perfect evening out " during my holiday . indeed it was not a perfect evening out . therefore i think the least i can ask from you is to give me the money back for the ticket . 
sven reitgard
the old man and the sea - ernest hemingway
dear sara
i have heard that they are going to read " the old man and the sea " on the radio , p1 , on wednesday next week . it is a book written by ernest hemingway . i would really recommend you to listen to it . 
the basic story of the book is in fact quite simple . it is about a tough old fisherman from cuba who sails out alone in a small boat to fish . he is only looking for the biggest fishes and he has been unsuccessful for 86 days . this day he is lucky . he gets a big swordfish hooked and after a long fight the fish is finally caught . 
on his way back home to port he is attacked by sharks who eat his caught fish the fish he caught piece by piece . the fisherman kills many sharks with various weapons , but when he reaches port there is only the head , tail and bones left of the huge swordfish . mr. hemingway makes this simple story a real adventure . he makes you experience in detail all the struggles the fisherman has when he fights with the swordfish and the sharks . the fisherman is a typical old , strong and lonely hero of mr. hemingway . this tale is very amazing and it is no surprise mr. hemingway was awarded the nobel prize for it . 
i really think you should take time to listen to it on the radio on wednesday next week . 
best regards
sven reitgard
dear sir , 
i am writing to complain about the musical show 'over the rainbow' i attended three days ago . 
i was very disappointed with the performance and apart from that there were many other problems . 
firstly , the time of the performance was 19 . 30 p . m , but the play started at 20 . 15 p . m . people were fed up with waiting so long and most of them , apart from me , were rather irritable . 
secondly , the well-known star danny brook wasn't there , but a different actor and i had never heard of him . from my point of view i think he was such a very bad actor that it would be impossible to find another with the same characteristics . 
as far as the tickets are were concerned no discounts were available , so , moreover i found it expensive . 
after the show i went to visit the restaurant as it is supposed to be very famous and apart from that i wanted to have a drink . in the end i had to go home as it was closed because the coffee pot did not work . what nonsense ! 
the evening was a disaster and i wonder if i have not the right to ask you to return my money , as i think that would be fair . 
i look forward to hearing from you , 
yours faithfully , 
maria gardent
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . 
but this time things had gone too far . 
i've known pat since we were kids . little by little we were growing up and becoming close friends . i relied on her and our relationship was excellent . i considered her my best friend and i thought we would never drift apart but now i have changed my mind , because she has done something i can't accept . she has given it away to my mother that i told her a lie as far as the weekend was concerned . 
pat told her i hadn't spent those days with her , but with my boyfriend in the mountains . my mother was so angry and she told me off so harshly that i will remember it for the rest of my life . 
moreover i was punished harshly by my father and now we don't talk to each other . 
since then i haven't seen pat anymore and she doesn't seem to regret what happened , so i'll try to forget her and carry on with my life , that's all . 
17th june 2000
the manager of the circle theatre
dear sir , 
i'm in london for the first time and i wondered what is interesting on your stage: i read in the newspaper the advertisement about the best musical show . in the advertisement the cast was very interesting - danny brook and tina truelove . 
i decided to go to your theatre but at the beginning it was the tranbles . in the advertisement it said - " discounts available " . i'm a teacher and in poland i have discounts but in england i don't . i know this is another country . i was disappointed because you wrote about it ! 
otherwise , the musical show started too late - at 20 15 instead of 17 30 ! this was a waste of time . i was very suprised when i saw a different actor . it wasn't danny brook . this musical show wasn't " the best " . i went out early but the theatre restaurant was closed . i had a very disappointing evening . i must ask you for my money back . 
yours sincerely faithfully 
" fashion of the future " 
what will clothes be like 100 years from now ? this is a very interesting question for us and maybe very important too . we think and talk about it in our families . 
i saw one week ago on tv ( the 23rd annual ) the fashion show in paris and i was very suprised because of the style . all the models had very strange long shoes made from black leather , the trousers were quite short and the jackets were elegant with emblazoned material . 
i think the fashion of the future will be very different but suitable for all people . people will wear clothes made from natural materials like silk , which will be comfortable and elegant . the colours will be of a very good quality and the fashions will change very quickly like now . 
because the world is now a global village people will wear at least one item of traditional or national clothing ( for example a peasant jacket or hat ) , like they do now in rural areas from time to time . 
to manager . 
my name is sam . i would like to inform you that your advertisement mentions so many different things , so it spoilt a part of my journey . then i want to receive my money for the ticket . 
after reading your advertisement . i went to your theatre to see 'over the rainbow' last night . i was excited to see it . but everything was terrible and different to your advertisement . first of all the actor was different . so i was disappointed . i had wanted to see danny brook in the show . the movie started 20 . 15 not 19 . 30 . you wrote ' discounts available' but they didn't offer any discount . after the show , i couldn't have my dinner in your theatre restaurant . the restaurant was closed because of being repaired . 
you advertised my perfect evening out . but it was unpleasant because of these things . so i ask you to return some money back . 
if you have something to ask , please call me . i will stay until the end of this month . the number is 577-6277 . ( hotel number ) . 
i wait to hear from you soon . 
i think there is nothing not to be influenced by science and technology affects in our daily life nowadays . i would like to describe how modern technology has changed my daily life as a housewife . 
i have a lot of housework to do from early morning until late evening . i always use many electric appliances ; washing machine , dish-washer , vacuum cleaner , blender , juicer , fridge . i think i can have my spare time thanks to these things . for example if i don't have a washing machine , i would have to wash all the clothes myself . then it takes about 1 hour or one and a half to wash . while the washing machine is whirring , i can have my time . so i can read my book or do another thing . also i can't imagine my life without a car . it would be terrible . now i can't live without them . 
owing to all of them , i can live very comfortably . these things provide me with every convenience . 
mr. manager , 
i went to the circle theatre to see a musical show called " over the rainbow " , and i was very disappointed by it . 
first of all i would like to say that it started later than it should have . i had to wait for about forty-five minutes . 
then i realized that danny brook did not appear in the show , which was very diappointing for me because i like this actor very much , and i think that i was not the only one who was upset . 
another disappointing thing was that the discounts were not available , which made me a bit angry . why did you write that they were available ? 
i think that the most disappointing thing was that the theatre's restaurant was closed . i would add that i was hungry after the show . 
it was not such a perfect evening out . i would instead say that it was a very disappointing evening , and i would like to have my money back as soon as possible or we will meet in court ! 
yours sincerely , 
first of all i would like to say that modern technology has changed my daily life very much . 
every day when i get up i check if there are any messages left for me like e-mail or sms on my mobile phone . they are very useful things which sometimes are necessary to survive . 
modern technology has a big influence on our life . it is easier . we can communicate with people by using mobile phones or telephones , which are the best things ever made . i use them very often in my daily life . 
i think that television has the biggest influence on our daily life . i watch about four hours of tv a day . i even eat my meals in front of the tv . we can see people's life in other countries , which is very interesting for me and my friends . 
also the internet has an influence on my daily life , because i can find there many interesting things , or i can meet with people from all over the world , which is exciting for me . 
i think that life without modern technology would be simple and boring . that's why i am using it in my daily life . i am happy that there is such a thing as modern technology . 
dear sir or madam , 
i am writing to complain about a musical show called 'over the rainbow ' that took place in the circle theatre . there were some problems that were not displayed in the advertisement . 
the first problem was about the actors . in the advertisement it was clearly written that danny brook and tina truelove would play the main roles . but i was very disappointed when i didn't see them on the stage . the second problem was the time of the play . the advertisement said that the show would start at 19:30 but it started at 20:15 . i was waiting for the show for half an hour ! the third problem was the discounts . the advertisement said that they would be available but they were not . the last problem was the theatre restaurant . it was written in the advertisement that i could visit your theatre restaurant after the show , but unfortunately it was closed . 
to conclude , i was not satisfied with the show i watched in your theatre and i would like a full refund . 
yours faithfully , 
there are many different creatures on earth: animals , insects , plants . but the most developed creature is the human . he has lived for nearly 10 000 years . during this time men have developed and now are the leading creatures . they built huge cities , destroyed forests , went into space . now , modern technology has changed our life . and , naturally , it has both advantages and disadvantages . 
the modern technology , on the one hand , has made our life easier . we use different electric kettle . we build big cities , there is hot and cold water , electricity , gas in particularly practically every home . we use different transport that makes our travel faster , it speeds up our life . we communicate with other people by telephone and mail , we read newspapers , we watch television , and get different information from the internet . 
but , on the other hand modern technology is destroying our life . factories have polluted the air we breath , shops have polluted the water we drink . many different incurable diseases have appeared . for example , cancer occurred in africa after american nuclear tests . 
all in all , technology has made our life better by destroying the environment . in future , possibly , the technology won't destroy the environment , but we have to do something now , because tomorrow could be too late . 
dear sir or madam , 
i am writing to express my disappointment with the play " over the rainbow " , which is showing at the circle theatre . 
first of all , the advertisement for the show announced mr. danny brook as the principal actor . surprisingly , he never appeared on the stage during the play . therefore , the theatre or the company is lying . secondly , the show started one hour and fifteen minutes late . we arrived at the theatre on time and we had to wait all that time until the show began . finally , when i asked about the discounts , an aggressive employee refused to answer me . he stayed looking at me and laughing . it was incredible . the evening was a horrible surprise , completely different from what was promised in the advertisement . 
definitely , i want my money back as soon as possible . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you
yours faithfully
" unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . " i knew that but i would prefer to trust her so i told her everything about lynne harter , our new colleague classmate at school . however , i have to admit that i told her my own opinion . well , that was the beginning of my tragedy . so , i told pat that lynne was ugly , fat like a cow , and extremely aggressive . but i couldn't shut my mouth . i continued: " you can't believe it , pat , she wears trousers like a man and green flowery blouses . " of course , my friend and i were laughing for half an hour . two days later , when pat came back to my school , she met mr harter , our head teacher , she told him everything about ann1 . at precisely that moment i realized that i had forgotten to tell her that ann was mr harter's niece . i know it's my fault . but , well , the unhappiness started with pat and my revealed secrets . 
dear sir:
i'm writing to you to complain about last evening's musical show . i was very happy to see your musical show but i have to say that it has been a very disappointing evening . at first my favourite actor danny brook didn't perform , without any explanations being given , and the show should have started at 19:30 instead of 20:15 ! ! i was sure that discounts were available because i had read that they were , but at the ticket office they didn't offer them . what a terrible evening ! so i paid for the ticket . after the show i was hungry so i went to the restaurant but it was closed ! 
it wasn't my perfect evening out so i'd like to have my money back ! 
yours faithfully
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets so he told his mother how his brother jim lost her suit suitcase on the train . jim's mum didn't want him to take her suitcase , but he did . so one morning he reached victoria station with the suitcase and took the train for the countryside where he had to work . but when he walked out of the station he realised that he had left the suitcase on the train . then he waited for the next train to london and he caught it . he was worried about his mother's reaction , but when he arrived he went to the station manager's office and he found it on the table . he was so happy ! all this story was a secret but pat revealed it to his mother . she was so angry and confused because jim hadn't told her the truth . 
dear sir/madam , 
i am writing to you because i am really disappointed about " over the rainbow " which i saw the other day during my stay in london which your company organized . i put off everything to watch this performance but everything that was written in your advertisement wasn't true at all . in your advertisement it said the show would start at 19:30 but it began at 20:15 . i can understand that a musical show has to be prepared and it takes time . even so , i can't understand why the actors of this play danny brook and tina truelove didn't appear in the play and there was another actor instead of danny brook . after all this , i wanted to make my evening pleasant but to my surprise the theatre restaurant was closed because of some sanitary problems . i explained to you every detail about what happened at the musical show and i want you to refund my money and send me an apology for what happened there . 
i hope to hear from you as soon as possible and thanks for understanding my situation . 
yours faithfully 
phat cheung
how has modern technology changed your daily life ? 
many years ago human beings or whatever we were called were another animal species but when we tried to use rocks to make a fire we changed everything . 
modern technology changed our lives in many ways : when i have to wake up earlier i use my alarm clock , if i have to wash my teeth i use my toothbrush with a little toothpaste . i use my desk to study which was made with trees cut down and emsamblish by machines more powerful than handwork . even so , this is not enough and technology created a better ways means of communication , first there were letters , then telephones and now we can write letters and receive them through the internet . it is not necessary to imagine things , you can travel all around by just making a click with your mouse and you are there . if i am hungry i open the refrigerator and take food and cook it with a microwave . 
when i have a headache i eat swallow pills , made by technology . i think everything around us is thanks to technology but we can't forget that these things were made by us . the human being . 
everything has advantages and disadvantages but the most important thing is how we use it . if we create guns to protect our homes , others will use them to burgle our homes , and take advantage of the defenceless people . however , the technology never stops , we always search for new things because we are made to compete , discover , think of things which we don't know . 
dear sir or madam . 
i went to the circle theatre , three weeks ago , to see " over the rainbow " , the musical show that was playing at the time . 
first of all , the actors mentioned in the advertisement were not those who performed in the show . not that i was very disappointed not to see the good actors ! 
then , if the show had started on time , it could have been much better , but it started forty-five minutes late , which is too much for me ! 
plus , it is mentioned in your advertisement that discounts are available . in fact , no discount was given to me , though i am a student and as a student i was entitled to get a discount but i paid 20 because the cashier had never heard about any discounts for this show . 
finally , i think that this evening was very far from being perfect , and i ask you for my money , which i spent on this horrible evening in your theatre , back . 
i hope you will understand my disappointment and the reasons why i ask for my money back . 
yours faithfully
modern technologies are part of our daily life , everything we do is simplified by these new technologies . 
we can faster with new technologies go from one place to another go faster with new technologies , from one place to another , for example , we can use a car or public transport such as the trains or buses instead of walking or riding as we did in the past . 
our everyday activities or family activities are simplified too . washing the dishes or clothes by hand is rarely done , some special machines are made to do this stuff , it helps us to spend much more time in extra activities like sport , relaxing . . . 
new technologies allow us to work more efficiently ; with computers complex operations can be achieved in a short time and with the assurance that the result is correct . 
the internet is a good way of meeting people that are far from us , we can also inform ourselves about what is happening in life the world , or search for a special hobby to get a quick result . 
finally , new technologies help us to save our free time and to work more quickly and more efficiently . 
dear sir , 
i'd like to explain to you the problems i had when i went to the theatre . the main problem i had was with the actor , because he wasn't danny brook . although tina truelove was there , i went to the theatre to see danny brook . 
another problem i had was with the time of the performance . it was going to begin at 19 . 30 but it began at 20 . 15 and the problem was that it was raining . i'd like to explain too that i didn't see you give any discounts to anyone . i was queuing for a long time and i didn't see it happen . and i went with a lot of friends and we didn't get any discount . 
another problem is that in the advertisement you said we could visit your restaurant but as it was closed we couldn't . and we were very hungry after being three hours in the theatre . 
and those are all the problems i had . and , because of these problems , i'd like to have my money back . if you don't mind , of course . 
yours , 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . 
i met pat when we were children . we went to the same school and were in the same class . i liked a boy who was in the same class . i told her that and she assured me that she wouldn't say anything to him . when we finished at our primary school we went to the same secondary school too , but we were in different classes . we went out every weekend . and when we finished at the secondary school , i decided go to a foreign university . i spent five years there , although i came back every summer and we continued going out as we had done before . when i finished i returned to my city to find a job . 
one day , pat told me that she was talking with this boy and that he told her that he liked me and immediately she told him that i liked him too . 
a week after that i found him in a cafe and he asked me if i would like to be his girlfriend and i accepted . now , five years later we are going to get married . 
dear sir/madam , 
i am writing to complain about the musical show " over the rainbow " . 
firstly , the actors were supposed to be danny brook and tina truelove . however , danny brook did not appear in the show , it was another actor . this was really disappointing . 
secondly , the show was really late starting . it started at 20 . 15 , not at 19 . 30 as it was supposed to . and , although you had promised them in your advertisement , there were no discounts available . 
to make things worse , the restaurant was closed . the manager said it was closed because they had not been informed that there would be a show on that date . 
to sum up , it was not a perfect evening out . and , i would appreciate it if you gave me a refund . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours faithfully , 
what will clothes be like 100 years from now ? 
in my opinion , the clothes will be more colourful , fun and comfortable . i think that we will not wear formal clothes anymore . people will prefer to wear comfortable clothes , even to go to the office . 
the clothes will be more colourful and consequently more fun . we will not wear black clothes as we used to . people will wear yellow , pink and green clothes . this way , people tend to be happier . 
however , the clothes will not be like those teenagers wear nowadays to go to " raves " . they will be more beautiful and clean . 
mainly , people will not be so fashionable as they are nowadays . they will wear an item of clothing only if they feel good wearing it . actually , i think that the clothes will be really simple in 100 years and i hope to be alive until then . 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . now all the town knows my secret . this is a very embarrassing situation . i have to leave this town . my god , i never should have told my sister this secret . 
this story started when i arrived in this town with my family . we came here to build our own house because my father had been fired and we had to sell our house in buenos aires . my mother suggested coming here because one of her brothers was established here and he could help us . 
i hadn't met all of the family ( my uncle , my aunt and my beautiful cousin ) before that day . my uncle , called paul , invited us to stay with his family until we had built our house . 
casually coincidentally my cousin was the same age as me , sixteen , that's the reason we started our friendly relationship . we spent all our time together . this " friendly " relationship was starting to get hot . i had never had a boyfriend and i fell in love with him . one day in the , he kissed me . it was wonderful . i felt that i had discovered other ways . in fact , i had . we made love . . . but one month later , something surprised me , i was pregnant . 
dear sir , 
my name is yakimo nashoto . i study in france and i went to london just to see " over the rainbow " because all my friends told me that it was " great " . however , when i saw it , i was really disappointed and i must ask you for some money back . the reasons why i was disappointed are as follows :
first of all , danny brook was not there . i was very upset because he is my favourite singer and that was one of the reasons why i wanted to see this show . 
then , the show started at 20 . 15 instead of 19 . 30 . my euro star was at 22 . 00 . as you can see , i missed my train to go back to paris . 
on the development , they also said that there would be a discount for students who are between eighteen and twenty-five years old but that was totally wrong because i paid the full price , which was 20 . 
finally , i wanted to buy something to drink , but the restaurant was closed because it was a bank holiday ! 
in conclusion , it was the worst evening i have ever had in my life so i must ask you for my money back . 
yours faithfully , 
modern technology has changed my daily life a lot . 
first of all , the internet makes my life easier . some of my friends live overseas . we keep in touch with e-mails . it is a very good way to communicate because it is much cheaper than a phone call and we can re-read mail e-mails and keep them forever . 
also , nine people out of ten have a mobile phone in our society . i have one too ! it is very useful for several reasons:
when i want to call someone , i don't need to look for a phone box ; 
people can phone me at any time they want from anywhere ; 
when i go out , sometimes my parents are worried so they phone me to see if everything is alright . 
finally , there is a tv in my parents' car . we can watch tv . there is also a map so when we get lost , it is very easy to find out the place . 
in conclusion , i agree that modern technology has changed my daily life but i am sure that , in the future , my life will not be the same as now because more modern technology will appear . 
dear mr. smith:
i am writing in order to complain about the musical show " over the rainbow " . 
first , the advertisement said that the show was starring tina truelove and danny brook . that was not true . danny brook did not act in the show , there was a different actor and i was disappointed with him . 
regarding the times of the performance , the show was supposed to start at 19 . 30 and it started at 20 . 15 . nobody likes to wait 45 minutes just watching empty scenery . 
another thing , the tickets . the advertisement said that there were discounts available . that was false , there was not any kind of discount . 
after all that i just wanted to go to the theatre restaurant and have something to eat , but it was closed because the police had closed it . they had closed it because they had found the food in a bad condition . 
just to finish , the advertisement said that the show would be a perfect evening out , let me tell you that it was not . i paid for a full-price ticket without discount to wait 45 minutes , to see a musical show with a bad actor and after all that could not have a sandwich because the restaurant was closed . i think the theatre should give me my money back and i hope you do . 
yours faithfully . 
technology . 
technology has changed , is changing and it will change our daily lives . technology is improving every day , soon everything will be done by a machine . now we can cook in an easier way than ten years ago , we can talk with somebody who is 10000 kilometres from us and we can know what's happening in another part of the world . 
another thing that is changing our lives is the computer , especially the internet . more and more people are connecting to the net . soon we won't need to leave our homes . now we can buy everything via the internet , we can see what's happening on wall street , we can send mail in an easier way , by e-mail , and many people have started to work at home with their computers . 
technology has changed so much our daily lives our daily lives so much that we won't be able to live without it . nobody can imagine living without a tv , a computer , a microwave , a telephone . 
there are machines for everything , writing , cooking , going from one place to another , talking with somebody who is not with you . 
our lives are very different from our grandparents' lives and that's because of technology . 
dear manager , 
i am writing to complain about a musical show which is called " over the rainbow " and ask for my money back . this show was presented by the circle theatre . 
first of all , the poster told me that this show was starred starred danny brook and tina truelove but there were different actors . i am so disappointed . 
secondly , the show was meant to start at 19:30 but it started at 20:15 . i was waiting for 45 minutes . the poster also told me that i could visit the theatre restaurant after the show . as you know the show started late , so , i was not able to go to the theatre restaurant because it closed before the show finished . 
thirdly , there were no discounts available but it was printed on the poster . if there were are no discounts , don't write it on the poster . i got confused and was disappointed again . 
finally , i would like to have my money back . i am looking forward to your prompt reply and improvement . 
yours faithfully , 
how has modern technology changed your daily life ? 
the world is changing every day . so , modern technology is needed to meet the requirement . every single day , a lot of modern technology is produced and it really affects our daily life . 
the most important development is the internet , which is connected to the whole world's computers by telephone lines . you can send a letter to your friend by e-mail instead of writing it on a piece of paper and sending it by post . it just takes you a few minutes . how convenient it is ! there are also many more advantages . you can buy something in a supermarket by only a mail order . you don't need to leave your home . 
other than the internet , there is also a lot of modern technology which is changing our daily life . for example , we can go to mars and do some investigation research . so , we know much more about our universe . some modern technology is also put into the transport system . for example , trains can go faster and aeroplanes can travel faster . 
modern technology has changed our daily life . it aims to improve our standard of life and allows us to live more comfortably . so i think the changes are good . 
dear sir , i'm writing this letter to you because i'm very disappointed and i believe you have to give me some money back . last week i was in london to see your new musical show . before i bought my ticket and made train and hotel reservations i'd read a lot of good reviews of that show and i thought it would be a great event to share with friends . but that evening became a real nightmare ! firstly , your advertisement is a real lie . discounts available ? ? false and not true ! then the show was late starting , we had been waiting for a long long time before it started . but finally it started . . and what ! ! danny brook wasn't on the stage ! i saw a young actor who i've never seen before and who did not seem to know his role by heart ! shame on you ! after that " show " we were starving and we had planned to eat in your theatre restaurant but what a surprise ! it was closed ( of course ) and why ? a general strike . . . it wasn't at all a perfect evening . i'm not pleased . i would weep if i wasn't so angry . to summarize , i want you give to give me my money back and very quickly . yours faithfully . . 
how has modern technology changed your daily life ? 
modern technology had changed the human being's daily lives daily lives of human beings long before i was born . 
nowadays , in my opinion , the most important revolution is connected with new technologies . 
let's take the mobile phone . our parents used the phone to make important appointments . nowadays everybody has got a phone which is " mobile " . and i'm no different , i've got one and it has changed my everyday life . i can always be reached , i can phone friends when i know i will be late and thanks to that device i feel less nervous and now i'm sure i couldn't live without it . 
it's the same with the internet and that's a very new thing . i send and receive more e-mails than letters ! i can chat with my sister or friends without speaking when i'm working because it takes just a few minutes . with the internet and , in my opinion , the world is becoming smaller and bigger at the same time . smaller because i can visit an american library without leaving my desk and bigger because it seems to be endless . 
yes my daily life has changed and it's a good thing . 
dear sir , 
i'm writing this letter to complain about your fake advertisement . 
you are the theatre's manager so i suppose you are the right person to complain to . 
first of all , in your show advertisement it says that danny brooks stars in the play . but a different actor has starred was starring and that was very disappointing , not only for me but for all the people there . 
the show began late , much later than your advertisement says , at about 20:15 . the show started 45 minutes late . this made me feel bored . 
you also say in your advertisement that there are some discounts available but there weren't any . 
at the end you have said said that the theatre restaurant after the show but it wasn't . it was closed because of the late start of the show . 
finally , because i didn't have a perfect evening but a very disappointing one , i have the right to ask for my money back . 
modern technology has changed not only my daily life but also the lives of many people . 
now let's talk about me . first of all , i don't have to worry in the morning about missing the bus because i have my alarm clock to wake me in time . usually , when i return from school the food is a little bit cold so i put it in the microwave to make it hotter . 
when i go to sleep after i eat my lunch ( in my country , especially in summer , it is too hot ) i turn on the air conditioning with a timer so when i go to sleep it turns off by itself . 
when i wake up , if i don't have homework i sit at my computer and play different games to occupy my time . 
in the evenings before i get go to bed i sit in the living room and watch tv via satellite . when i go to bed , because there are many mosquitoes , i turn on a special machine with a battery like battery-like thing in it which kills them . 
i believe that modern technology has affected positive positively positively affected our lives . 
dear sir/madam
i want to complain about your advertisement for the production 'over the rainbow' ; i had a very disappointing evening . 
first of all , i wanted so much to see my favourite actor danny brook as he was supposed to be in the show , but he wasn't . 
secondly the show didn't start until 20:15 but it should have started at 19:30 so we had to sit and wait , which was very boring . there were no discounts on the tickets available either . 
after the show we wanted to have something to eat in the theatre restaurant but it was closed for refurbishment . 
in the advertisement it says " your perfect evening out " but it was a real disappointment . i would like to have the money back that i spent on the tickets i bought . 
i look forward to hearing from you as soon as possible . 
yours faithfully
svetlana
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . she had always been like that , my best friend ann said to me when i told her that i had told pat a secret the day before . 
the secret was that i was in love with peter from my course . i shouldn't have told her , but i was so sure she wouldn't tell anyone . 
yesterday when i arrived at college , i saw pat standing with peter and a lot of other boys and they were looking strangely at me and laughing . i felt how i started to blush . in the classroom it became even worse . people started to write things on the board and to point at me . 
in the lunch break i went to pat and asked her why she had told him the secret , but she just ignored me like she didn't know me . after that i never went back to the course again . 
dear sir , 
i'm writing to complain about the musical show " over the rainbow " . i recently saw this in your theatre during my week's holiday in london and i must say i had a very disappointing evening ! i was sure this was london's newest and best musical show , the best i would ever see , because of the good publicity you gave yourself in your advertisement , but i thought completely wrong ! 
firstly , the play started nearly an hour later than i expected ! if the show had been beautiful , i would have been quite happy to wait . then , i had read that there would be discounts available , but that wasn't true ! it's better not to write anything if it isn't true . 
finally , i hoped that , after these incidents , i would enjoy myself , but there was another change to the programme: the star ! the main actor , danny brook , was changed and the one who played his part wasn't as good as i expected . after the show , i went to your theatre restaurant , but it was closed and this hadn't been said before . moreover , i was shocked by the reason for which it had been closed: the chef left after he received a phone call ! 
for all these reasons , i want to ask for my money back and i hope to hear from you soon ! 
a suggestion ? organise your shows better and do not exaggerate with publicity ! 
yours sincerely , 
there could be many things to say about this . technology is a wide field which expands very quickly . it's creating an artificial world , where everything is electronic and fast . i'm not sure if i can say whether technology has changed our life in a positive way or not . certainly , thanks to it , we can do things today that were impossible a few centuries ago . nowadays , we can make a phone call with an astonishing rapidity , whereas in my grandparents' time it took one month or more to get in contact with people abroad , because the only means of communication was the post and its service was very slow ! when the first car appeared , it was already a great success . before that , people travelled by horse or worse . fortunately today everyone can take an aeroplane and go to america , australia or wherever else they want ! what can i say about television ? it allows us to maintain connections with the other states of the world , improves our knowledge , offers us news , advises us about events which have happened or will happen . in , the not very distant , 1914 , parents sent their sons to war and it was very difficult to know if they were still alive or dead ! it's terrible ! 
despite this , i'm convinced all this progress has caused some damage to the community , not only physically . we pay less attention to our life , to those things which give us happiness , that aren't money , success , power . 
we have become passive people , we follow the same routine every day and we live in a society where rules are strongly fixed . i think everyone should live his own life how he wants to live it and make himself known for who he is , not for his money , but for his abilities , his good habits , his personality . 
finally , everyone should slow down his own life's rhythm . 
dear sir or madam , 
i am writing this letter to complain about the musical show that the circle theatre company put on a few days ago . nothing the advertisement said was properly done done properly . 
the first thing that annoyed me were the forty-five minutes we were waiting for the show to begin . it is a great failing of responsibility for a theatre like yours to have a delay like this one . 
secondly , another thing that disappointed me was the actor that played the main role . he was not danny brook , and the main reason that i went to see this show was the opportunity to see him acting . i am a fan of his . 
when i went to get the ticket , and the woman told me that the discounts were not available i knew that it wouldn't be a good night . 
finally , the restaurant where i would have liked to have dinner with friends after the show was closed , contrary to what was announced in the advertisement . nobody told us the reason for these problems . 
these are the reasons why i am complaining , and i would like to know if there will be any refunds . 
i will be waiting for news from you . 
yours faithfully
perhaps , modern technology has changed my lifestyle but i don't think so because i was born in the period of modern developments . 
since i was born i have lived with technological instruments like personal computers , mobile phones , television , etc . and the development of them doesn't worry me , as it does people who are against technology . 
the only thing i can say about technology is that it has driven my life . modern technology attracts my attention captures my imagination , and this is the reason why i have chosen an electronic career a career in electronics . i don't think technology changes lifestyle . it is the lifestyle or needs of people that make technology develop . all kinds of industrial machines are created to solve problems , improve other machines or to save time . but these machines bring new problems that must be solved by others . 
17th june 2000
the manager of the circle theatre . 
dear sir or madam , 
i am writing to you in response to concerning your advertisement for the show at the circle theatre . i have to say that i am really disappointed about with your advertisement because you mentioned some points that are not true . 
firstly i'd like to complain about the actors in the show . in your advertisement you say that danny brook and tina truelove are starring in the play but i am sure that they never appeared on the stage that night . secondly , another problem was the starting time . according to your advertisement , the play starts at 19 . 30 but instead it started at 20:15 , this is almost an hour's delay . moreover , there were several prices about the tickets and an available discount , something that wasn't true . we didn't get any discount . furthermore on in your advertisement you say that visitors can visit the theatre restaurant after the play , but the restaurant was closed and i'd like to know why . i am very disappointed with the whole situation and i am not happy to ask for a money refund . 
looking forward to hearing from you . 
the 21st century is also known as the golden century of high technology and science . and i must admit that this is true . many things have changed within the last 100 years . 
technology - along with science - has made huge steps and has turned into an ever-growing monster . every single day we hear about new products , new methods , new technological miracles which have turned upside down our daily lives our daily lives upside down . 
the simplest example of modern high technology is the introduction of the computer - better known as the pc . research has shown that almost every single household owns a pc . some people use them for their job because they need it , but others , like children , use it just for fun . other examples that may not look like huge technological miracles are the tv , the microwave , the video , the satellite dish , the cd player and hundreds of others . all these play an important role in our daily life without us ever understanding them . all we have we have all turned into pathetic , technological robots . those things can and do make our lives easier and more comfortable , but they take us away from our friends , our families and moreover they lead us to madness and cut off any relationship with everything that surround surrounds us and keeps us alive . 
dear sir/madam
i am writing to you to complain about the last saturday evening performance at your theatre . i was very disappointed ! first of all , the principal character was not danny brook , but a substitute , and the theatre had not notified the audience about this change before the performance . 
secondly , the show started 45 minutes late . we could not get any discounts on the price and no worker wanted to give us an explanation for that . 
after the show , we decided to go to the restaurant for dinner , but it was closed for repairs . everything was completely different from what you had announced in the advertisement
i am sure you understand why i am so upset and you will do your best to give me satisfaction , i mean , refunding me exactly what i paid for this terrible evening . 
i look forward to hearing from you very soon . 
yours faithfully
modern technology has changed my daily life , making it easy , with less effort and time spent on . a simple example , we can , at the same time , wash our clothes in a washing machine , record a tv programme and talk to someone on the other side of the world . all this in one morning , and the day has just begun , what is to do next ? 
technology allows us to have more time for leisure or for other things we really like to do . we can take care of those we love and give them more attention ; time is not really a problem . we will see people differently , more calmly , because we suffer no stress and we are not in a hurry to do something else . we will be more understanding with others . it is the first step towards a true fraternity . 
of course , everything cannot be completely perfect . all this modern technology increases the level of waste products that cannot be easily destroyed . living better , people live longer and it is necessary to produce more food , but more food means chemical agents on the earth , the circle never stops . 
in conclusion , modern technology allows me to live better and to have more time to do what i really like , although , i know , all this has a price . 
dear sir , 
i'm writing to complain about your theatre and its show last night . 
firstly i would like to say that i was very disappointed with the show and that i didn't have the perfect evening out , as advertised . 
i have no idea where to start i don't know where to start . the main character of the musical show , who i'd like to say wasn't the " best " , was awful . his acting was not good and he didn't seem to like acting . even my son could act better . after the terrible acting of your star , comes the starting hours time . i was sitting waiting for forty-five minutes until the play started . you advertise that the show begins at 19 . 30 and not at 20:15 , as it did . and then , when i arrived at the theatre , i expected to have a discount but unfortunately i didn't . on top of all this , the theatre restaurant was closed because the chef and the waiters were on holiday . you could hire other staff to do the work . i was very disappointed , what else can i say . it was supposed to be my perfect evening out . but it wasn't . i am asking for my money back . 
in conclusion , i'd like to recommend that you should first know what you have to offer and then advertise it . 
yours sincerely 
helena 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . i shouldn't have told her that my dad had psychological problems . i knew that she was going to spread it around and tell my brother . 
it all started when i was about 10 years old , as my brother is now , and i overheard my mother talking about my father and his problems to my aunt . i was hurt inside and cried till my tears ran dry . i couldn't accept it . all these years i believed that my father was killed in a car accident . i was living a lie . 
now at the age of seventeen i made the huge mistake of saying mentioning this problem to my " friend " pat . i knew that she was close to my brother and that she loved him a lot , so i never thought that things would turn out like this . 
when one day pat came over to my house , we started arguing about ordinary things and during our fight suddenly came up the subject of my father and his problems the subject of my father and his problems suddenly came up . pat started shouting and screaming , saying what was really going on . my brother couldn't stay away . he stood outside my door and heard every single word . when i realised , it was too late . the secret was revealed had been revealed . and now i try to help my brother because i've been there , in his place , and i know how it feels . 
dear sir or madam , 
i am writing to express my great disappointment about the musical show i attended in your theatre last weekend . 
according to your advertisement , it stars danny brook and tina truelove , but surprisingly , was performed by a different actor of whom i didn't even know the name . in addition , the show was supposed to start at 19:30 but it started half an hour later , at 20:15 . 
to make matters worse , i had expected to get a discount on the ticket , but when i went to the ticket office , there was not any discount available . the last thing is the theatre restaurant was closed after the show , because it only opened until 9 o'clock at night . 
you can imagine how disappointed i was , spending money on such a terrible evening . i would like you to look into the matter immediately and i insist on getting some money back . i look forward to receiving a satisfactory reply as soon as possible . 
yours faithfully
nowadays , we use a lot of modern technology both at home and in the office but it has its advantage advantages and disadvantage disadvantages . 
the first and most important thing is that modern technology has made our life easier , for instance the rice cooker is a great invention , all you have to do is put rice in it and switch it on , it makes cooking more efficiently efficient . furthermore , we use the computer and telephone a lot . wherever you are , you can get in touch with people whenever you want . 
it is often suggested that modern technology makes the gap bigger between people , they get used to communicating with the machine then forget how to deal with human beings . 
to sum up , i believe that modern technology could help our daily life but we should not always rely on it . 
mr smith , 
spending a week in london on holiday last week , i decided to go to the theatre in order to see your wonderful musical show . unfortunately , i had a really disappointing evening ! indeed , first , the performance didn't start at 19:30 as it was meant to according to the advertisement but 45 minutes later ( 20:15 ) . 
then , the actors ( danny brook and tina truelove ) who were mentioned in the advert and were supposed to perform weren't present . there were different actors who took their roles . 
thus , the musical show wasn't as good as it should have been . i was very disappointed because d . brook and t . truelove are such great actors and i was very excited about seeing them . 
furthermore , in the advertisement i got , it was written that the theatre restaurant was open . i told myself , i could eat over there and maybe have a better evening than i was having at the beginning of the show but i wasn't lucky because the restaurant was closed ! the customers weren't told why they couldn't have a meal . no reasons were given . 
as you can see , the perfect evening i had expected was a nightmare; that's why i would be pleased if you gave me my money back because i cannot tolerate such a thing ! 
from the beginning of the century to now , modern technology has changed and has made our daily life easier . 
indeed , modernisation helps us to lead a comfortable more comfortable and better life than before . for example , cars and planes are wonderful inventions ! a few centuries ago , it took many hours ( even several days ) to go from one city to another or to travel abroad . people couldn't think of such innovation in our world and yet , it was created . mankind became more and more clever and built wonderful things thanks to his thoughts and his hands . 
communication has made many advances too . everyone has a television at home . " a machine which talks and shows pictures ! " it's a revolution , something which was unbelievable a few centuries ago . although there are new machines etc , medicine makes many discoveries thanks to research into different diseases in order to make the population live longer . 
thus , modern technology seems to be a positive way to improve our daily life . 
dear sir or madam , 
i am writing to you to complain about the show " over the rainbow " at your theatre " the circle theatre " . i am deeply disappointed with the service and the unreliable information at your theatre . 
i've attended i attended your show one evening , during my stay in london . in your advertisement you've mention " danny brook " would be starring and as it turned out it was a different danny brook . i am very disappointed by this . you also mention that your show would start at 19 . 30 but to my knowledge it started at 20:15 and that meant forty-five minutes of waiting . it also mentions mentioned other services would be available to the audience . for example there were no discounts available and the theatre restaurant was closed after the show , when it was meant to be open after the show according to the advertisement but it was closed due to the delay with the performance . 
lastly , your advertisement mentions mentioned stated clearly that this would be " your perfect evening out ! " but sadly it was a real waste of time for me . and i would like a refund . you have wasted my evening and money . 
i hope to hear from you soon . 
yours faithfully , 
( rumgopol rinsook ) . 
in the past 100 years , fashion has changed a great deal . nowadays clothes are designed to be more comfortable . you can just " pop down the road " and go shopping . the material and colours of your clothes have changed since the early 1900s . synthetic synthetics were have been created by scientist scientists . clothes are now mass produced mass-produced and design designed by designers . 
designers are unique in a way but their designs are sometimes more a piece of art and not for everyday purpose purposes . 
it is hard to imagine what people will wear in 100 years' time , because since the 1900s clothes have reduce into smaller item and more practical . maybe it would continue reducing in 100 years to come . scientists might discover a new way to make clothes more fixalde . 
it could be that you will carry a small round box . it would provide you with a new type of material to cover your body and you could choose what you want to wear by pressing buttons . 
this would be very easy to manage but it would mean no more shopping for girls . it would be scary to live in the new 100 years , but it would be interesting to see what will happen . hopefully it wouldn't be everybody walking around naked everybody wouldn't be walking around naked . 
17 . 06 . 2000
dear sir/madam , 
i have recently been to your musical show 'over the rainbow' . to my regret , the evening totally failed to live up to my expectations . the advertisement provided false information , e . g . the names of the actors were incorrect - danny brook was not performing . i have to say , this fact disappointed me very much . 
moreover , the show started late: instead of 19 . 30 ( the time in the advertisement ) people were allowed in at 20:15 , resulting in a waiting time of 45 minutes . 
there were two other problems: there were no discounts , contrary to the information in the advertisement , and the theatre restaurant was closed because of the repair work . 
this evening , as you can see , proved to be far from perfect . therefore , i would like to have my money back . please contact me for more details if necessary . 
yours faithfully , 
miss nitya ramel
we are living in a technologically advanced world where we are surrounded by all sorts of devices which would seem fantastic to our ancestors . my daily life has been changed much by modern technology without me noticing it up to this point . 
just looking around , i realise that modern technology has crept into every area of my life . i would rather type some course work up than hand-write it . this makes my life easier , and at the same time saves some trees in a rain forest from being cut down . 
when i am too tired to go out but want to meet some new people , computer technology provides me with the opportunity . using the internet , i can meet people from all around the world without going anywhere . with all the resources on the net i don't need to go to the library as often as i used to . i guess i haven't realised until now how much my daily life has been changed by modern technology . this leaves me wondering how beneficial its influence is for me . 
dear sir , 
i am writing in order to complain about the show that your theatre put on . i went to your theatre with the idea of having a great time . unfortunately , things went very wrong . 
firstly , in the advertisement for the show it said that the star was danny brook , and that was wrong because there was a different actor . this was very disappointing . 
secondly , the show was supposed to start at half past seven in the afternoon , but it started at quarter past eight , that is forty-five minutes later ! it is also advertised that there were discounts available . however , that was another lie . 
lastly , after that awful experience i tried to visit your theatre restaurant , of course , i couldn't do it because it was closed . 
as you can see , it wasn't my perfect evening out ( as you promised in the advertisement ) , so i want you to give me my money back . 
yours faithfully
ingo sanou
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets and i discovered that too late . if i had known that before , i wouldn't have told her that i had disapprove failed my mathematics exam . 
last week i had an argument with my mother . she told me that i was spending too much time with my friends , so my exam results were going to be very bad . i said that i knew what i was doing and that my marks would be good . 
after that pat invited me to go to the charly garcia concert . the concert was planned for the following friday , which was the day after my teacher gave me my marks . i really wanted to go , and i knew that my exam had gone badly , so i told my mother that i would get my results the next monday , so my mother allowed me to go . 
that friday , i knew that i had disapprove failed the exam , and pat knew it too . of course , i didn't think about telling that to my mother , but pat came to my house and told my mother , without any intention of doing so . as a result , i wasn't allowed to go to the concert , but pat told me that it was great . 
dear mr. manager of the circle theatre:
i'm writing to you to describe some problems with your theatre's show . first i have to say to you that there was a different actor to the one advertised starring in the play . i expected the star of the play to be danny brook and there was another man . i'm very disappointed with the time that the play started . i had been waiting for more than half an hour . 
about the price , the paper that i have at home states that there were discounts available , if these discounts are real i couldn't use them . 
when the show had finished i couldn't visit the theatre restaurant because it was closed . the reason they gave us was that they hadn't got any waiters . 
for all those reasons i have given you , i ask for the money i had paid paid spent back . in my opinion it wasn't my perfect evening out . 
i'm sorry if i cause any problem to you cause you any problem , but i'm very angry and it was your fault . 
thank you for your attention , 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . i was fourteen-years-old fourteen years old and i was with my best friend , pat . we were in a private school , which looked like a castle , in london and we had been staying there for two months . our parents took us there because they wanted us to become good polite girls . life in the school was very boring and sometimes we organized games to have fun there . one day i discovered a secret path in the school . this path went from our bedroom to the director's room . i thought it was a good idea to tell pat because we could use it to look for exams , and then we could pass all of them . when i told her , she promised me that she would keep the secret . but in a few days she told the secret to all the class . all our mates wanted to enjoy our fantastic secret path to look for exams . then somebody told a teacher and the teachers went to talk to our parents . they were very angry and disappointed with us . nowadays , i remember this story as a bad experience . 
dear sir/madam , 
i am writing this letter to you in order to complain about the musical show ( 'over the rainbow' ) that was performed at your theatre last week; concretely on friday evening . 
first of all , i should say that i had read fantastic reviews of it in several newspapers , specially regarding the starring actors' superb performances . these were in perfect agreement with my previous opinion of your company , which is said to be the best producer of musical shows in europe . with all these considerations in mind , i attended on the referred day to your theatre attended your theatre on the referred day with the aim of having a perfect evening . 
however , nothing was further from what really happened . to start with , it was impossible to obtain any of the offered discounts , even though i presented an official isic card . then , the audience had to wait 45 minutes past the announced time of the performance for the show to get started . and finally , when they came on , we realised that it was not danny brook performing , which was really disappointing . 
i hope you realise this was totally different from what you advertised , and i look forward to hearing from you in the very near future offering me some money back . 
yours faithfully , 
jaro santoquez
nowadays we can see a very different world from the one our grandparents , or even our parents , were living in . actually , whereas they used to talk about how their daily lives had changed in comparison with previous generations' , we remain astonished , looking at how our lives are changing frenetically . we have hardly assimilated one piece of new technology when it is replaced or modified by another . 
electronic devices and 'gadgets' make our daily lives more comfortable and easier , but does that mean that we live better than ever ? of course , they have liberated us from a lot of tough routines , giving us the chance to have more free time . 
however , instead of enjoying this fantastic opportunity , people have become hooked on technological advances , feeding back their development in an accelerating , non-stop race . 
machines now do most of the hard work , but this does not mean that we are working less . people spend more and more time working , searching for new inventions that will make life easier , but then fail to profit from all the benefits obtained . 
dear sir/madam
i am writing to you to complain about the problem that happened in the play called " over the rainbow " , and why i would like to get some money back . 
the problem is that most of the advertisement was misleading . first of all , there were no discounts on the tickets' prices , and they were advertised . secondly , the play was advertised as starting at 19 . 30 , but it started at 20:15 . despite this fact , which i did not care about at first , when the play started i did not see danny brook , who is my favourite actor ; i saw another actor who was not danny brook . 
besides when i went to the restaurant it was closed , and i could not see it . but the main reason for my complaint , is that in the advertisement it was said it would be my perfect evening out , and it was not . 
therefore , for all these reasons , i would be happy to get some money back . i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours faithfully , 
how has modern technology changed my daily life
technology has affected my daily life so much . if i did not have it , i could not do most of the things that i do today . 
first of all , if i did not have it , i would not be able to get out of the city because i would not have a car . but we have it , and the thing that has changed most my life my life most is the internet . 
nowadays , with my computer , i can travel anywhere in the world , just by having it connected to a modem . the internet has changed my life because , with it , we can do everything at home . for example if one day i forgot a book , with the internet i can find the book inside it i can find the book on the internet , and more information too . 
another thing apart from the internet and the car that has changed my life is the tv . with the tv i can get all the information , moreover i can see films through on it . and the best thing is that it entertains me alone or with people . 
in conclusion i think that without technology we could not live as well as we live now , and our lives would be so very boring . 
17 , june 2000
the manager
the circle theatre
sir , i returned very unhappy from my holidays . the reason is that the musical show that i had seen with my wife , first of all , started late . we bought tickets for the second show , which was at 19 . 30 and it started at 20:15 ! we were interested in seeing the actors that appeared on the tickets and i was very disappointed when , in the show , we saw other actors . the tickets were more expensive than we had expected , but we didn't care because we saw on the tickets that there would be discounts given , but , they didn't give us discounts ! with all these problems , the only thing that kept us going was the thought of eating something . when the show finished we went to the theatre restaurant and it was closed because the staff didn't arrive go to work that day . 
so it was the most bad worst evening that i had ever spent had . i ask you to consider all my reasons and to turn back to return my money . i think that is the only thing you can do . 
thank you for your understanding 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . 
it was saturday night , and i was with my sister pat alone in my home . that night i was invited to a great party , but i was being punished , and i had to stay at home with my sister . my parents were away for the weekend . when it was time to go to the party i decided to escape without telling my sister . unfortunately when i returned she was waiting for me in my room . when i entered my room she was very happy , because my father would punish me again . of course , she would tell him , but i decided to pay her if she behaved stayed quiet . she accepted and i paid her a lot of money . 
on sunday night , when my parents arrived , they asked her if i had stayed at home on saturday . my sister behave behaved stayed silent for a minute and then started laughing; so my parents , with her laugh , knew that i had gone out that saturday; and punished me for a year . 
to the manager of " the circle theatre " after finishing a stressful year at school , i took a short holiday , and its " splendid ending " was a week in london . while i was there , i saw a very attractive sign: " over the rainbow " the musical was playing at your theatre , moreover , the wonderful danny brook was the star in it . sadly , i decided to go , along with my girlfriend , but the problems started even before the show , when we wanted to buy the tickets . we asked about " the discounts " that were offered in the advertisement and the only thing that the lady who was selling the tickets could say was: what discounts ? then , we moved inside the theatre and we had to wait 45 minutes until the show began ! ! , while we were waiting , we thought we could go to the restaurant after the event , and then we realized it was closed . by the time the show started , we were so angry that the only thing i remember is that danny brook wasn't acting . i think you have already realized that it wasn't a pleasure for us to see the show , so i hope you can give me our money back , if you can't , please , at least give me an explanation . yours faithfully
how has modern technology changed your daily life ? 
the history of the human race is the history of world conquest . that said , technology has advanced continuously since the beginning of man's evolution . furthermore , during the last two centuries , there has been an enormous technological explosion . while the xix century gave us the steam engine , factories and the electric light bulb , this century has given us nuclear energy ( and sadly atomic weapons ) , the computer , the internet and television . 
today , i can do most of my school homework with the computer encyclopaedia and it doesn't weigh more than an apple ! i can read all the news as soon as it happens in the virtual newspapers and i can talk with my foreign friends thanks to the icq program . i had never used the internet before , but it has changed my entire life , and it is much better than it used to be . 
dear sir , 
a few days ago , as i was having a week's holiday in london , i read your advertisement , which convinced me to go to see your show: over the rainbow . i must tell you that this show was the worst one i had ever been to . 
first of all , i was very disappointed by the fact that the actors who performed were not the ones who were supposed to be there ! 
i was all the more angry as the show started at 20:15 instead of 19:30 , as was written in your ad ! another problem: there was no discount available ! 
finally , at the end of this very disappointing evening , i decided to go to the theatre restaurant - which was also mentioned in your ad - but i was told that this was closed for a private party ! 
to put it in a nutshell , contrary to what was described in the advertisement , it was not my perfect evening out and that is why i would like to get my money back . 
i look forwards to hearing from you
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . when you told her something important , she could not help telling it to someone else so as not to be the only one to know it . actually , even though she was seventeen , she still behaved like a ten-year-old child and it was very difficult for her to know that she could not do or tell something - like a secret , for example . thus when sally explained to her that she had fallen in love with kevin , pat felt very embarrassed awkward . in fact , she knew that even if sally was her best friend , she would not be able to keep such a secret . it might seem a bit strange but if pat had been able to choose whether she wanted to know a secret or not , she would have preferred not to know it . pat was totally upset . she felt all the more ill at ease as sally trusted her . thus when sally asked her not to reveal the secret , pat ran away , went home , and locked herself in her bedroom . but when she saw the phone that she used in order to call her friends , she started to cry since she knew that she would use it . 
mr john smythe , 
i'm writing to tell you about the horrible evening i had on friday . i was very excited at the idea of going to the theatre , but it didn't work out as i thought it would . 
first of all , the starring actors were supposed to be danny brook and tina truelove . tina did act , but danny brook was replaced by an awful actor whose name i don't recall . 
second of all , the play was supposed to start at 19:30 , but it started at 20:15 . i'm not used to wasting my time sitting on a chair waiting , i do have better things to do with it . 
another thing i want to complain about is that you advertised that discounts were available , but there wasn't any discount at all . 
to finish my " marvellous " evening , i wanted to eat at your restaurant , but it was closed and no reason was given . 
as i didn't have a " perfect evening out " , i think i have the right to ask for my money back . i hope you understand . 
yours faithfully
pat's story
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . 
now you're probably asking yourself what does that mean , well , now i'm going to explain it to you . 
two years ago in this school , pat and i used to be best friends . we used to tell everything to each other . i was having some family problems , so my marks were going down and down . pat was worried , she didn't know what to do . one day she looked me in the eyes with a sharp , deep look , never have i seen such a deep look , and asked me what was happening and i told her as i always used to . that afternoon she visited me and told me a plan she had designed to make my marks rise . it consisted in stealing the school list from the computer , in other words , hacking into the school software . 
i thought it was a great idea , so i stole about ten tests we were scheduled to do . 
pat couldn't stand the pressure of the " crime " so she told the school directors that i stole the tests . i was punished , nearly expelled , but pat didn't receive any punishment . i never accused her of lying , and if you ask me why , i really don't know . 
dear sir/madam , 
last night i went to the circle theatre to see the show " over the rainbow " , and i have to say that i had a very disappointing evening , even though i heard that the show was exciting . 
two days before i read an advertisement for this show , which said that danny brook was starring . unfortunately , last evening there was a different actor and that was very disappointing . 
apart from that , the show started at 20:15 , not at 19:30 , as it said in the advertisement and the theatre restaurant was closed when the show finished . 
i am in london for a week and i have to say that last evening i had an awful time , so i want some of my money back . 
i am looking forward to receiving your reply with my money . 
yours faithfully , 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . 
pat and i had been friends for a long time and as my best friend he knew all my secrets . 
yesterday afternoon , when i went home , my mother wanted to talk to me about something , so i went into her bedroom to speak to her . she told me that she knew that last saturday i went to a party without asking her and that she had to punish me for that . she told me that i had to stay at home at the weekend and not go out with my friends . 
when i went to my bedroom i realised that pat had told my mother about the party , because no one else knew that my mother did not know that . 
i called him and we had a big argument . pat is not a reliable person , so he is not my best friend anymore . 
dear sir , 
i am writing in order to complain about the musical show , the name of which is over the rainbow , which i saw in your theatre recently . 
i like this musical very much and while i was spending some days in london i saw your advertisement so i decided to go to see it . 
first of all , i had problems with tickets because i could not get the discounts that you mentioned in the advertisement . it was a pity but it did not annoy me because i thought that the musical was good enough to pay  20 for . 
so i entered the theatre to enjoy the musical but i do not know the reason why it started at a quarter past eight ( three quarters of an hour late ) . 
then i got irritable and i thought that the organization was very bad because nobody explained to us the reasons why the show was late starting . 
finally , when the musical started i realized that danny brook , my favourite actor , was not there . in your advertisement his name was in big letters and in the musical there was a different actor . 
after the show i decided to go to have a coffee and to smoke a cigarette to try to calm myself and suddenly i could see that the restaurant was closed because it was the day off for the barman barman's day off . 
i am very indignant because i wasted my time and it was a horrible evening so i would like you to return my money and take note of all these problems . if you do not return my money i will send a letter to a lawyer . 
i look forward to hearing from you soon . 
yours faithfully
how has modern technology changed your daily life ? 
a long time ago technology wasn't an important thing for people because they didn't appreciate it . 
change wasn't common and governments didn't invest enough money in it . nowadays , technology is changing our life every day . 
for instance , modern technology is changing the way i work . my computer is faster and it is able to do a lot of things that i wasted a lot of time on before . 
not only are computers useful for keeping storing information but also computers can give you a lot of information thanks to the internet . 
on the other hand , i realise that modern technology is not as good as people think: i hate mobiles . i know that some people need them to work but i can't understand why teenagers need them . 
to sum up , modern technology is changing my work , my life , and my friends . 
maybe it would be a nice idea to analyse these changes and to put limits on technology , because i think that the most important thing is to understand our life and know the ways we can improve it . 
dear sir or madam , after i had read your advertisement i went to " the circle theatre " looking forward to watching your musical " over the rainbow " . in the end i was very disappointed . firstly , the show did not start on time but forty-five minutes late . this made me a little bit angry because i already had trouble buying a ticket earlier : although it was proclaimed in the advertisement , there were no 15 and 10 discounts available . but i did not mind anymore because i knew that a show with danny brook would be worth this . that was why i was really shocked to recognise to see that there was another actor playing his role . this actor was not nearly as brilliant as danny brook and i would not have paid so much money if i had known this before . at the end of the musical i decided to " rescue " this evening by visiting your theatre restaurant . like everything else that had gone wrong that evening , the restaurant was closed because the cook had fallen ill ! i hope you can see that this was no " perfect evening " and i was very disappointed , mostly because this was the last night of our stay in london . i am convinced i have the right to some money back from you because none of your promises was carried out . yours faithfully gabe grumman ( mrs ) 
" the old man and the sea " 
i heard somebody say , " exciting books always describe people in difficult situations " . well , i would not agree that this statement is always true , but it is true in the case of the book " the old man and the sea " by ernest hemingway . 
the context of the book is easy to understand and not very spectacular: an old fisherman is alone on the vast sea , fighting with a strong fish he has caught . what makes the situation difficult is that neither of the two characters wants to give up . it becomes a life and death struggle . 
the excitement is not created by bloody fights but by the strength of the protagonist . he is old and he wants to win this last competition between him and nature . so he bears everything: the days and nights on the sea , without any food or water , the terrible summer sun , being injured from keeping hold of the line on which the fish is caught . 
the reader feels for him , wants to know if he will win or wonders why he will not give up . 
although this situation might not be very difficult or important for anybody else , it is for this old man and i found it very exciting to follow this story until quiet , sad end . 
17th of june of 2000 dear sir , i am writing to complain about various things which i am very disappointed with . i went to the theatre to see the musical show called 'over the rainbow' . there i met with many problems . first of all , i bought four tickets for 20 each and discounts were not available . secondly , i arrived at the theatre at 9:15 because the time of the performance was 9:30 . however , the show started at 20:15 . i was fed up with waiting . the worst thing of all was that at the beginning of the show i realized that the actors were totally different from the ones advertised . they were worse than the previous actors . after the show , my friends and i were very furious because of all this . we decided to go to the theatre restaurant to eat something and to relax . the surprise was that the restaurant was closed . i am really annoyed . in my opinion , you have to give us back us money because everything that you wrote in your advertisement was not true . i hope to get your answer soon . finally , i want to tell you this is the last time that i come to your theatre . thank you . yours sincerely carolina rodrigez . 
fashion of the future
i am going to write about what clothes will be worn in the future . 
i have gone out onto the street and i have asked people this question . i have recollected all the answers and i have written this article . 
most people think that character , person and clothes are of a piece . they believe that people in the future will wear comfortable clothes because they will be outgoing , amusing , etc . 
i really think that living in the future will be like living on the moon - very exciting . and people will wear cybernetic clothes but at the same time comfortable clothes . i believe that they will wear colourful jeans , t-shirts , mountain boots , etc . and all of this with a lot of colour . from my point of view , they will enjoy themselves more than people do now because they will have many things to do . 
on the other hand , most people in the future will wear glasses . that is because sunlight is very bad . in the end everyone will be short-sighted . 
in conclusion , i would like to live in the future to see what clothes exactly exactly what clothes they will wear . it is a subject very interesting very interesting subject . 
to the manager of the circle theatre - london
dear sir , 
i write to complain about the show " over the rainbow " i saw last night . firstly i was very disappointed to find out that unheard-of actors were playing instead of the ones we all expected . 
besides this , no discounts for students were available . 
i'm very sorry to let you know that not only was the show really boring , but it also started 45 minutes late - this shouldn't happen ! 
in addition to this , i listened to bad singers and noticed a numertable lack of variety in the dancing . 
furthermore i couldn't drink a cup of coffee after the show in the theatre restaurant . i've been told it was closed because of a waiters' strike . 
i know this is not your fault , but it was very annoying . this show might be the newest in london , but it is at all the best . 
i do finally finally i do think it would be fair to give the audience their money back - so i am asking you for a complete refund ( cash ) of the ticket price . 
yours faithfully
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . we all know that she isn't good at keeping her mouth shut at all , but it should have been better this time . her brother philip had just passed his last exam at the university and was going to graduate in a few days . 
their parents were so happy that they decided to give him a fantastic present: the brand new car he had always dreamed of . 
this should have been a big surprise for him: the car was bought and everything was prepared in a very hush-hush atmosphere . 
pat promised not to speak to anyone about the car , but one evening philip overhead her speaking about this with her boyfriend : " it will be delivered on thursday ! can you imagine philip's face when he sees his favourite car out there ? " he couldn't believe his ears ! 
the great day came . the car was already parked near the rear door and there was an unusual level of activity all over the house . everyone seemed to be looking for something . 
" are you looking for these ? " asked philip , showing the keys to the car . 
and disappeared , heading for the rear door . 
dear sir , 
i am writing to draw your attention to the musical show that took place yesterday evening . none of the conditions were fulfilled: firstly , danny brook , who was going to perform in the show , was changed for another actor . as a result it was a disappointing performance . furthermore , the show started at 20:15 while the advertisement said that it was going to begin at 19:30 . 
furthermore , there weren't any discounts on the price of the tickets . 
to make matters worse , when the show finished we couldn't visit the theatre restaurant because of the fact that it was closed ( since it was being painted ) . 
i am very surprised that such a reputable theatre like yours has been able to break all the promises that were made in the advertisement . of course , what was going to be a perfect evening out turned into a very disappointing evening , and i would be very grateful if you could refund me the price of my ticket . 
yours faithfully
what will clothes be like 100 years from now ? 
i imagine they will be very different . scientist scientists will invent new materials that will keep the body's temperature in a suitable range . in that way people won't feel cold or hot , they will always be at the same temperature . in addition these new materials will weigh hardly anything . 
as well as that , people won't be as worried about fashion as nowadays , however , it will be very important that clothes are comfortable and suitable for your work and daily duties as well as sport and everything you have to do . for that reason clothes will be simpler and more practical . 
besides , everybody will be able to afford to buy them then . that's because the price of this sort of material will be very affordable . 
of course , the resources used and the manufacturing will be completely harmless for the environment because people will be more aware of the necessity of taking care of the world we live in . 
dear sir , 
i write this letter because i think there were too many problems concerning your musical show: " over the rainbow " . 
first , i expected to find danny brook as the main actor , but she must have been replaced since the actor was different . i was so disappointed that i was thinking of leaving your theatre . nevertheless , i stayed since i had paid . 
i also want to put the emphasis on the fact that the show started at 8 . 15 pm instead of beginning at 7 . 30 pm . it was really a shame ! in fact , if i had known , i would have probably stayed at home . 
we see on the advertisement that discounts are available . nonetheless , there were no discounts available at all . and , we were not allowed to visit your theatre restaurant because it was closed . indeed , there was a little note on the door which informed us that the restaurant was closed due to illness . 
consequently i ask you for some money back , seeing that i think: it's not worth the bother to lose money for such a show . , 
thank you . 
i think that modern technology changes my daily life . indeed , daily life is easier thanks to technology . for example , if i want to buy something , i can go on my computer and buy it . but it will make me lazy . 
on the one hand technology is a good thing seeing that we've got more and more opportunities to enjoy ourselves since it invents a lot of products . but on the other hand , technology's products are sometimes expensive and i can't afford them . 
in fact , i like technology but sometimes i wish it had never existed since there are too many things on the market . indeed , when you want to buy a television , for example , there are a lot of different makes . and it's all the more tiring since you often wait for two weeks before getting it . i'm bound to feel tense . 
to put it in a nutshell , i would like to say that technology can be a good thing , but it creates many problems too . 
dear sir or madam:
i'm writing this letter to complain about some aspects of the musical show " over the rainbow " , which was played in your theatre . it was a very disappointing evening so i ask for my money back . 
the first problem we had was that the discounts announced in the advertisement were not available and we had to pay the full price . 
another problem was that the show started 45 minutes late and i had a surprise when i saw that the main character was not played by danny brook , who is one of my favourite actors . 
finally i want to complain about the theatre restaurant . we read that we could visit it after the show but it was closed because the waiters were on strike . 
i think that all these problems could have been avoided and that asking for my money back is the best way of forgetting that evening . 
yours sincerely 
fashion news is followed by lots of people . 
we want to know what we will have to wear next year but we want to know it now . but have you thought about what kind of clothes we will wear 100 years from now ? 
people have always looked for the most comfortable clothes for their daily lives . i think that this tendency will not change but what will change is life . we tend to be a society that wants more free time so people will need more comfortable clothes to enjoy it . 
another important thing will be the use of technology . scientists are looking for new materials that will make our clothes more comfortable and stronger . clothes will have a strong relation to the new technologies , and modern devices will be included in our everyday clothes . 
fashion reflects the way we live so we can expect that fashion will be connected to technology and society . 
dear sir/madam , 
i am writing to complain about the musical 'over the rainbow' . there were some unfortunate incidents . 
to begin with , according to your advertisement , discount tickets are available . however , i could not get them . so i could not get a good seat . 
in addition to this , the show was supposed to start at 19 . 30 , but it started at 20 . 15 . as a result , i could not visit the restaurant since it had already closed when the show finished . 
to make matters worse , there was a different actor although danny brook should have starred although danny brook should have starred there was a different actor . i was really looking forward to seeing his performance , but on starting the show , i found it disappointing . can you imagine how upset i was ? 
finally , i would like to ask you to give me some money back . 
i look forward to receiving a satisfactory reply by return of post . 
yours faithfully , 
in my opinion , modern technology has changed my daily life significantly . 
to begin with , i think the mobile phone is very useful because i can make a phone call wherever i am , without looking for a telephone box . when i meet my friends somewhere but cannot arrive there on time , i can tell them about it using the phone . on the other hand , when i do not want anybody to disturb me , the phone annoys me . 
secondly , as far as i am concerned , the computer is a great invention . with the internet and e-mail , i can get lots of information from everywhere , and i can get in touch with my friends who live abroad . since i bought a computer , i have been checking for e-mails from my friend almost every day . finding them , i feel happy even if there is only one . 
on balance then , i think that modern technology really affects my life even though i feel that it advances too rapidly for me to catch up . 
17th june 2000
dear sir , 
last week , i was on holiday in london , and having read the advertisement for your musical show , i had planned ( as it said ) " a perfect evening out " . 
but as it turned out , it really wasn't a pleasant evening , and i didn't enjoy myself . on top of this , the advertisement wasn't right at all , or i must have been to the wrong show ! 
according to the advertisement , the show should have started at 19 . 30 , but it didn't begin before 20 . 15 . that's nearly an hour late ! the tickets were rather expensive , and the discounts mentioned in the advertisement weren't at all available at the theatre . they had never heard of such a thing ! 
the actors were not the ones expected: there was no sign of danny brook , and the person who played his part was very disappointing . 
i was a little hungry after the show , but then again , i had to find another restaurant since the theatre restaurant was closed with no further information given . 
in conclusion , i wasn't at all satisfied , and i would like my money back since the show wasn't worth it . 
yours sincerely
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . . 
but i found out afterwards and it was too late . 
pat was my friend , i trusted her and we got on very well until she repeated to everyone the secret i had told her . there was only one thing i didn't like about her: she would do anything to have friends , even betray me . 
no one knew apart from me and my mother . i kept lying when somebody asked where my dad was . " he's travelling around the world , " i would say , and everyone would admire him . but i knew pat knew , and because of her , so did everyone else: he was in prison because he had killed a man . 
since everyone knew the truth , things weren't the same . everyone , even my friends , looked at me in a strange kind of way . as if i was guilty . what did i have to do with this ? i wasn't the one who had killed the man , but it seemed people didn't want to talk to me anymore . 
i know , now , why i wanted to hide the truth . 
dear sir/madam , 
i am writing to you after visiting your theatre . frankly speaking , i was very disappointed after my visit . 
i was displeased from the very beginning , because i expected to get a discount as i'm a student . according to your advertisement i could have one but in reality there were no discounts at all . but nevertheless i decided to go to your show . 
the show started at 20 . 15 instead of 19 . 30 . i had to wait in the overcrowded hall . when the show finally started i found out that danny brook had been replaced by another actor . one of the reasons for my visiting your show was danny brook's participation . so , you could understand how disappointed i was . 
to make matters worse , the restaurant which was mentioned in your advertisement was closed . 
so i didn't have such a perfect evening as was promised in your advertisement . 
in fact there were a lot of mistakes in your advertisement and i would be greatful if you could give me back a part of my money . 
i'm looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours faithfully , 
how has modern technology changed your daily life ? 
in my opinion , modern technologies play an important role in people's lives . i think that at present the most important technologies are computer and internet technologies . both computers and the internet influence people's lives . 
i have to use a computer every day . it helps me with preparing my homework . first of all the internet gives you access to a great number of different information . on the one hand , the internet is often used for entertainment , but on the other hand it's also used in different business and education processes . with the help of internet technologies i communicate with other people from all over the world it gives me the chance to improve my english . in my view , the internet can be used in education , because it gives an opportunity to have remote communication between pupils and teachers . 
though the internet has a lot of positive aspects , i think you should be careful with it and not be dependent on it . 
dear sir or madam , 
my name is molly menbrook . i have seen your new musical , 'over the rainbow' . i am sorry but i must admit it was a bit disappointing . 
i bought the ticket for the evening performance to end the day with a nice musical . but the time wasn't kept . i had to wait 45mins to get in ! so in order to keep myself occupied for a while , i went to the restaurant but it wasn't open . i couldn't see anyone inside either . no one . 
the show itself was quite disappointing . the show was ok though i suggest you hire different actors . i think danny brook doesn't suit the role he plays in this musical . . . 
also you mentioned a discount . for tickets . well no , i didn't get a discount ! and the tickets were pretty expensive . . . 
anyway , after watching the musical , i felt a bit peckish so i went to the restaurant again with the hope that it might be open , but still , nobody was in . then a person appeared , walking towards the door to the kitchen , i guessed . i asked him why the restaurant was closed . he said it was because the manager of the restaurant had gone out to arrange the food supply for the next day . they had been closed for 3 days according to him . 
so you see my point . it wasn't very pleasant . so i am going to ask for a refund . . . i hope this isn't offending you too much . . . or asking you for too much . 
reply as soon as possible , 
best regards , 
i think the clothes in future will be similar in shape as the clothes that exist now . just like sweaters , shoes , t-shirts etc . . . but maybe not . 
when it comes down to colour , i think it'll be much brighter and maybe glittery . like shiny and plastic kind . maybe silver and gold , glittery red , purple and blue . as well as bright yellow , orange and green . all suitable for discos ! 
shoes will be high heeled and modern . colours to match the clothes . still , comfortable . i think they'll be based on some kind of space theme and aliens . 
but i think i prefer the clothes now . i'll stick to baggy t-shirts , jeans , baseball caps and trainers . they'll do for me instead of all the silvers and golds . al the spacy theme . i think i'll be fine in the clothes we have now . . . i mean , i won't get sick of them ! 
though some people may fancy the glitter and the spacy feel , i don't like it and i hope it really isn't the style for the future . it's just not my cup of tea . . . 
dear mr. smith , 
i am writing this letter to let you know about the bad points of the theatre . 
first , it didn't start at 19 . 30 . it started at 20 . 15 . we had to wait for 45 minutes . i got bored . not only me but also the others got bored . 
it was written in the newspaper that danny brock performed in the play . but it was not danny brock , it was a different actor . if there had been a problem , it should have been told us we should have been told . i wanted to see him but i couldn't see him . this was very disappointing for me . 
when i was buying a ticket , there was no discount . but in the newspaper there was said to be a discount . i paid 20 to the cashier . i was hungry and i thought i could eat something at the theatre restaurant after the show . but it was closed without any reason . it was very rude . for this , i want my money back because i didn't enjoy at the theatre . 
i hope you will not continue like this . 
yours sincerely , 
technological advantages
technology is the thing that makes our life easy . technology is in every part of our life . 
we use cars , trains , ships or planes when we want to go somewhere . but if they weren't made , we would have to walk or go by horse or donkey . with the help of technology , we do our work in less time . for example , in the past , people used horses to go to another place . and their life passed in the ways . but now we use planes to go to far away places . it takes less time than going by horse . 
and computers are the most important product of technology . in the world , people spend the whole day playing with computers . not only as a hobby . they use computers for their work . they communicate with other businessmen and do their jobs with the help of computers . sometimes they don't go to their offices . they write their secret notes on computers . computers hold them in their memory . but in the past people had to use lots of notebooks and they also had to find places to hide them . 
but it also has bad points . for example , wars . using technology , scientists make lots of powerful guns . it is bad for world peace . 
i think we should use technology for peace and use it for our benefit . 
dear sir or madam , 
i am writing to express my dissatisfaction with the show you put on two weeks ago at your theatre . 
as i was spending a weekend in london . i took the opportunity to see the performance of one of my favourite actors , danny brook . unfortunately as soon as i got to the theatre i was told that there had been a change in the cast and danny brook was not part of it anymore . besides , since my girlfriend and i had really to hurry up to reach the theatre on time we hadn't had any dinner , as we had been thinking of having it at your restaurant . you cannot imagine our disappointment when we realised that the show had been postponed to 20 . 15 instead of 19 . 30 and that the restaurant was closed because of repair work ; as a matter of fact , after the show we only ate a hamburger in a fast-food restaurant . 
in conclusion , i would like to have the two tickets refunded , considering also that there were no discounts available , in contrast to what was stated in the advertisement . 
yours faithfully
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . in fact this was the main reason for mr white's resignation and suicide . pat was not a very clever teenager and while she was attending secondary school she had many problems with chemistry . i could actually say that if it hadn't been for mr. white she would never have passed her exam to enter university . mr white came to our school when he was 40 year old years old but still good-looking and all my female school-mates fell suddenly in love with him; he was always so kind and generous towards his pupils that any girl felt herself loved by him: pat certainly was one of them . one day while she was walking in central park she saw a man and a young girl sitting under a tree . immediately she recognized her beloved teacher kissing one of her classmate classmates and she ran away as fast as she could . she was so angry and felt so betrayed by mr white that without any hesitation she went to the school headmaster to report everything she had seen . the next day mr white was charged with abuse and obliged to resign . the trial was long and received wide coverage from the media . we live in a small and old-fashioned town and mr. white was considered a monster: losing his job was hard for him , but even harder was the loss of his beloved pupils who were not allowed to meet him; so , on a bright summer day he took his final decision and died , terrified by the darkness which was nearing . 
dear manager , 
my name is manu roddos and i am writing to complain about some things that happened at the performance of the show over the rainbow , which took place in your establishment , the circle theatre , which made me feel very upset . 
first of all , the show is far away from being the best musical show in london . i was very excited to see it yesterday , but as soon as i arrived at the theatre the problems began . i was looking forward to getting a discount of several pounds on my ticket , as the leaflet promises , however , it did not happen . after that , i became even more angry because , as far as i concern am concerned , the show must begin on time , but it started forty-five minutes late . finally , the actors were not danny brook and tina truelove , but others i have never seen before , and the restaurant was closed with no advice notice . 
lastly , for all these reasons my evening was horrible , and that is why i would like to ask you for my money back as soon as possible . 
yours sincerely , 
these days , technology has become a very common thing , even among children . it is such an evolution for the human race , however , we cannot forget that it can cause some problems too . 
firstly , the great boom in mass communication which happened at the beginning of our decade , with the development of telephones , radio stations , television and even satellites , and of course , the internet , gave ordinary people the chance to take off on a trip all over the world , and this allowed health and education research to increase as well . 
on the other hand , technology has broadened the differences between poor and rich people to a great degree , and this is one of the biggest causes of violence in all countries . in addition to that , people will always be afraid of a technological war . 
in conclusion , from my point of view , people must learn that despite technology being such a new area to explore , we have to use it with a great deal of responsibility for us all to survive in the future . 
dear mr brown , 
i went to the circle theatre yesterday , to see the play " over the rainbow " and i must say that i was rather disappointed . 
first of all , the play was supposed to start at 7:30 p . m . but it actually started at 8:15 p . m . so i had to wait forty-five minutes . also , your advertisement says that discounts are available . that is not quite true because when i asked for one , the woman who sells the tickets replied with a resounding , " no " . 
when the play finally started , and the two actors entered the stage , i could see that the male one was not danny brook , contrary to what the advertisement says , which really disappointed me since he was the only reason that i came to this play . 
but my complaints are not over yet . after the disappointing performance of the actor who replaced danny brook , i went to the theatre restaurant , and , also in contrast to what was said on the advertisement , it was closed . there was only a small sign stuck on the door , saying that it was " closed for repairs " . 
so , unfortunately , i must say that last night was one of the worst nights i ever had , and having given the reasons , i expect to be able to count on your sense of responsibility , so , i feel that i must ask for my 20 pounds i spent on that terrible night . 
yours faithfully , 
how has modern technology changed your daily life ? 
as we all know , technology has improved gigantically over the last 20 years , and today , it affects us in many ways . 
first of all , we have all become much more sedentary than in the past . most of the modern jobs involve computers , so there is no physical effort , just mental , but , on the other hand , we improved communications with computers and the internet , the kind of communication where there is no need to meet personally , to see the other person , just the need to talk . 
also , with today's machines , factories have significantly increased their production , which brings progress to humanity , but also , with the continuous replacement of men by machines , unemployment is increasing too , and today , it worries every single citizen of the world , specially the ones who live in third world countries . 
so , men have invented machines to help them with their tasks , but nowadays , we are becoming slaves to them . the most important thing in the future will be knowing how to deal with machines , so , today's children must be introduced to computers from an early age , so that they can have a chance to compete with the furious emearrence of the future . 
dear sir or madam
i am writing to complain about the musical show " over the rainbow " . i recently booked a week's holiday in london , to see the musical " over the rainbow " , the date was the 9th of june 2000 , with your firm . 
it was said that danny brook would play the leading part , but there was a different actor instead . this really disappointed me . 
we arrived at the theatre at 19 , 00 since the play was supposed to start at 19:30 but we had to wait until 20:15 before it started . it was also said that discounts were available but this was wrong , because we couldn't get any discounts . 
the theatre restaurant that should be open after the show was closed because the chef was ill and there was no food in the fridge . 
this should have been our perfect evening out but it wasn't . 
i am not satisfied with this musical show at all . 
i am therefore writing to ask for a full refund
i am expecting to receive a cheque for 20 . 
yours faithfully
anne svensson
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . how could she manage to keep quiet about this ? this was the best thing that had ever happened for years to the fennall family to the fennall family for yeats . 
pat's sister-in-law was having a baby but she wanted to wait and tell the rest of the family . 
she realised that telling pat was a very bad idea but now it was done . pat was so happy the whole day and wanted to tell her mother but maria told her not to . 
maria was still a little bit shocked by the news that she would be having a baby . she and her husband peter had been trying for so long and now they had succeeded . 
many weeks went by and maria and pat didn't say a word about it . 
the rest of the family understood that something was wrong because pat started to buy baby clothes . which was very shocking for her mother . 
one day when they all sat down at the kitchen table to have their lunch pat said , 
- " maria and peter are going to have a baby " ! 
the end . 
dear sir or madam , 
i'm writing to you to complain about a play i have seen , called: " over the rainbow " . 
this show was very disappointing for me for many reasons . first of all , i was very surprised by the absence of the famous actor , danny brook , who was one of my reasons for booking a seat . also , i'm unhappy about the inaccurate information in your advertisement , which clearly says the play begins at 19 . 30 , instead of 20 . 15 like my evening's show . at the end of show , unfortunately for me and the other spectators , the worst thing happened: the theatre's restaurant was closed without any reasons being given and nobody came to us to apologise or advise us about another restaurant open late at night . 
that's why , in response to all these problems , i'm asking you to give back some money . i'm looking forward to having an answer from you . 
yours faithfully . 
boucher jean-pierre . 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . that's why all his friends were angry with him and left him alone . it was clear that pat had to change and show his friends that they could believe in him thoroughly . for those next few days , pat would do his best to be as sympathetic as possible . to begin with , every morning pat said a pleasant " hello " and added to that a big smile . his mother always says: " if you are smiling and are nice to people , people will be nice and will smile at you " . as pat always does what his mother says his friends began to play with him again , but not just his old friends , everybody wanted to play with him . the moral of the story here is very clear: be nice to people and people will respect you and will appreciate you as a friend . 
dear sir/madam , 
i'm writing to you following our visiting visit to your theatre last night . your advertisement in the newspaper said 'starring: danny brook and tina truelove' . i was disappointed when i found the actor wasn't danny brook ! 
and according to your advertisement , the show should have started at 19 . 30 but it didn't . it was 45 minutes late ! and also i couldn't buy tickets with my credit card but on the advertisement it said 'discounts available' . i was really annoyed by that ! 
after the show , we expected had planned to eat something in your restaurant , but it was closed ! i have no idea why ! 
we had a really unenjoyable time at your theatre . and i would like to know if it is possible to have our money back . 
thank you very much and i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours certainly sincerely , 
porawek phowrung . 
unfortunately pat wasn't good at keeping secrets . so one week later all the students in my class knew that i was an angel . really ! nobody believed her . . . nor me . 
but it's true . . . i'm an angel and i wanted to visit the earth . it's easy to do but the only rule was i could tell my secret to only one person . and if someone else knew , i wouldn't be able to go back to heaven unless i killed the person who told my secret . 
pat was the only person who i told my secret to but now it has become a joke ! i promised to myself . . . i would have to kill her ! 
i began to follow my plan . i went to pat's house but her brother told me that she wasn't there . i offered to wait . . . her brother and i began to talk . . . he's such a nice boy . i liked him very much and i guessed he liked me too . . . 
we started to go out at the same time as i started to change my mind . i don't want to go back to heaven anymore as long as i am with him . 
mr manager:
a few days ago i went to london to have a nice holiday . i was expecting to have fun , so i decided to go to the play " over the rainbow " , that's now showing in your theatre . i read the advertisement and i thought it was going to be a pleasant evening . 
from the beginning it was all a disappointment . when i went to buy the ticket i tried to get a discount with my student card , but that was not possible . i let this pass and i bought it anyway , thinking that it was possible that this was only a mistake in your advertisement . 
but the play started forty-five minutes late , and the star of the show , of whom i'm a great fan an who was the main reason for why i decided to see the play , had been changed for another actor , who turned out to be really bad . 
you will understand how upsetting all this was , and i decided to visit your restaurant , thinking that could save my visit to the theatre , but it was closed and i had to go back to my hotel feeling mad and hungry . 
i think you realise why i'm writing this letter to ask you to give me my money back . all the things that were promised in your advertisement were untrue , and it was definitely not the perfect evening out . 
expecting that you will resolve this misunderstanding . 
there's no doubt that modern technology has changed our lives , but how ? 
i think that some of the changes have been very good , like the improvement in medical science , which now can save millions of people that one hundred years ago were doomed to die or to live miserable lives . 
it has changed the ways people communicate . first the telegraph and the radio and now tv , the telephone and the internet allow people to be in contact with others really quickly , and distances aren't now so difficult to overcome . 
but technology has not only changed our lives in a good way , giving us things that can make our lives more comfortable , it has also created things that aren't bad , but if they are in the hands of the wrong people they can destroy the world . 
weapons and factories are destroying our planet and we need to realise that we have to use technology to improve our lives , while always trying to respect nature . 
dear madam/sir , 
i am writing to say i am not satisfied with your musical show . 
recently i have been interested in musical shows , because i have never seen them in my country . when i saw your advertisement for the show , it was so attractive to me . so i went to london to see the show . 
as i arrived there after 5 p . m . , i missed the first performance , so i decided to see the 19:30 p . m performance . but it started at 20:15 ! furthermore there were no student discounts ! 
the worst thing was that the actor and actress were not the people who had been written about in the advertisement , because of that i was extremely disappointed . so , i could not concentrate on the show . 
after the show , when i went to the restaurant it was closed , because it usually opens between afternoon and evening shows . 
it was a really disappointing evening ! so i am asking for some money back . 
i look forward to receiving your prompt reply . 
yours faithfully
chu jin-sun . 
how has modern technology changed your daily life ? it could be difficult to feel how many things have been changed in our daily life . but if you thought back to 10 years ago you could easily notice . 
i would like to see the change in an advantage and a disadvantage view , as an advantage , the modern technology is developing toward convenience for humans . 
so , you can contact other people with a mobile phone no matter where you are and you can correspond with other country people people in other countries in real time by using the internet . how incredible it is ! 
however there is not only this advantage but there are also lots of disadvantages . although the mobile phone is very useful in our life , it might be harmful for our brains because of microwave microwaves it can cause cancer or traffic accidents . in addition , the side effects of artificial farm products also can't be ignored in our daily life . 
so i would like to say that science and techology changed our daily life by giving us more convenience but it also could be dangerous . 
dear sir/madam , 
i am writing to complain about your advertisement concerning the musical show: " over the rainbow " . first of all , according to your advertisement , danny brook should have been one of the stars , instead there was a , to me , totally unknown actor . to make matters worse the musical started almost one hour later than it was supposed to start . 
your advertisement also failed to mention the fact that there were no discounts whatsoever and , finally , because of a shortage of staff , your restaurant was not open . 
this event was not what i call " a perfect evening out " , as your advertisement promised . i feel entitled to compensation for this event . i suggest a refund of the full price and i hope you are willing to take responsibility . 
yours faithfully
carolina patharius
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . it didn't take long for my embarrassing story to get out in the open . i asked myself how i could be so stupid , telling her my secret after all i had been going through to keep it to myself . but now the story was out , i just started to accept it . maybe it wasn't so bad after all ? all of a sudden i started to believe that this was the best solution of all . now i didn't need to go around worrying about it anymore . at once i felt more assertive and a big smile appeared on my face . i decided to thank pat , and maybe , if possible , teach her a lesson . 
that evening i went to her house . i pretended to be totally miserable . pat didn't know what to do . she apologised over and over again and i could really see that she was more than devastated . finally i smiled . after hugging each other we promised never to tell others about our secrets . especially not if it has to do with failing all your exams . . . . 
dear manager
a few days ago i went to the circle theatre to see a musical show which is showing in your theatre now . it made me very disappointed . there are several reasons that i was not happy about the musical . 
the first one i am going to complain about is the actor . i could not see danny brook during the show . there was a different actor instead of him . 
secondly , the times , it's on at 14 . 30 and 19 . 30 so i chose 19 . 30 . however , it was delayed and it started at 20 . 15 . also , i had a student identification card to get a discount on the ticket price but it was unavailable to discount discounts were unavailable . the theatre restaurant was closed after the show , they said funds had run out . 
those are totally unacceptable so i would like to get paid for my ticket cost . i ask you to transfer money into this account . barclays bank 1010-10 1234567
jon sun . 
yours faithfully
how has modern technology changed your daily life ? 
first of all it's difficult say what exactly modern technology is now but i can say for sure it keeps developing and much better than the past . think about the computer , the speed of computer computers is much faster than before . i couldn't even imagine our p . c could be that fast . 
also t . vs , i guess that i would not have been able to watch colour t . v if i was born in 1960 . t . v colour only consisted of white and black . 
nowadays , technology keeps developing and better technology gives us an easier life . 
another example , the internet . this is a revolution which has changed our daily life . 
you can do shopping on the internet and it might be the fastest way to gather any information you would like to find . 
however , it can also make our life very lazy . this is one other important thing to remember . 
people who have their own car , don't attempt to walk even if it is a short distance . 
the improvement of technology can makes our life easy and on the other hand it can also make our life lazy . 
dear manager of the theatre , 
i went to the circle theatre to see a musical show , over the rainbow . i really looked forward to the musical show , but it was a disappointing show . 
firstly , your advertisement said there were danny brook and tina truelove , but it had different actors to my disappointment . secondly , it said the show started at 19:30 , but it delayed was delayed until 20:15 . i had to wait 45 minutes , wasting time . 
thirdly , tickets were 10 , 15 and 20 , and i knew that these were available on discount , following the advertisement . but it was impossible . 
and i wanted to visit your theatre restaurant after the show but it was closed . though they said it was possible to visit the theatre restaurant after the show , they didn't prepare it at all . even if one of your woman officer annoyed my question , i asked that why they didn't prepare restaurant , as if they advertised like that . but she was annoyed me . 
you said it would be a perfect evening , but it wasn't . it was an upsetting evening . so i ask you for money back . i couldn't be satisfied with your theatre . i hope you accept my suggestion . 
in the hope that you understand me . 
elsy sun . 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . 
pat tells others' secrets to everyone easily . 
at first , when he had a girlfriend , they talked to each other frankly . his girlfriend talked to him about everything . 
that was because she trusted him . but after they separated , he told his friends her secrets without thinking . 
and when his friend , j , had a big problem , j asked pat and his friend for help . it was about his private problem , related to his friendships in the whole school . 
if he had told everybody , j would have been blamed by the whole school . but he forgot it and told his friends . actually it was not on purpose , but , sometimes , pat mistakes to speak someone's secrets . though it was not on purpose , it makes his friends leave him . they can't trust him . pat also regrets his telling secrets . it could be difficult for him to change himself . it is like one of his bad habits . 
poor pat , now he is blamed by everyone such as the people who he told their secrets whose secrets he told to everybody . 
dear sir
during my holidays in london i went to see your musical show . 
it was a very unpleasant evening . first of all , it had said in the advertisement that danny brook was starring in this show . but someone else performed instead of him . the other actor was very disappointing . 
the second problem was the start of the show . it began at 20:15 and not at 19:30 ! that's almost an hour later . i had read that there would be some discounts available , but i received none of them . 
the restaurant should have been opened open when i came out , but it was closed because of the time the show finished . 
it wasn't a perfect evening at all . i hope you can understand my disappointment and why i ask for my money back . 
faithfully yours , 
nowadays , nobody can live without technology . 
my day , for example , begins with a lot of noise . the alarm on my radio wakes me up at half past six . 
i get up , go to the kitchen and prepare myself something to eat in the microwave . 
after breakfast i have to use my car to get to school . without my car i would always arrive late . at school the computer has become an important new tool . i use it to make compositions , to print some pictures or to surf the internet . after school i relax in front of the tv and talk a lot with my friends on the telephone . 
without technology i would get really bored . 
now , i lose less time and can use technology to enjoy myself . 
dear sir , 
i am writing to complain about a musical that is taking place at the circle theatre . i was worried when i saw the advertisement for the musical in a newspaper on sunday . 
the first problem was when i read who was starring . it said: 'danny brook' . but , when i was watching the play , i realised that it was a different actor and , really , i was disappointed . another problem was the time that i had to wait . i thought it would be at 19 . 30 and i waited for forty-five minutes ! ! besides this , i could not go to the restaurant in the theatre because it was closed . in addition to this , i did not have any discount on my ticket . so , i had to pay a lot of money to see a play that was a complete disaster . 
to sum up , i did not have a perfect evening . i think that it was the worst i have ever had . to conclude , i would like to have my money back . 
yours faithfully
manuela belabara
just be yourself
in the future people will be wearing fashionable clothes like now . people will be very worried about what they wear . 
on the one hand , there will be people who will wear fashionable clothes . these people will be worried about what they look like . on the other hand , there will be fewer people who will wear whatever they like . 
nowadays , people always seem to be worried . all the time they are asking what they look like and they waste a lot of money on clothes . 
on the whole , clothes will not change . in my opinion , people will attach importance to how their personalities develop and they will give up worrying about what they wear . they will have enough money to buy what they need and to be happy with it . 
dear sir , 
i am writing to you to complain about the musical show called " over the rainbow " 
as a matter of fact , i wanted to see danny brook , who i appreciate a lot and i was very disappointed that he wasn't there . besides , the actor who filled for him in in for him was unknown and specially boring . 
secondly , the show was meant to begin at 19 . 30 pm , actually it began at 20 . 15 pm and that was without giving any explanations explanation ! 
your advertisement mentioned that discounts were available , however , when i asked the staff about them they replied that there weren't any discounts ! 
after the show , i wanted to visit your restaurant and , once again , i was disappointed because it was closed . nobody could explain to me why ! 
i can assure you that it wasn't a perfect evening out and i got very annoyed about this evening which could have been wonderful . 
that is the reason i would like you to refund my money . i hope you will take notice of this complaint . i am looking forward to hearing from you as soon as possible . 
yours faithfully , 
my daily life changed in some ways when i got the hang of using new technologies . 
when i started work , i wrote everything i did on sheets of paper and if sometimes i made mistakes , i had to cross them out and it wasn't very well-done well done . i had to work out all my figures two times to make sure that my accounts were accurate . 
now , i enter data and i don't need anymore to calculate my figures to calculate my figures anymore , the work is completely done done completely by computer and in addition there are no mistakes . 
if i have to find a timetable , it is very useful to have the opportunity to see them on the internet , besides , it is the quickest way ! in the beginning , i wasted a lot of time getting some information i needed because i didn't know exactly where i had to look for it . but after a while you gain experience and you soon get used to this kind of research . 
another thing that has changed my daily life is the mobile phone . as a matter of fact , if i am stuck in my car in traffic , i can call my boyfriend to tell him that i will be late . once , i saw an accident and i could call the police . sometimes the ring is annoying but , finally , the mobile phone is a great , handy object . 
dear sir or madam , 
i am writing to complain about the musical " over the rainbow " , which i went to see on the 16th of june . 
firstly , the actor supposed was supposed to be danny brook , but he was not , it was another actor , who i have never seen before , so , as you can imagine , i was very disappointed . 
another complaint is about the time that the show started . the advertisement said it started at 19:30 , but it did not . we had to wait 45 minutes . it was terrible . 
now , about the tickets , there were different prices but there were no discounts , and because of this , many people could not see the show , especially students . 
finally , when the show finished , and i have to say , a bit late , i went to the theatre's restaurant to eat something but this place was closed because the chef had already gone . 
as i have explained , it was not the perfect evening that i expected to have and i would like to have my money back for the reasons that i mentioned above . 
looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours faithfully , 
pat , maria's best friend
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets , so maria was very disappointed when she realised that manuel knew the truth about the feelings that maria had for him , in fact , she was so angry she could almost kill , but , she couldn't because pat was her best friend . 
maria talked to pat about the stupid thing that she had done , but pat refused to apologising apologise to her , because she felt it wasn't a mistake and she did it for only one reason: to help maria to get the man that she loved . maria was speechless , it was the first time that she didn't know what to do , so she decided to stop talking to pat . 
after 3 weeks , maria got ill so she was not able to go to school . all her friends phoned her every day , except pat , the only friend that maria really loved . despite that , she was not sad . one day , when maria was sitting in her bedroom , someone knocked on the door . it was manuel . he was worried about her . maria was nervous , but , for the first time , she could talk to him as she never had before , and at the end of the day , she was the happiest person in the world . she had her first kiss and she had pat's friendship back ; after all , everything happened because of her . 
dear manager
yesterday i went to " the circle theatre " to see the musical show " over the rainbow " . i'm very disappointed with this evening . the first thing was that it started 45 minutes late . and when it finally started , it wasn't danny brook who played performed . there was a different actor and he was really bad . you should have informed us before that you'd changed the actor . on the advertisement you wrote that discounts are available but they weren't . after the show i wanted to drink something in your theatre restaurant but when i arrived it was closed because the show started too late ! i'm so disappointed ! i wanted to have a pleasant evening while i'm here in london for a week's holiday . so i ask you sincerely for my money back because it wasn't a perfect evening out . 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . i told her that my parents are getting divorced and that i will move to chicago with my mother . we are in high school together in california and this is our last year . we wanted to study biology here in los angeles with some other friends but now my plans have changed and i have to leave them . 
one day , pat and i were going home , when she asked me if i would give a party before i go . i had to tell her that i didn't have the time to organise anything because we , my mother and i , had to get our stuff ready to move . she wasn't very surprised and soon i'd forgotten her question . the year was coming to an end . on monday in our last week pat asked me if i wanted to eat supper at her house . i thought it was a good idea and we went home . but when we got into the house there were all my friends ! we had a great evening because pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets ! 
dear mr. ( . . . ) , 
my name is . . . two weeks ago my family and i visited london . during our stay we saw a bright advertisement for your theatre and decided to see this latest and best musical show ( as it said in your advertisement ) . actually , i must say that it wasn't our perfect evening out ! 
in your advertisement it said that in the main roles there would be danny brook and tina truelove . danny wasn't there ! instead there was a different actor whose performance was disappointing . 
the show was supposed to begin at 19 . 30 , but in fact it started at 20 . 15 and we had to wait for 45 minutes in a great noise . 
some words about the tickets: your advertisement said that discounts were available so we didn't have money with us . when we arrived , the administration of the theatre said that discounts are not available . 
finally , when we decided to visit your theatre restaurant after the show , it was closed ( all the staff went home because the show lasted 45 minutes longer ) . 
for all these reasons , i would like you to give me at least half of my money back . 
with hope for a mutual agreement , mrs . ( . . . ) . 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . it was may 15 - our english teacher's birthday . marion was our favourite school teacher and we decided to organise a surprise for her . 
a month before we began to prepare for this day and we all agreed to keep it a secret . we had been discussing for a long time what to give her . there were a lot of proposals from the students: one suggested a vase , another a good pen ( he said it would be useful for the teacher ) . but we decided to buy a picture , because she had always told us about art galleries with great excitement . 
we chose the best one with a beautiful nature scene in it . 
we also decided to arrange a party on her birthday ( and it had to be a surprise too ) . 
the day before her birthday we had an english lesson , and after the lesson pat went up to marion and told her about our surprise . he was bad-tempered and envious and he didn't want everything to be all right , and besides he didn't like marion . that's why he disappointed marion and us . 
dear manager
my name is sally smith . i went to see a musical show last wednesday . i had a very disappointing evening . 
in the advertisement you said " danny brook " is the actor but it wasn't him . it was somebody else . i went to see the show because i like danny brook . the person that appeared instead of denny was not very good . 
the show supposed was supposed to start at 19 . 30 pm but it started at 20 . 15 pm . it was very late . we had to wait nearly an hour . staff did not tell us why it started late . 
when i bought tickets , they did not discount at all . i asked them about discounts because i read about them in the advertisement . 
they ignored me . we bought tickets without a discount . i don't know whether they offered a discount to somebody else or not . 
after the show we went to the theatre restaurant but it was closed . it closed at 11 pm . it was not our fault that we went in after 11 pm . the show finished late . the restaurant should stay open until the show finishes . 
it was not a perfect evening at all . could i please have my money back ? it was 60 for the tickets . i was very disappointed about this . i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely 
sally . smith . 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . she is one of my friends at school . she is very nice , clever , polite and friendly . everybody loves her . if you have any problems , she can give you some suggestions . if you want her to keep them secret , do not tell her . she cannot keep secrets . this is her bad point . she always tells someone else about it . 
last week , tim told pat about his serious problem . he wanted pat to keep it between them but pat did not keep her promise . she told us about it . when tim found out that we knew his problem and we tried to help him , he was very angry with pat . he won't talk to pat at all . basically , tim did not know that pat was not very good at keeping secrets . 
she does not know when she can speak or not speak . we are so worried about her future . she has not a lot of friends because of this point . 
dear sir or madam , 
i was on a week's holiday in london and i went to the theatre to see " over the rainbow " . i must say that your musical show was very disappointing for me . 
" over the rainbow " looked very interesting in your advertisement but the organisation and show were almost terrible . 
first of all , i expected to see danny brook , but i saw a different actor and that was a big disappointment for me . 
secondly , the show started at quarter past eight . this is a forty-five minutes forty-five-minute delay . 
moreover , there were not any discounts and all of the tickets were the same prices price . 
at the end , your theatre restaurant was closed for unknown reasons , but in the advertisement it was clearly stated :
" visit our theatre restaurant after the show " . that was cruel , because i was very hungry after the show . 
at the end of this letter i would like to ask if you can refund my money . i will be very pleased if you can do so . i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours faithfully 
the twentieth century was a century of inventions . some of them are big and some of them are small , but they affect our lives in the same way . technology made makes our life different than the life of people , for example , living in the nineteenth century . 
modern technology makes our lives different , maybe better . often people do not see how it affects our lifestyle . useful things like tv sets , radios , computers , stereos and cars - we are dealing with them every day . they help us with daily life and make it more pleasant . transport and communication without cars , trains , planes and telephones would not exist would not exist without cars , trains , planes and telephones . we know our world from tv screens and computer monitors . without these , and newspapers of course , knowing our world could be hard . on the other hand people are suffering from modern diseases like addiction to television or computers . in the end finally , we must mention modern medicine . it saves our lives from ancient and modern diseases . 
to sum up , modern technology changed our daily life . mine too . i don't think i could live a normal life without these inventions . they are like the air i breathe . i am asking myself - am i a sick man ? 
i would like to have some information about the advertisement for the show . 
first of all , why did the show begin at 20:15 , not at 19:30 as indicated in the advertisement . i waited almost one hour to see the show , and what happened with the actor ? i came to that show only to see him and when the actor appeared , it was another one . there is more ! where were the discounts that i should have had ? i was very disappointed with that ! after the show my son wanted to eat some biscuits and when i saw the restaurant closed , i gave up . i told my son that we'll never come back here again . 
the restaurant was closed because there wasn't any electricity . you should close the theatre until the restaurant can be used . i was totally unsatisfied with the theatre and i would like to have my money back if that's possible . 
i thank you for reading my letter . i hope you write to me back back to me , and don't forget my money ! 
i am writing what i think the kind of clothes people will wear 100 years from now will be like . 
as we see , the fashions are changing every hour . people are inventing new kinds of clothes and people are buying and wearing different clothes . it is difficult to say how people will be wearing clothes 100 years from now . 
in each country , each people wears different kinds of clothes , for example , people in brazil wear shorts , t-shirts or go without them ; in saudi arabian they wear strange clothes , if you analyse them from the point of view of someone who doesn't live in saudi arabia . i'm quite sure that people all around the world will be wearing very different clothes in the future because people , especially women , who like to be very elegant and beautiful , will create and invent all kinds of clothes to anybody and that's it . 
dear mr. brown , 
my name is anne singler and i have watched the musical " over the rainbow " in the circle theatre . i'm writing to you because i wasn't pleased with the show ! in your advert for the musical you promised the newest and best musical show , but it wasn't . first i was very disappointed about the price of the ticket because i expected to pay a lower price than 20 for my six-year-old daughter . then the show actually started at 20:15 and not at 19:30 ! i was quite bored , sitting in my chair and waiting for the beginning of the show . 
for me the most disappointing problem was that the star danny brook wasn't there . my husband was also looking forward to seeing mr. brook as an actor in your musical because he is one of his greatest fans . the actor who acted instead of danny brook wasn't as good as mr. brook . 
after the show , which wasn't really the best i have ever seen , my family and i wanted to get some snacks in the theatre restaurant . when we arrived at the restaurant we realised that it was closed because the cook was ill . after this last point of troubles we went home with only bad memories of this evening . 
so i want to ask you to give me my money back because i think i would have been better off spending my money on something else . 
i hope you understand my point of view and write back . 
yours , 
the secret
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . 
one day her best friend sally told her that she had betrayed her boyfriend . pat was really shocked to hear this but she had to promise sally to keep quiet . pat really liked chatting about others and so she wasn't able to keep quiet about sally's secret . she told it to her boyfriend paul . after that paul turned white in the face , he was pale like a wall and it seemed that he was very nervous . pat couldn't understand paul's reaction and so she didn't worry about it . 
some weeks later when pat was walking to school she met sally , who had just come out of paul's house . now pat realized what was going on and could understand why her boyfriend got so nervous about the secret . he was sally's lover ! 
in this moment pat wished that she never had had never been keen on knowing secrets ! 
sir manager , 
my name is sandre atos , i am writing to you because last weekend i went to the theatre you manage , to see what was called " london's newest and best musical show " . however , i must say , it was quite the opposite . 
first of all , danny brook , an excellent actor , who ( according to the play advertisement ) was supposed to perform , was replaced by a disappointing actor . besides that the spectacle was set up meant to start at 19:30 , but ended up starting at 20:15 . in addition to all this , the promised discounts on the tickets were not offered . finally , after the play the theatre restaurant was still closed . sir , i couldn't believe it , everything that was in the advertisement was a lie . 
i was told that i would have a perfect evening , though instead of that i had a terrible one . that's why i am writing to ask for some money back ; i believe i have this right . 
some people glorify technology as if it was the best thing that has ever happened in their lives . however , since i was a child i have noticed that , except for the medical facilities and achievements , it has brought me more disadvantages than advantages . i still remember the day the television came to my house . i was only seven , everybody was excited about the new " toy " , however , what seemed to be only one more way to get together , turned out to rule our lives . unfortunately my parents did not realize how tv was creating a role among us . before tv , we used to spend our nights playing cards , telling jokes , talking to each other . nowadays , i barely know my parents , but i do know exactly what is happening in the soap operas . on the other hand , due to scientific developments , i am getting better , recovering from asthma . in addition to this it is wonderful not to have to wait too long to eat , thanks to the invention of microwaves . despite all these advantages , i deeply miss the times i had almost no technological devices , but a very happy and united family . 
17/6/00
dear sir/madam
i had a very disappointing evening last saturday . i had everything planned ; my family and i were coming to watch your show and then have a decent meal at your theatre restaurant but it was disastrous . firstly there was no discount available , though you promised one in your advertisement , so even my 6-year-old son was charged the adult price . then everything was going well until the show didn't start ! supposedly it was to start at 19:30 . well it didn't . it started 45 minutes late , at exactly 20:15 . and by the way may i ask you how up-to-date your leaflets are because in spite of the advert saying the starring actor was danny brook , it wasn't . it was another actor and one i had never heard of . that was a disappointment for my whole family , in fact . in fact all the audience were very disappointed . 
anyway the show was nowhere near as good as it was meant to be and it was definitely worse than i had expected it to be . i didn't enjoy it at all so i was relying on the food to fill me up and relieve some of my stress . so as soon as the show was over we walked out and followed all the signs for about 5 minutes , desperately searching for your restaurant , our stomachs rumbling for food . finally we found the place . the location is far too far away and , what would you know ? , the place is closed for restoration , and it has been for two weeks ! and your booking staff didn't know this obviously as they took our booking , with no hesitation whatsoever . they even gave us a table number . 
what kind of an organisation do you call this , sir/madam ? you don't understand how disappointed and angry i was that night . i was expecting a perfect night out but i came face to face with a total nightmare . and i am demanding a refund . 
thank you for your time and attention . 
yours faithfully . 
the revealed secret
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . in fact he was one of the principal busybodies of his neighbourhood and his school so not a lot of people in his school liked him . this was a very bad thing about pat's school and also for pat . another bad thing about this school was that there were different types of students that formed groups . some were just friendship groups but others took it seriously , maybe just a bit too seriously . they gave themselves names and acted like gangs rather than just groups of friends , and started picking on younger people , or members of other gangs , trying to start fights with them . this went on and on , got more and more serious , but it was so secret that the teachers didn't notice . 
one day one of those groups decided to have a party and although pat wasn't in their group they invited him too but told him very firmly to keep it a secret , especially from the other groups . but pat was so excited that he forgot all about the secret and told all of his best mates . and the word spread like wildfire and by the end of the day virtually everyone knew about this party . but luckily for pat the word did not return to the group having the party . everyone in the year was annoyed , but not with pat , oh , no ! with the group having the party . no one could do anything about it , except a few psycho groups . some of the more serious ones decided to raid this party , just for the fun and meanness of it . 
that night the party commenced . everyone was enjoying themselves except pat , who had heard about the raid . so he was thinking up an excuse to go home early . but no excuses were working . everyone was drunk and they simply would not let him go . time was ticking away . he knew the attack was coming any minute . 
the time had come . the who groups had combined their forces and were ready to strike . they had water bombs and water pistols at the ready . they started charging down the field towards the fire and once in range everyone threw their balloons as far as they could . they all exploded with loud splashes . the group having the party thought this was a serious attack and started throwing stones back and shooting everyone with bb guns . lots of people were injured and even more were suspended the next day at school , when the headmaster found out what had happened . 
pat received no punishment at all and he wasn't blamed for anything by his teachers or friends . but he felt awful because he knew that all this had happened because of him . 
london , 20th may , 2000
circle theatre
dear sir/madam , 
i am just writing this letter in order to complain about the musical show i saw last sunday , in the evening . 
firstly , i became was very disappointed because of the actor , who was different from the one advertised in your advertisement , danny brook was not starring . 
secondly , i was ready at 19:30 , as you had advertised , and i had to stay waiting in front of the theatre until 20:15 , when the show finally began . 
worst of all , at the end of the musical , i went to your theatre restaurant , in order having to have dinner , because i had left home without eating and so i was hungry at that time . 
so , you can't believe how disappointed i was when i saw that it was closed , with no explanation . 
finally , i would like to tell you that i am asking for my money back , because i had an evening totally displeased unpleasant a totally unpleasant evening , completely different from what you had announced promised in your advertisement . 
so , i look forward to hearing from you soon . 
yours sincerely , 
how has modern technology changed your daily life ? 
first of all , modern technology has changed my daily life in the last five years more quickly than in ancient times , or even than a decade ago . 
i came to notice the difference at work , since all tasks had changed to were performed on the computer and i needed to learn how to use that machine . 
in addition , at university teachers do not accept any more written tasks done by hand written tasks done by hand any more , but only those written on a computer . also , teachers began to ask us for a lot of articles which were to be copied through of the internet . 
at that time , i decided to buy my own computer and every day i was improving my knowledge . first i became came to write letters and articles , next i learned several computer games . from when i learned how to use the internet , i haven't stopped until now . 
nowadays , i can't go one day without consulting computer communications through via e-mail or the internet . i exchange correspondences correspondence with all my family via the internet , with my mother and 2 brothers who live in curitilra city and also with a brother who lives in italy and another who is living in new zealand . 
on balance , i can affirm that i couldn't without this modern technology today . my life wouldn't be the same without this progress . 
dear sir or madam , 
i am writing to you to complain about , , over the rainbow " , the musical show which took place in the circle theatre several weeks ago . 
first of all , the advertisement for the shows provided absolutely false information about the cast . danny brook , who should appear have appeared according to your advertisement , was replaced by another actor and that disappointed me . the show should start at 19 . 30 . however , the audience waited for forty five forty-five minutes . also , in the advertisement you mentioned discounts which were not provided . the theatre restaurant was closed that evening and i had not received did not receive an explanation why . on the whole , the evening was boring and disappointing . 
based on everything listed above , i would like to receive get the 10 which i paid back . the ticket for the show is enclosed . 
look forward to hearing from you soon . 
yours faithfully , 
how has modern technology changed my life ? 
new technologies have become a part of our lives . there are a lot of arguments about whether this influence is negative or positive . nevertheless , it has affected every person and hopefully in a good way . 
personally , i consider modern technologies to be a positive innovation . using a microwave oven or vacuum cleaner saves me a lot of time . 
a computer is extremely helpful with writing reports and essays . and , of course , i cannot forget about cars and planes that take us to all parts of the earth . 
however , many people insist that new technologies affect people in a negative way . i would prefer seeing my father talking to his family instead of staring at blue screen of tv . but also i am not able to imagine my life without this nice way of receiving news with help of it . 
counting the pros and cons , i tend to think that there are more positive points to working out and manufacturing new technologies than negative ones anyway . a modern girl or boy is already unable to imagine life without them . 
dear sir or madam , 
i am writing to complain about a show that i saw at your theatre . 
first of all , danny brook was supposed to act , but he was replaced by another actor . this situation made me feel very disappointed . 
secondly , the show should have started at 19:30 p . m . , and it began forty-five minutes late . 
moreover , when i went to buy the tickets no discounts were available . 
furthermore , i wanted to have a coffee after the show , but when i tried to get to the theatre restaurant , it was closed . a police officer who was there told me that the manager of the restaurant was ill and that he wouldn't allow anyone to open it . 
this was the worst night that i had during my stay in london . 
for all these reasons , i want you to refund the cost of the tickets and to send the money to my house . 
yours faithfully
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . her school classmates were going to throw their friend maria a party and it was going to be a surprise for her . they organized everything . the event was going to take place in the garden at paula's house . some of them were in charge of bringing music . the others had to bring food . that afternoon they arrived at paula's house to decorate the place . balloons and coloured lights were put in all the trees . a table was laid with a lot of delicious food and a beautiful cake was in the centre of it . some time later everything was finally prepared . the garden was wonderful . the children were very enthusiastic because they thought that maria was going to be very happy with this surprise . but things didn't happen as they had planned . because when maria reached the house , they realised that she had been told about the party and they supposed that pat had done this . 
dear sir/madam , 
i am writing to make a complaint about the show 'over the rainbow' . 
during my stay in london i went to your theatre to see this show . though it said in your advertisement the show stars danny brook there was a different actor on stage . that is not the only problem . 
the show was meant to start at 19:30 , but it started at 20:15 . you promised that there would be discounts , but when i arrived , i found out that they were not available . 
i wanted to go to your restaurant . i invited a friend of mine and promised her that we would go there . and what i found out your was your restaurant was closed . 
you promised that if we went to your show we would have a perfect evening . everything was just the reverse . i am very disappointed . that is why i am asking you for compensation . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours faithfully , 
unfortunately , pat was not very good at keeping secrets . 
it happened at the end of the school year . my class was going to a nightclub and i wanted to go there too . i asked my parents if i could go , but they did not let me do that . i tried to persuade them , said that nothing would happen to me , promised to do all the housework . but all they did was tell me that i am to young for that and i can go there only when i am 20 years old . 
i had such a desire to go to the disco that i decided to go even without my parents' permission . i told my secret to my best friend , pat . but she told it to every kid in school , even the teachers heard it . it occurred happened that one of the teachers told my parents about it . in the end i was punished and stayed at home for two weeks . 
i understood that i must keep my secrets and not tell anybody , even my best friend . 
dear manager of the circle theatre , 
while i was staying in london for a holiday , i went to the circle theatre to see over the rainbow in the evening . that made me feel disappointed . 
first of all , the actor was different from the one mentioned in your advertisement . i mean he was not danny brook . secondly , it took times to wait about forty-five minutes , because it started at 20:15 . it should be on time at 19:30 . then it had no discounts , which the advertisement said so . due to being a student , i think i should have got the discount on your ticket price with my id card . besides this , the theatre restaurant early closed closed early . as soon as the show ended , i went there to have a dessert . 
lastly , i don't think that it was my perfect evening . i would like to get my money back . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours faithfully , 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . griffin , who is a teacher , wasn't surprised at our preparation . it was very close to his birthday , so we made a decision to hold a small party for him . 
she has just studied had just been studying with us for three weeks . she is not talkative , but kind and reserved . however , at this party she came to she was responsible for preparing food . as far as we knew , she was good at cooking . 
while she was choosing vegetables at a market , she came across him . when he asked her , ' why do you choose carefully ? ' , she answered without thinking . that caused the secret to be disclosed . 
we didn't blame her , because we knew that she didn't intend to act like that . although he wasn't surprised , he was glad and pleased with our party . anyway , happy birthday to griffin , again . 
dear sir or madam , 
i am writing to complain about your show which was advertised in the last edition of " plays " . i am afraid that reality had nothing common with the things i expected to find . 
first of all , the prices weren't lower in any cases although you advertised the information like that . then , i expected the show to start on time , but it turned out that i had to wait 45 minutes . moreover , when the play started at last , i couldn't look at the actors . in particular i was disappointed by danny brook , who made me nervous with his lack of talent . 
according to your advertisement , there was an opportunity to have dinner in your restaurant , but i was surprised when i found it closed . after that , i should also mention that this evening was dull , boring and the worst in my life . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you and i insist that you refund my money at once . 
yours faithfully , 
comeback return to paradise
there is no doubt that fashion affects people and makes them obsessed with this subject , but what more can be designed ? can you imagine a trend which would be as shocking as it has never been ? 
clothes are part of each culture and one of those things which express our taste and personality . people spend a lot of money to buy something extraordinary , feel comfortable and stand out . they come up with many ideas but it can't last for a long time . nowadays , it's getting obvious that designers sell only details , and significant changes don't turn up . styles mix , colours and shapes come back from the past , and only the fabrics are different . 
people look for something new but it is not so easy to be creative all the time . teenagers are bored with casual fashion and their parents laugh at them because of the fact they wear ordinary clothes . that's why i believe in the solution which is the closest to human nature and can help us to avoid boredom . i am sure that eventually we will take off our clothes and in the future we will be undressed and free . there won't be any problem with being up-do-date . 
as was previously stated , i am convinced that the reality will turn out to be a paradise where the most important thing will be the body and the purity of our soul . 
dear sir or madam , 
i am writing in connection with the musical show i saw in your theatre a week ago . 
although the show was supposed to be london's newest and best musical show , i was rather disappointed with it . firstly , i was really looking forward to seeing danny brook and tina truelove on the stage . however , you changed actors without informing the audience . 
as if this were not enough , the show was forty-five minutes late . your leaflet was rather misleading on this subject . 
according to your leaflet , tickets were supposed to be a bit cheaper , but i was refused a discount . 
on top of everything , the theatre restaurant was closed . 
you can imagine how disappointed i was to have such an imperfect evening . i demand a full refund or i will be forced to take this matter further . 
i look forward to receiving your prompt reply . 
yours faithfully , 
recently , we had a very interesting discussion about how science and technology affects our lives . my life has also changed as a result of modern technology . thanks to computers , phones , mobile phones , and the internet i can communicate with other people faster than i was able to before . my father is a sailor and i see him only four times a year . but thanks to mobile phones i can contact him even if he is sailing in the atlantic ocean . i also enjoy shopping on the internet . this way i don't have to be queuing in shops and supermarkets and i can choose fashionable clothes . in the future i would love to be a doctor , especially a cardiologist . nowadays , modern technology is used in medicine more often and it can minimise the risk of the death of the patients . 
however , i can see some disadvantages of technological progress . first of all , i spend too much time indoors playing on the computer or watching tv . i know that if i want to keep fit and stay healthy , i must take up some sport . moreover , modern technology has made our environment more polluted . that's why we should ban cars from city centres , and close down factories which produce too much waste . although modern progress has made our life easier , it may also be harmful . we should all be aware of these consequences of modern technology and use it wisely . 
dear sir/madam , 
i went to the circle theatre to see the musical show " over the rainbow " . unfortunately , i had a very disappointing evening , because very little of what was offered in the advertisements was provided . 
firstly , we were informed that danny brook was starring but a different actor was starring in the show and he was really disappointing . secondly , in the advertisement it was said said that the show was to start at 19:30 . however , it started at 20:15 , almost an hour late . thirdly , it was said said that discounts were available but we were again frustrated , seeing they were not available . finally , although we were informed that the theatre restaurant would be open after the show , it was closed because the show had started late . 
as you can see , most of the offered activities in the advertisements were not provided . we did not have " a perfect evening " as it was said said , actually we had an evening full of the theatre's mistakes and were extremely disappointed . i think it will be better for your theatre's reputation to give at least some of my money back . 
yours sincerely faithfully , 
my life and modern technology
here we are , in the 21st century . . . we live in a technologically well-developed world , having every opportunity for communication , education and entertainment . almost everyone has televisions , computers and electronic devices . but how has modern technology changed our lives ? 
if i were to talk about my own life , my speech would be simple: " my electronic alarm clock wakes me up in the morning . i go to school by underground . when i come home , i cook my meal in the microwave . in my spare time , i watch television , play with my computer , or chat on the internet . . . " there is no sentence without electronic devices . i wonder what i could do without them . . . i don't go out with my friends or read books . i have friends on the internet and can learn anything while surfing it . i sometimes get bored or feel isolated , because i know i am living in a virtual world . 
when i look at my life , i can understand i am dependent on the machines . my daily life is programmed to the virtual world i created . modern technology has changed my life completely . 
dear sir or madam ! 
i'm writing to you because of the musical show " over the rainbow " , which i saw on friday the 16th of june in your theatre . there are several points i have to complain about which meant the evening was not nice at all . 
first the show started much later than was advertised . instead of half past seven the show started at quarter past eight . i couldn't go to get any refreshment for two reasons , the first one is that there was no information about how long the start of the show was going to be late by . the second reason is that the theatre restaurant was closed for the next two months because of building plans . 
after i waited for about 45 minutes the show suddenly started but i realised that the main actor danny brook , who was the reason why i went to the show , had been replaced by another actor , who couldn't sing half as well as brook . 
on your tickets information is written that discounts are available , when i asked at the ticket office i couldn't get any discount for being a student . 
to conclude , the evening in your theatre and the show was very disappointing and not like the one promised . for these reasons i want to ask you for my money , 25 , back . 
reasently 
miss . winkler
what is the prize ? 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . he didn't want to say what sarah had just told him , it just came out of his mouth , when he talked to james . " sarah has won in a quiz show ? " james was more than just interested , he wanted to know what she had won . but pat made a promise not to tell anybody about the quiz show and he had already told enough . 
after one hour the whole class had heard about sarah's secret . everybody was interested in what she had won but nobody wanted to ask sarah because it was told as a secret to them . sarah realized that everybody was nice and friendly to her but something was going on in the class , when she turned around talking and whispering started . suddenly , she went to pat and asked him , " did you tell anybody about our secret ? " pat told her everything . sarah looked at him for a while , then she stood in front of the class and explained to the others that she had won a prize for 20 people to travel for 1 week to the coast of southern france and every one of the 19 pupils was invited , except pat who wasn't very good at keeping secrets . 
dear sir/madam , 
i am writing to make a complaint about your theatre and the musical show " over the rainbow " . 
firstly , in your advertisement you said that danny brook has a part in the show , but there was a different actor in the play . this fact disappointed me a lot . secondly , it was said said in the advertisement that the show begins at 19 . 30 , however , it started at 20 . 15 . 
according to the advertisement , discounts should have been available but , in fact , i was refused a discount . it was very uncomfortable for me . in addition to this , your theatre restaurant was closed because it was too late ( the show did not start on time ) . everybody who came to its doors had to go to the other restaurant in a bad mood . i could have understood this if the musical show had been marvellous , but it was not even quite interesting . 
furthermore , i would like you to return my money . you promised me a perfect evening out , but it was one of the most terrible in my life . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours faithfully , 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . she was a 25-year-old secretary in a big company . her boss was a rich man , really rich . his name was timson white . he was one of the most famous people in the city , but he wasn't honest with his clients . pat had worked for him for two years . certainly she knew a lot of secrets . one of them was about her boss's private life: he had an illegitimate son . 
timson's wife , who was good-looking and young , couldn't know about this , but one beautiful day she asked him how his son was and where he was at that moment . timson was really shocked ! he couldn't even say a word . he tried to think who could have given have told his wife . of course , only one person knew this apart from his best friends . this was his secretary pat , however , he couldn't be sure and decided to check up . 
the next day , he understood that he was right . timson had a row at home and also needed a new secretary . it was the worst weekend of the last few years . on the other hand , now everything is ok . timson has a good close family , his son lives with them , his company is making a good profit . . . only pat has problems , she should earn her living in other company again ! 
17/06/2000
mr smith , 
i write to you because last friday i had a very disappointing evening at your theatre . i went there because i had read a banner about the musical show " over the rainbow " , but a lot of information was wrong . 
last week i was in london with my friends and we decided to go to the theatre to see the famous danny brook act . 
but when we arrived at 2 . 00 pm to see the 2 . 30 pm show , we couldn't enter the theatre because the discounts weren't available . so we returned in the evening and we waited 45 minutes for the beginning of the show ! not only that : we had the bad surprise that brook had been substituted replaced by another actor ! 
i ask you if it is possible to have my money back , please , because i want to forget that expense . thank you . 
yours faithfully
modern technology can't not transform our daily life . 
the inventions of the aeroplane , of the train and of the car , have reduced the distances of the world , so we can go to the other side of the world in half a day . it means that daily life is faster and busier because i'm able to go to school in the morning and then to play soccer in the afternoon , and in a few minutes i can be on the other side of lecce to play piano with my band , then i can go back home when i want , listening to the news about what has happened around the world on my car radio . so i have many more interesting things to do in my life . 
but the most important innovation in technological development is the computer . at every time of the day i can communicate with people of all nationalities of the world , i can get information about everything , i can buy something which i can't find in the shops in my town , so i can do anything just by clicking on the mouse ! 
sadly , there is also a negative aspect . sometimes , the computer substitutes replaces real relationships between people . in fact , many boys spend several hours in front of their computer and forget that out of their houses there are their friends . . . . 
in conclusion , i think that modern technology gets makes my life more interesting , but i prefer to be with my friends and with my girlfriend than in front of a computer ! 
dear manager , 
i am writing to complain about the musical show i saw last week . there is some disagreement between your advertisement and the show which i saw at the circle theatre . 
first of all , i would like to state that you gave the wrong starting and finishing times . the musical started at 20:15 not at 14:30 - as you had stated . it was very surprising for me and i had a lot of trouble with getting back home at night - when it finished . 
furthermore , there was no danny brook on the stage . he is my favourite artist and i was going went there mainly because of him . this made me really disappointed - he wasn't performing there . 
another point i want you to consider is the restaurant . the place you had offered was closed and there was nothing to eat inside the theatre at all . despite changing the hours , you had closed the restaurant without any reason . could you possibly explain why you didn't provide us with anything to eat ? 
finally , you had claimed i would have a perfect evening out . unfortunately , i can't say that . i am very disappointed and i would like to ask you for my money back . i think this could be the only right way for me to forget about my uninteresting evening . 
i would appreciate it if you could consider my complaint . i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours faithfully
fashion of the future
try to imagine the wide , colourful street with many fantastic cars and shiny large large shiny shops . try to think about people in weird black and grey clothes . it isn't a film , it isn't even a picture from mysterious books . it's a reality , it's the fashion of the future . . . 
people have been wearing almost everything , during more than 2000 years of their living on earth . everything has changed : style , colour , quality . fashion . their clothes were always strictly connected with their lifestyle , climate and money . we saw almost all kinds of skirts , trousers , coats , skirts and even hats - which until now have been the main point of many fashion creatures . what can we suspect then ? what something new hasn't been invented now ? i tell will tell you - black and grey . these are two powerful colours , which will be expanding for the next 100 years . 
the climate is changing , so we will have only two seasons . and we will need only two colours: grey for hot days and black for cold ones . women will wear only skirts and dresses but men will be strictly connected with trousers . i hope there will be times when women will like again to be thought delicate and sensitive human beings . showing their figure , they would have the opportunity to show their sexuality . but , don't forget , no exhibitionism ! we have too many taken off people around us , now . and that will be a thing of the past . the streets of the 21st century will be smart . 
so , are you interested in that style ? do you agree with me ? if not , you are very poor . this fashion is coming , so think about it . 
grey and black - like the seasons , like people's characters , like all the night and dark surrounding us . these are the colours of the future . 
dear manager , 
recently , i had a week's holiday in london and during my stay , i went to your theatre to see " over the rainbow " and i was really disappointed . 
in the advertisement , it said that danny brook was starring , but in place of him there was a different actor and he was really disappointing . i could not see any portion of danny brook's performance in him . 
also , in the programme , the time of the show was written as 19:30 , but it started at 20:15 and i missed the dinner i was going to have with my best friend in london . 
since i am a student and not as rich as bill gates , i was short of money and i was very pleased to hear that there were discounts available for the tickets; but i had to give the full price of the ticket , which i consider to be the fault of your theatre . 
in addition to this , it was mentioned that your restaurant was open after the show , but it was not because there was no food to be served . 
as you can understand , it was a dreadful time and i want my money back as a consolation for the disappointment i had . 
yours faithfully , 
technology and my daily life
in my daily life , i use the facilities of modern technology very often and it really makes my life easier to live . however , i go far away from my family and other people and have virtual relationships . 
until 1996 , i used to go to school on foot or by public bus; but since 1996; i take the underground to go to school . it is much quicker , and i do not have to wake up very early in order not to be late . 
also , i use my computer and the internet very much in order to find information , do my projects and communicate with my friends . to talk to a friend from another city or country instantly online is really nice and exciting . i do not have to wait for a letter for days and i gain so much time too . 
on the other hand , because of being on computers so much , i cannot see my family and friends very much , even when we are in the same place . it is really bad to make your human relations get weaker . but despite this , i am very happy with the facilities technological technological facilities in my daily life . 
dear sir/madam , 
during my stay in london i decided to see a musical show called " over the rainbow " but , unfortunately , i was very disappointed . 
first , as i have read in your advertisement , danny brook should have starred in this show . a different actor appeared , and i must say that he was very disappointing . 
secondly , you have written that the musical starts at 19:30 . i had to wait for the show for over forty five forty-five minutes , because it started at about 20:15 ! 
what is more , it was stated that i could get some discounts , but when i wanted to buy a cheaper ticket , it was impossible . 
you also placed a note about your theatre restaurant opening after the show . i wanted to have a coffee but unfortunately it was closed , because the waiter had gone out ! 
to sum up , i must say that this evening out was supposed to be perfect . it was not , of course , so i would like to ask you kindly for my money back , because some information placed in your advertisement about the musical was not true . 
yours faithfully , 
in my opinion modern technology has changed my daily life very much . 
first , there are now a lot of things that most people use at home . for example: a fridge , a cooker or just electricity . we couldn't imagine our life without them . 
secondly , thanks to technology , there are many ways of travelling today . we produce cars , trains and planes which are better and better . 
what is more , there are many new ways to produce medicines and modern hospital equipment . it can really help a lot to cure people . maybe there will be a remedy cure for aids or cancer soon . 
on the other hand , modern technology has some disadvantages . 
the main one is the ozone hole that affects all the people in the world . 
the second is nuclear weapons and the many wars in which modern equipment is used . 
to sum up , as far as i am concerned , modern technology has changed my life completely . on the one hand , it helps me a lot in daily life , but on the other , i'm afraid of the future every day . 
dear manager , 
last week , during my holiday in london , i had the opportunity to see the show " over the rainbow " at the circle theatre . that is why i am writing this letter; to inform you about the problems i had . 
first of all , the tickets were too expensive . i was told that there were some discounts for students , but the moment i bought the ticket , they charged me full price . 
the day of the show , we got to the theatre at 19:30 . but , due to some technical problems , it began at 20:15 . 
second , i was really disappointed when i found out that danny brook , the best actor i have ever known and the reason for my deciding to see the show , was not going to be performing . 
third , the theatre restaurant was closed because the chef did not show up . i was really looking forward to eating at that place . 
in conclusion , i would appreciate it if you could , please , send me my money back because i did not have the perfect evening that i expected . 
yours sincerely , 
unfortunately , pat was not very good at keeping secrets . sally , her best friend , had told her what had been happening at her house for the last two months . pat knew something was wrong because she had known sally since they were five years old , but she did not why she was acting so strangely . sally did not want to tell anybody about her problem , but she knew she could trust pat . so sally started to talk . she had seen her stepfather hitting her mother every time he was drunk . she didn't want to tell the teachers at school or any other person because she was afraid that if her stepfather found out about it , he would get mad and hit her , or even worse , kill her mother . 
however , she needed to tell somebody . one morning somebody knocked at the door at sally's house . it was the police . sally was so scared , and at the same time mad at pat because she knew the only person who could have told the police was her best friend . but she knew that pat did it because she loved her and was afraid something horrible would happen to her or to her mother . 
17th june 2000
dear sir or madam , 
about two weeks ago , i went to london for a week's holiday . while there i saw your advertisement for the show " over the rainbow " and decided to go . 
i was looking forward to a great evening , but much to my surprise , that was not exactly the case: there were no discounts available , such as were mentioned in the advertisement; the show started 45 minutes late; i was then very disappointed to see that danny brook had been replaced by someone else . 
after the show was over , it was not possible to visit the theatre restaurant , as it was closed that day . 
i am very sorry to say it was definitely not a perfect evening out , and i am therefore asking you for a refund for the amount i paid , or part of it . you will find the receipt enclosed . 
yours faithfully , 
modern technology is affecting my daily life a lot , i can even say it has changed it . 
i will take the example of the use of the internet . i use it on a daily basis for many different reasons:
i don't write letters to my friends anymore , and wait weeks before receiving answers , i just send an electronic mail via the internet and the person receives it within seconds . 
i don't need to go to the stores anymore if i don't want to: i can just stay at home and buy almost everything through it: books , video tapes , clothes and even groceries . 
it is also possible to read the news or play games . 
i also have the opportunity of making new friends: i can connect to a special site which will enable me to virtually meet people . 
dear sir/ madam , 
i am writing to you because yesterday i went to the musical " over the rainbow " and i had a bad evening . 
first of all , in the advertisement it says that the stars were different actors , and there weren't different one , so that cannot be . 
also in the advertisement it says that the show would begin at 19 . 30 and it started at 20 . 15; that meant that i had to cancel a date that i had at 21:00 , because i couldn't make it . if you put on a show you must be on time . 
another thing that i discovered was that there were no discount tickets and the advertisement said there would be . so , how is it possible that you publish an advertisement and you don't do what it says ? 
finally , you suppose were supposed to have the restaurant open , and it wasn't , because they didn't have electricity to cook , so they closed it . 
i am really mad and i want my money back . please call me on the number 23456789 , i will be waiting for your call . thank you for your time
yours sincerely 
how has modern technology changed your daily life ? 
modern technology has changed my daily life in many ways . 
first of all , at work; computers are really amazing , you only need to turn one on and start to write; your work is neater and you work faster . 
it has also changed my free time ; they have invented great games like play station , and you can have a really good time playing with your friend . in the old days , on a rainy day you couldn't play because most games were played outside the house but now with modern technology you can do many things in your house . 
another aspect is that domestic appliances - microwaves , washing machines - make life easier . 
in my opinion technology has made living easier , funnier more fun and more comfortable . 
dear sir
i have been to london recently for a week's holiday and i have been to a musical show at the circle theatre . when i saw the advertisement for the show i got very excited , because i always wanted to see " over the rainbow " , but i had some problems , and i want you to know about them . 
first of all , when i bought the tickets i got no discount , and in the advertisement it was stated that people would get some , and when i got into the theatre to see the play , i had to wait for almost an hour until the show begun . then , i got very disappointed because the actors in the play were not those ones mentioned in the advertisement . there were unknown actors , and they were not as good as the other ones . afterwards , i was expecting to have at least a nice dinner in the theatre restaurant , but it was already closed because the show ended too late . 
i did not have a perfect night at all , so i would like to ask if i can have my money back . please give me an answer . thank you for reading this letter . 
yours sincerely , 
we cannot deny that technology has changed our lives . nowadays , we no longer need to spend hours cooking , for example: we just put some frozen food in the microwave , and in a few minutes our meal is ready . we can communicate with people in distant countries in real time , using the internet . 
there are a lot of other examples of how technology has changed people's lives . i could not do my school projects without using a computer , because i have to do some statistical analysis that i could not do with a calculator . also , i can communicate with some friends who live in other countries by e-mail almost every day , and i save some money because i pay for a local call , and not for an international call . another thing which is very useful for me is my mobile phone , because people can talk to me whenever they need to , but on the other hand it is very unpleasant to be interrupted by the phone when i am in an important meeting . 
mr. manager , 
i'm writing to you to complain about the musical show " over the rainbow " which was performed last week . your advertising leaflet was completely inaccurate . it said that danny brook was acting but , when i got there , there was another guy on stage . it was disappointing , specially for me who is a great fan of denny . that's not all ! it started forty-five minutes after the right time and we had to wait outside the theatre . the tickets were supposed to include discounts but the lady who was selling them told me that i must be wrong , they never give any discounts to anyone . 
after the show , i went to visit your restaurant as suggested in the advertisement but when i got there it was closed . one of the employees of the theatre told me that it was because they were cleaning it to get rid of the rats . i was not impressed when he told me this . 
for all these reasons my evening was terrible and i would like to receive at least part of my money back . 
yours sincerely 
since i was born , science and technology have been developing faster and faster . just for example , the internet gets hundreds of new users every single day . this technology has changed our lives in many ways and we almost don't notice it . 
in my case , i'm completely integrated with them , in almost everything i do i use this technology . when i was younger i used to read books , write , listen to the radio and , nowadays , you can do all these things using a computer . it's one of the most useful tools that men have invented . it's possible to do lots of things and talk to other people too using a pc . i spend most of my day in front of one of those machines , studying , researching , playing and talking to friends all around the world . 
this technology also has it's bad aspect . it distances you further from people ; you become isolated from true relationships but you can handle it when you get used to this . 
dear sir , 
i bought a ticket for the " over the rainbow " musical show last saturday , but i felt very disappointed with it . it was announced that there would be discount tickets available , but there were not . the show should have started at 19 . 30 , but it was delayed forty-five minutes . and , worst of all: danny brook was not on stage . he was replaced by a novice actor who gave a very disappointing performance . last , the theatre restaurant was closed because there was a serious leak in a pipe and the kitchen was flooded . 
i think there are sufficient reasons for giving my money back . i just wanted to have a pleasant evening out and i could never have imagined that there would be so many problems . 
i really expect that you will consider my arguments and pay me back the value of the ticket , as soon as possible . 
yours sincerely , 
several technological advances in the past five years have changed my daily life . nowadays , i feel entirely linked to these innovations , and i would find it hard to live without them . 
the internet is certainly the most obvious of all these innovations . information is spread quickly and you can access in minutes a wide range of data , which would take a much longer time if it had to be found by traditional means . for a shy person , like me , the internet has another attraction : the opportunity of knowing people and making friends worldwide . it's very exciting . currently , i exchange e-mails with dozens of people all over the country . 
cellular a cellular phone can be inconvenient sometimes , but it can be very useful in certain situations: when your car has broken down on the road , when you need to be found anywhere and at any time ( if you are a doctor , a lawyer or a journalist , for instance ) , and so forth . 
modern technology created has created other conveniences : i can pay my bills at any time and do not need to wait in a big queue to be attended by the teller , i can exchange photos and videos via computer , i can do business and make money at home , and so on . 
16th november 2000
dear sir
i'm writing to complain about an evening i spent in your theatre seeing a musical show . according to your brochure , it was supposed to be the perfect evening out; instead of that i had a very disappointing evening . 
firstly , the actors weren't those announced . indeed , instead of danny brook and tina truelove , we had poor actors . 
as for the time , the show was supposed to begin at 19 . 30 whereas in reality it began at 20 . 15 . 
likewise , there were no discounts available . 
to end , instead of being open , the restaurant was closed for renovation . 
because of all these inconvenience inconveniences , i ask you for a total refund . i'm sure you will accept my request; if not i intend to take legal action against your company . you may contact me at my home address whenever you wish . 
yours faithfully
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . 
so when caroline , his girlfriend , told him something personal and very important , because she trusted in him , immediately he went to see one of his friends to tell him the secret . when poor caroline arrived at school on wednesday morning all the students in her class knew about what she had said just the day before to pat . 
so immediately she went to pat , angry , in order to argue with him , saying that she was annoyed by the way he behaved , and that it wasn't the first time that he wasn't capable of keeping a secret . after a long conversation they eventually decided to split up . 
because of his behaviour , pat is now alone and nobody trusts him . 
17-6-00
dear sir/madam:
i am writing to complain about the musical show , over the rainbow , presented in your theatre on 15th of june . 
i went to the theatre to buy the ticket and expected to get a discount as i was a student . however , the salesman in the box office told me the discount tickets had sold out . i could not understand why but i still bought the ticket because i was crazy about danny brook . then , i went into the theatre on time but became a little bit angry after waiting until 20:15 , forty-five minutes after the expected starting time . furthermore , i was so disappointed to find out that danny brook was not on the stage and the leading actor sang so badly that i left the theatre before it finished . last , i went to the theatre restaurant but it was closed because it needed cleaning . 
i think it was definitely not the perfect evening guaranteed in your advertisement . i look forward to having a full refund in the very near future as i did not enjoy it at all . 
yours faithfully , 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . now everybody in the class knew my mum was a cleaner and teased me for having that kind of mum . i was so sad about it and did not forgive pat even though she apologises apologised thousands of times . 
a week later , when i was still in a bad mood , my form teacher , mrs brown , talked about jobs in our english lesson . she told us there were numerous types of job in the world . some offered a high salary while some did not . however , they are equally important for our society . 'who wants to be a doctor ? ' she asked . many students raised their hands . 'who wants to be a lawyer ? ' again , many students put up their hand . but when she asked who wanted to be a cleaner , nobody raised his hand and i felt so ashamed that i lowered my head . 'cleaner is a very good job . ' mrs brown said in a loud voice . 'if there were no cleaners , who would clean the school for us ? who would keep the environment nice and tidy ? ' suddenly , all my classmates applauded and smiled at me with respect . the teacher also grinned and i was so impressed and repeated the words in my heart: 'all jobs have the same importance . '
dear sir , 
being on holiday in london , i dreamed of going to the theatre to a musical show . i saw your advertisement last monday , and thought , " it is that one that i want to try . " 
in fact , your musical show was attractive: actors , time , restaurant , discount tickets , and also the title ! i started to be ok with " your perfect evening out " , certain i was not going to be deceived . 
but everything was disappointing ! first , as i am very fond of danny brook , i was surprised that he had totally changed his voice , face , and so on ! it was not danny on the stage ! second bad point: being not narrow-minded not being narrow-minded , i accept other actors . . but only if the show begins on time - it began at a quarter past eight . 
there were no discount seats because it was not planned like that by the theatre by the theatre like that . what was written in the advertisement ? 
the summum was reached when i saw the restaurant was closed for " holidays " . 
i was terribly annoyed ! i spent the worst evening of my holiday at this show ! 
so i now need a " perfect - refund - " in replacement for your " perfect evening out " . 
i do hope you will accept and understand this request . 
yours:
" how has modern technology changed your daily life ? " first of all , " daily life " concerns ( as far as i am concerned ) my life everywhere , and more precisely at home , at the university and at work . as recently as two years ago , i was working with a notebook or diary , and i used to use a wired phone system . nowadays , i organise my activities with an electronic organizer that allows me to connect to the internet by infra-red link with my mobile phone to get information and electronic mail . i am always available on my mobile phone , which is also boring sometimes ! being on an apprenticeship , i go to both work and university . at the university , i have studied with computer-aided systems . i often go on the internet to find information when studying a particular subject more accurately closely ( university technology sites ) . at work my particular job involves two standard pcs with specific software plus one workstation with the stanford university network ( sun ) operating system and a special computer that my firm is developing now now developing . at home , i have got a personal computer for my mail and accounts , and electronic mail plus the internet for keeping in touch with my friends who are on the other side of france or germany , korea and so on . so modern technology has totally changed my daily life ! 
dear sir or madam
i am writing to complain about the musical show which is called over the rainbow . i saw the show on the 17th of july . 
firstly , the advertisement claimed a discount ticket was available . although i have a student card for discounts i could not get any discount . so i had to buy a normal ticket . 
secondly , i bought a second musical show ticket which started at 19:30 but it started at 20:15 . as a result , i had to wait over one hour as i arrived there at 19:00 . 
thirdly , your advertisement said i could see danny brook , who i adore , in the show . when i turned up for the show , there was another actor instead of him . 
fourthly , after the show the theatre restaurant was closed because of its problems . but i could go evening out . 
to sum up , i believe your advertisement completely misled me . so i am fully entitled to ask for a refund except for evening out . 
i hope this matter will receive your prompt attention . 
yours faithfully
bo-phat sun ( ms ) 
in recent years , mordern technology has been developing increasingly . we get many advantages which improve our daily lives , on the other hand , we also get many disadvantages which could harm us . 
in my opinion , the main advantage is the development of medical technology . for example , if you were hurt seriously like cutting your leg off , the new medical technology could rebuild part of your body . another advantage is sharing information . the more developed the technology is , the quicker and easier international networking is . so at the same time many people can share some information even though they live in different countries . 
in contrast , the technology can cause pollution . by developing transport , we can get wherever we want to go easily , however it could cause serious air pollution like acid-rain and smog . also we should be careful as we could be watched by security camera cameras which have been combined with modern technology . 
in conclusion , i conciderly said we has been charged by morder technology in two ways . one is an advantage and the other is a disadvantage . and it will change our lives , also in the future . 
dear sir , 
i'm writing this letter to you because during my stay in london i went to the theatre to see a musical , and i had a very disappointing evening . 
last saturday i went to see " over the rainbow " . when i read the advertisement , i noticed that danny brook acted in this musical . i liked him a lot . when the show started forty-five minutes late , i realised that the main actor had been replaced . that replacement really disappointed me . another problem was that i didn't get any discount , and i wasn't alone , we were five people . our idea after the show was to visit the theatre restaurant , but it was closed . nobody could give me an explanation . i really had an awful evening . 
please send me a letter , with the explanations for all these problems that i have told you about . next time , be more careful with what you put in your advertisement . 
i'm looking forward to receiving your letter . 
yours faithfully , 
secrets
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . that night my parents went out , so i had to stay home with pat . i invited my best friends , and i asked christian to bring some videos . we left pat in her room with those videos , and we went to the top of the house , the third floor . 
that room was totally dark . we went upstairs with only a candle , and the idea of planning something crazy . 
manuel had a farm , not so far from the town , where we could do whatever we wanted . but what was the problem ? we were too young to spend a whole weekend alone . i thought of the idea of telling our parents that we had gone camping with the school . we were all agreed . we were going to spend a weekend alone , with nobody else , playing football , going to bed at the time we wanted , talking about girls . it was perfect . 
we were very calm , discussing the last details of our weekend , when we heard a noise that came from a room that was near us . manuel opened the door , and there she was , pat with ramiro's sister , listening to all our conversation . 
saturday , june , 17th
dear m . white , 
i went to the circle theatre last week on monday and i would say that i had a very disappointing evening there . 
firstly , i'd read in the advertisement that the actors who were playing that night were d . brook and t . truelove . now you can guess how disappointed i was when i saw that there were different ( and worse ) actors ! 
secondly , the musical show started at 20 . 15 instead of 19 . 30 . . so i had to wait forty-five minutes outside and it was raining cats and dogs ! 
and then i discovered that the discounts were not available for the tickets . moreover , the theatre restaurant was closed after the show and i was really hungry because i hadn't had my dinner that evening in order to be on time for the show . 
to sum up , it wasn't a " perfect evening out " . i'd rather say that it was a catastrophe ! and i am really sorry , but consequently i would ask you for some money back . thank you for considering my request . 
yours faithfully , 
modern technology has completely changed my daily life , which has become more comfortable , and easier . 
for instance , my discman gives me the possibility to listen to music or to the radio everywhere: in the underground , or when i walk in the city . moreover , it disturbs nobody , and that's great . 
another simple example is my mobile telephone; a few years ago , i had to buy a telephone card and then to find a telephone box to call my parents and to tell them that i would be late for dinner , or other stuff like that . yet my hand phone is in my bag and i take it everywhere . 
but i think the best technological invention which changed my life is the internet - thanks to it , i have a hundred friends all over the world and i know many different cultures . 
all these examples are very few demonstrations to show how technology could affect our lives nowadays . in my opinion , modern technology is a great thing unless it is used to serve bad intentions . 
dear mr smith , 
i went to london last week for business and , loving theatre very much , i had promised my friend to give her , after work , a very good evening at your musical show: " over the rainbow " . 
i had read that it was a very enjoyable show ! what a surprise ! 
your advertisement was a quite lie and i have to tell you about my disappointment . every statement was wrong . ( i wondered if it was a fake ! ) 
first , your advert led me to expect danny brook ( who is a very good singer i appreciate very much ) but he was not there . an unknown actor was singing , not in tune - awful for my ears - ( poor tina truelove ! such a professional singer with a beginner ! ) 
second , to go on describing the beginning , your show started not at 19 . 30 but nearly one hour later ( 20 . 15 to be more precise ! ) 
and for the third point , i had hoped to give a good dinner to my friend because i knew your restaurant was a famous place but i was again disappointed . it was closed for renovation ! 
i hope you will understand why my evening was detestable and you will give me back my money . 
i attach to this letter my two tickets . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you
best wishes
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets ! 
poor me , i thought it was nice to have a friend and to be able to share lots of things ! 
i was very young when this story happened but though it was a child's adventure i remember it still . i was just thirteen years old ! 
i had read a very good book about pirates and i know i have a very creative imagination . to make to profit my ideas my parents lived in a small village near wonderful countryside . 
like my heroes , i would have liked to live in a ship and decided to build something in a tree . the highest tree near a river i have ever seen . a peaceful place with a wonderful view . 
with my friend pat ( i took him into my confidence ) i started to work and my idea became real . 
it was our fortress and every day we could improve it . the tree was our ship and the river the sea . we could play for hours and hours without seeing an adult or any other children from the village . i preferred liked it . it was our secret , pat and i . a child's secret . 
but pat could not keep it very long . he had a fault: he talked a lot and told another friend our secret . what a catastrophe ! all the children left the village and wanted to play with us . i accepted them but i was very angry with pat . our peace disappeared and very soon everybody wanted to command my ship . a disaster ! 
there were lots of fights between us and we were naughty like children can be with other children . 
the result was my ship was destroyed and never again could i trust in any friend ! 
dear sir or madam , 
last week i spent my holiday in london and i saw your musical " over the rainbow' in the circle theatre and i was really disappointed . when i read the advertisement for the show i was really excited but after the show i was not very happy because of the following problems . 
the advertisement says that danny brook and tina truelove would play but in this show there were totally different actors and that was really disappointing because i was looking forward to them . the times were also not alright , actually the show starts at 19 . 30 but on this evening it started at 20 . 15 . the advertisement also says that there are discounts available but this is not true , there were none . 
usually i go to a restaurant after theatre but this was also not possible because your theatre restaurant was closed because of the holiday . why do you give this information in an advertisement ? 
it was really not a perfect evening for me , i was expecting a nice evening but in fact it was terrible . 
because of these problems i had i would like to ask for compensation , maybe to get my money back . i hope you understand my complaints . i hope you answer me soon . 
yours sincerely
sandra eichmann
in my opinion modern technology has not really changed my daily life a lot because i am just 20 years old and i used to play with a computer when i was young or wash my clothes in the washing machine . 
i grew up in a world full of technology and for me the recent development in technology is not very great . of course , it changes , it became normal to have a mobile phone or to use frequently frequently to use the computer and the internet . it becomes easier and easier to use the computer for everything . you don't have to go to the shop to buy clothes or to the restaurant to order some food . i can just switch on my computer and order everything . also i don't write letters anymore because i write e-mails to my friends . they go quicker and it is easier for me . 
but i think for my generation there is not a really big difference , in comparison to my grandparents who have real problems accepting these changes in modern technology . because the biggest developments were in the last 50 years . 
dear sir , 
re: the musical show presented by the circle theatre
with reference to the advertisement published in the new strait times newspaper on the 22nd of may 2000 , i , as a customer , who is a musical-show addict and a great fan of danny brook , who was said to be starred starring in the show , would like to complain about the presentation . 
1 . first of all , i was really furious about watching a show starring a different actor , instead of danny brook , whose name was given in the advertisement . besides this , the show started almost 45 minutes later than it was meant to start . 
2 . the price of the ticket was said that there would be discounts available . however , i was very disappointed when i was told that there were not any discounts for the show . 
3 . i also found out that the theatre restaurant was not open after the show due to the shortage of food sold . i was really hungry after the show and was very unhappy . 
considering all the above points , i would like to ask for some money back . i will consider to take taking this complaint to court if i do not receive an acceptable explanation from the theatre . thank you . 
yours faithfully , 
fashion is one of the most popular topics people discuss about in the past , now and also in the future . 
however , things are recycled from time to time . so do the objective of wearing clothes . i imagine that people in the future , for example 100 years from now , will wear clothes for protection like people did in the past . people in the past wore clothes to protect themselves from the cold air , hot weather and strong wind . on the other hand , people in the future will probably wear clothes to protect themselves from the polluted air and water , the harmful ultra-violet rays from the sun and all the dangerous and poisonous gases or chemicals which are the product of a developed and full-grown country . 
i think people in the future will probably wear helmets with oxygen gas well provided . it is because of the increasing size of the population and the shortage of oxygen gas in the atmosphere . they will also wear water-proof , ultra-violet-proof and other dangerous-liquid-proof clothes to protect themselves . these clothes have to be made of something light , comfortable to wear and protective . all the above ideas are needed to make them bear no burden when wearing these specially designed clothes . 
the future is the hope and the dream for everyone on the earth . therefore , i will suggest that we all nov to keep the environment clean and healthy for the next generation . 
dear manager:
when i first heard about over the rainbow i was very excited about the idea of seeing it , plus when i heard about the extras that the circle theatre was offering , it became the best opportunity i ever had to assist attend a musical of that type , but instead of being the best evening i ever had , it was a total disaster and that's the reason why i am writing to you . 
as i have already told you , instead of being the perfect evening , it was the worst i ever had . first , the actors that the circle theatre publicised on their tickets for over the rainbow were not there , which was very disappointing because the actors starring in the musical were one of its major attractions . another point that i want to complain about is the time that the musical was supposed to start ( 19:30 ) but it started at 20:15 , so there was major dissatisfaction with that , but the last and worst thing was that your theatre restaurant was closed because the british health institute considered your food unhealthy , and i am not taking into consideration many other points like unsatisfactory service , and uncomfortable seats . 
for the reasons i have already explained , i would like to ask you if i can have my money back , but this is not the most important thing for me , because i want your theatre to change and become the best . 
hope to hear from you:
science and technology is a theme very much discussed nowadays , most of the community of our city , and of the world , where technology has arrived , confirms that it has in some way improved their way of life . and i think it's the same for me , because when advances in technology , like computers , internet , etc . , were made , it changed my life as a high school student . 
to answer the question: " how has modern technology changed my daily life ? " , i can confirm that it has been in many ways , and the most important one that i can remember was the invention of computers and later the internet , because it was easier for me , and for everyone , to do your homeworks homework , , and , in fact , it was easier for me to search for information that in the past i would have to look up in a library . but not everything about technology and computers is good , because many people , and me in a control way , have become computers' and technology's slaves , and we cannot do anything without a machine , and i am not saying that it's wrong or bad , and i accept that they make our daily tasks easier , but we have to maintain our independence as humans . 
technology , in fact , has meant an improvement regarding daily tasks , but we have to think and work by ourselves because if not our brains will become atrophied . 
dear sir , 
i'm writing to you to make a complaint about your musical show: " over the rainbow " . . . last week , i , my husband and our two children went to your theatre to spend to have a good time , but we were so disappointed . 
first of all , i don't think it's professional to change the principal actor at the last minute , the play should have been with danny brook , but it wasn't . 
in addition to this , the show started at 20:15 instead of 19:30 , more than 45 minutes late . . . 
moreover , there weren't any discounts available like writing in your advertisement . 
there was a restaurant , though it was closed for renovation , and 2 hours 30 without drinking or eating something was quite difficult for the children . 
it should have been a perfect evening out , but it was the opposite . that's why , i would be grateful if you could give me my money back . i look forward to hearing from you in the very near future . 
yours faithfully
how has modern technology changed your daily life ? 
nowadays , i think it would be impossible for us to live like our grandparents or great-grandparents lived . . . we are too lazy , but it's not our fault , this revolution is called " progress " ! 
every day , like everybody , i watch the tv , see the international news , listen to the radio , play games on my computer or communicate with american or asian people without leaving my house . it seems to be incredible , but it's common habits normal for us . . we don't think that less than a hundred years ago , none of that existed . 
i will always say thank you very much to the inventor who has invented the machines which do the washing and the washing-up , before this , women spent a long time doing these tasks . 
in addition to this , thinking also , to the medicine , science or astronomy progress . . . 
and it has not ended . i hope that in my thirties i'll go to mars on holiday . . . 
the scientists have ten years to find the solution . . . 
17/06/00
dear sir , 
i am writing to complain about the show " over the rainbow " , which i saw at your theatre two weeks ago; as a matter of fact our evening turned out to be very disappointing . 
first of all , i was really looking forward to the performance of the leading actor danny brook , but sadly he wasn't there , he was replaced by a different actor , who was rather disappointing . 
furthermore the show should have started at 19 . 30 but instead it began at 20:15 , which was really unpleasant . 
at the ticket office i also asked for a discount but they told me this wasn't possible , though your advertisement clearly said there were discounts available ! 
at the end of the show i was so tired that i decided to eat something at your restaurant , but surprisingly it was closed due to some unreasonable technical problems ! 
the advertisement promised us a perfect evening but it wasn't , so i would highly appreciate it if you could completely refund our tickets . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours faithfully , 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets: he always wanted to know everything about everybody and afterwards , of course , he would give away all he knew , but one day he had some problems . . . 
his best friend paul couldn't put up anymore with pat always revealing his secrets , so he decided to play a trick on him . since paul ran a very popular hotel in london , he told pat that on sunday the superstar madonna was supposed to be staying there with her new mysterious lover . 
paul told pat not to tell anyone about madonna and especially not the press . pat obviously couldn't keep silent about this so , since he also needed some money , he decided to reveal everything to the scandal-mongering press , not knowing that paul had made up the whole story ! on sunday all the english press were waiting for madonna in front of paul's hotel and when they discovered that it was all a hoax , they got so angry that they wrote in every newspaper that pat had made up everything ! paul finally had his revenge ! ! 
dear mr. smith
my name is manuel olmez and last week i went to see the musical show 'over the rainbow' at the circle theatre . 
firstly i want to tell you how disappointing that night was . 
everything in the advertisement for the show was untrue . the actors i saw in the show were not danny brook and tina truelove . 
i went at 19 . 30 and the show didn't begin until 20:15 so i had to wait a lot and i arrived late to a meeting i had after the show . there were no discounts available for the tickets and the theatre's restaurant was closed after the show because it was too late . 
so i want you to send me some money back for that unpleasant night . 
i hope you can understand me . 
yours sincerely
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . 
so in a very few days all the college knew that me and my friends were the ones who had crashed the headmaster's car . 
the headmaster wanted to tell the police what we had done so we decided to imprison him in a little house we had twenty kilometres away from the village until we could change his mind . marc , one of my friends , hit mr. heyman with a bottle and he lost consciousness . we put him in my car and we left him inside a closed room . 
when he woke up he started shouting and we had to calm him down . 
we took some photos of him naked and told him not to tell anybody about this because if he does we will hang the photos all around the village . 
he accepted this and we let him go free . 
it all began because he is a nasty person and he forced us to clean the college every day , for not paying a cleaner . 
we needed to do something like that to make him change . 
dear manager , 
with this letter i want to explain to you some problems i had last week at your theatre with your show . first of all , i want to introduce myself . i'm francesco schein , i'm 18 years old and i went last week to see your musical show " over the rainbow " . i was very upset because the show had many problems . 
first the actor was changed and his replacement's performance was very poor and disappointing . then , the show began 45 minutes late , so we had to wait a very long time . the advertisement said there were discounts available , which were not available . finally you said there was a restaurant , but it was closed , so we couldn't eat anything until we got home . 
i hope you understand your mistakes and i'm asking you for our money back . 
faithfully yours
i don't know if technology has totally changed my life , because i was born with it and i have learned about it since i was a little boy . for example , i was born knowing that man has walked on the moon . 
there are some machines which have helped in my development , and others which help me to make my life easier . the computer for example makes communication much easier and faster than in times past , when everything was sent by normal mail , and it was weeks till it got to the right place . 
there are other machines which are bad for the environment . many industries throw their contaminated air away , without cleaning it first . technology has to move further so it can solve problems such as pollution , so we can live better and longer . 
dear sir/madam , i am writing to you to complain about the musical show i went to see last wednesday . i was told i would have the most perfect evening in london , but it was not . when i bought my ticket i expected to be able to take advantage of those discounts you announced in the newspaper advertisement but then i had to pay the most expensive price . i went to see the 19:30 performance but it did not start until 20:15 ! i was really angry but i wanted to see danny brook . my surprise was when , instead of mr. brook , a different actor appeared on stage . at the end of the show i decided to go to the theatre restaurant but when i arrived i realized it was closed because the show had finished too late ! all i am asking for is a full refund of the money i spent on the musical . i look forward to hearing from you . yours faithfully , 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . now marion was really angry with her . 
some days ago pat met her friend paul , the editor of the school's newspaper . paul asked her some questions about her childhood and her toys because he was going to write an article about children . while pat was talking she remembered playing with her dolls and having a good time with them . then paul asked her if she knew something about marion's childhood . pat told him some unimportant things such as she learnt to swim at the age of five or that she loved ants . but , suddenly , she started to talk about marion's toys . she told paul she had a special toy called max and that she slept with him . a terrible mistake ! 
in the following edition the headline was: " why does a teenager sleep with a toy called max ? " everybody laughed at her . marion felt really embarrassed . two weeks later everybody forgot about marion's secret and she reconsidered her relationship with pat . they became friends again . but marion would never tell pat a secret again ! ! 
dear sir , 
i am writing to you to explain what my experience was like in the theatre last friday . i did not expect all the problems that i had . 
firstly , i would like to say that the actor who played was not the same one that i read about in the advertisement . 
secondly , the show began forty-five minutes late and nobody told me what had happened . 
thirdly , i did not get any kind of discount when i paid although in the advertisement it was written that i would . 
after the show , i went to the theatre restaurant but i could not have dinner because it was closed . i think that if the show begins later the restaurant should close later , too ! 
finally , from my point of view , i would like to get back the money that i paid because the show was not what you promised in the advertisement . 
yours faithfully , 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . i think when you tell a secret you must be sure that you have chosen the best person to keep it . in your life you will meet a lot of people and you should choose your friends . 
when i was a child my friends were my classmates , especially my neighbours . in the summers i always was was always playing with them on the street . when i was fourteen years old some things changed . i preferred riding a motorbike with the people who studied with me in the institute . but , until you are twenty years old you choose your best friends . when you go to university you are a person who can begin to make good friends . you have a chance to meet people and now you have an opportunity to select good friends . you must select well if you want to have very good friends . 
for these reasons , i think that you should know the person well you want to tell a secret to and keep it . 
dear manager , 
i have recently seen " over the rainbow " and i must tell you that i'm really disappointed ! i found the advertisement about this show in a newspaper and thought it would be fun . 
i like danny brook as an actor and when i read that he would be starring , i booked the ticket immediately . but , instead there was a different actor , who i had never heard of before ! 
the show should have started at 19 . 30 , but it didn't start until 20 . 15 ! so , because of that , i missed my last bus home ! 
while we were waiting for the show to start , we were thinking of going to the restaurant . however , it was closed the whole evening , because of some work being done to it . 
as i'm a student , i usually get discounts on various things , so i was so disappointed when i couldn't get one there ! 
i'm really upset and disappointed after all this and i want at least my money back ! 
it could have been a perfect evening out , but it wasn't ! 
yours sincerely
karol johannes
how has modern technology changed my daily life ? 
i belong to the generation who have grown up with a lot of new technology . for example , tv , telephone , microwave etc . but in the last few years , it has changed and so many new important things have been invented . what i'm talking about are the computers , which now can be found in almost every home , and , of course , the mobile phone ! 
i thought i would never need a mobile phone , but my mum and dad gave me one for christmas last year and now i can't live without it ! 
but the invention that i'm most thankful for is the computer and the internet ! thanks to them , i can easily communicate with my family and friends at home when i'm here in england . it's so quick and not too expensive either . to use the mobile phone , by the way , is very expensive . i usually use it for sending sms messages to my friends . 
so , i start every day by switching on my mobile phone , to see if there are any more sms messages before i go to the library to check my e-mail and that's just the beginning of the day . . . 
karol johannes
dear sir or madam , 
last month i went to the theatre with my husband to see over the rainbow . i'm sorry , but i had a very unpleasant evening . 
first of all , the play started 45 minutes late . i felt so angry about that . and discounts were not available ( nobody explained the reason why ) . 
secondly , the actor wasn't danny brook . i wanted to see him ! he is a good actor but i saw a very bad one . 
and we couldn't visit the theatre restaurant because it was closed . 
such a bad night ! 
i'm sure you will understand the reasons why i want my money back . if you can't do that , we will accept tickets to go to another play . 
i look forward to hearing from you soon . 
yours faithfully , 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . and lorca knew it . but pat was in the wrong place at the wrong time . it's a story of a crime of passion . let me explain it . 
in 1874 lorca was the most beautiful white girl in her city ( a small town near savannah ) . her family was very rich and a lot of men wanted to marry to her . 
but she was in love with a black man , called jim . and pat , the maid , saw them in the river . she couldn't keep the secret and told everything to another maid . in a few hours everyone knew it . poor lovers ! 
when jim's wife knew she got a gun and killed her husband . then , she cried and cried , holding him . ( if she hadn't done it , lorca's father would have done the same ) . 
it was a shock for lorca . she jumped into the river and killed herself two days later . 
pat and jim's wife lived with the guilt all their long lives . how could they forget it ? 
dear manager of the circle theatre . 
i am writing regarding our visit to the circle theatre on the 17th june . 
when we saw your advertisement for the musical show , over the rainbow , we immediately decided that this would be a perfect evening out . there were in our opinion two reasons for that , our favourite actor danny brook and the opportunity to visit your theatre restaurant afterwards . 
however , the evening became was very disappointing . firstly , danny brook was not acting , there was another , unknown actor and he was not good . secondly , the show was supposed to start at 19 . 30 , but did not start until 20 . 15 . 
thirdly , in your advertisement it said that discounts would be available , but they were not . 
furthermore the restaurant was closed because of a water leak . 
i am therefore asking for compensation for our disappointing evening and hope we can reach a solution as soon as possible . 
yours sincerely 
adra johansson
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . it didn't take more than one day before everyone knew about my decision . i had thought about it for many years but never been able to fulfil realise my dreams . this year i had the opportunity to make my dreams come true . 
however , i wasn't sure if my decision was right and therefore i decided to discuss it with pat . 
pat has been my best friend since we first met in primary school . that is now twenty years ago . 
i really like pat , she's funny , has a good sense of humour and like me she loves to discuss everything . 
so therefore , my choice decision to ask her about my decision was the best thing i could do . 
she really listened to me and told me that i was doing the right thing and persuaded me to send in my application to a language course in england . 
i wanted to keep this a secret until i received the answer from the school . but it is ok , i still like pat , even though she can't keep a secret . 
dear manager
my name is lisa and i'm 21 years old . i went to the theatre last friday to see over the rainbow and i felt disappointed about the musical . i expected more from it . first of all the actor was the same as last semester . i would really like to see a new one such as markin davis , he is a great actor and he would fit well in this musical . then i was sat with my friend just waiting for the start and that lasted forever and it was supposed to start at 19:30 . after the show i felt really hungry , so i intended to go to the restaurant , which occasionally was closed . by this time i thought: " i want my money back . " what was supposed to be a perfect evening turned out to be the most hateful musical i've ever seen . 
attencionally 
straussburg 17th june 2000
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . despite the fact that she was my best friend i could never count on her or she would tell everybody in high school all my secrets . 
once , when we first met , i was about 15 and she was the same age , we started talking and by the time we had finished we found out that we had formed a very good friendship through our conversation . 
one day she came over to my house and we talked all night about our lives . then i told her about my first kiss ( it was terrible , the guy didn't know how to do it ) and things like that . 
the next morning when i got to the high school i heard what i wasn't expecting , pat had told everybody about my first experience of kissing . people were staring at me and laughing . 
i got really mad at her , but nowadays we are friends , not as close as we used to be . i don't tell her my secrets anymore . 
dear sir or madam
i'm writing to you to complain about the musical that i saw when i went to the theatre during my holidays in london . 
first of all , i had read in the advertisement that it would start at 19:30 and that i could get a discount , but it started at 20:15 , which meant that i had to wait for forty five forty-five minutes , and there wasn't any discount on tickets . 
to my surprise danny brook never appeared . there was a different actor instead and it made me very annoyed . he is my favourite actor and i paid to see him not to see a different actor . 
finally at the end of the show i decided to go to the theatre restaurant but it was closed because it hadn't been repaired . i think you should have told people about this in the advertisement . 
i was a bit disappointed because you said that it would be a perfect evening and it wasn't . 
i enclose my postal addresses and i will be looking forward to a complete refund 
yours faithfully
fashion of the future
we could see all over the human being how fashion has changed in its colours and styles , since the first men on the earth started to wear some kind of clothes because they were a bit cold
asking people about the fashion of the future you realise that there are different opinions . adults think that the new coloured clothes that young people wear are horrible and very untraditional . most of them believe that they are kind of crazy or evil . they think that in the future they will change and start to wear more formal clothes . 
on the other hand young people believe that in the future things'll be very different . carol , a 16 year old 16-year-old girl , said , " i imagine clothes in the future will be very strange . maybe they will be in many colours and they will be very tight . they will be synthetic clothes , i think , made of plastic or something similar . " 
most young people like carol believe the same and use their minds to imagine the variety of clothes in the future . after all , they'll be the ones that decide what the fashion of the future will be like . 
dear sir/madam , 
i am writing to you to complain about the musical show " over the rainbow " . 
i have recently been to london for a week's holiday . as i am a enthusiast fan of musicals i went to see this show . 
i am very disappointed because the things that were written in the advertisement were not really true . 
it was written that the stars would be danny brook and tina truelove . danny brook is one of my favourite actors and there appeared a different one . i felt absolutely very disappointed . 
the musical should have begun at 19:30 , but it started at 20:15; this is unacceptable ! 
it was written also also written that there were discounts available and i asked about them and they said that they weren't allowed to give any discount . after the show me and my friends wanted to have a drink and the theatre restaurant was closed because there weren't enough drinks . 
as you say in your advertisement , it was not my perfect evening out and therefore i would like to have my money back . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours faithfully , 
ms maria aroz
how has modern technology changed our daily lives ? 
modern technology has changed a lot our daily lives our daily lives a lot . 
on the one hand , nowadays if we have to travel to paris and return on the same day you can take a plane without any problem . in the past it was impossible to go to paris from barcelona and come back in one day . 
another advantage is that if you go on an excursion and you take your mobile phone , if you get lost somebody can find you . 
i think that the most important piece of modern technology these days is the internet . with the internet you can do whatever you want without going out ( shopping , speaking with a friend , working , putting your money aside . . . . ) 
on the other hand , the main disadvantage is that using modern machines can be very difficult for elderly people; it would be very pratitable if the modern industries trained people to use modern technologies . 
to sum up , modern technology has changed a lot our daily lives our daily lives a lot and this is going to continue . 
dear sir or madam , with reference to your advertisement regarding the musical show " over the rainbow " i am writing to you with the intention of giving you an impression of our experiences attending the above-mentioned show . we were disappointed to realize that not danny brook but a different actor played one of the main characters . honestly it was a less impressive performance than we had expected . according to your advertisement the play should have started at 19:30 . unfortunately there was an unexplained delay of 45 minutes . the audience had to sit and wait until 20:15 . what made the situation worse is that no explanation for the delay was given; not even an apology . we had been told that discounts on the ticket prices were available but on the evening of the show no discounts or special offers whatsoever were offered . after the show we had intended to visit your theatre restaurant , which was - to our surprise - closed because of the delay ! so we had to leave hungry and with a certain feeling of frustration and disappointment . honestly for us it was not that " perfect evening out " . we would like to ask you if there is any chance of getting our money back or if you can offer any other alternative for our convenience ? we are looking forward to hearing from you . yours faithfully m . s . 
" the old man and the sea " 
dear tim , 
i'm writing to you regarding the radio programme next saturday where " the old man and the sea " by earnest hemingway will be read . i recommend you listen to it ! as you know we have already had several discussions about literature and what it can tell or teach us . i suppose you still wonder what the great authors can do for us ? therefore hemingway is a very good example . he fought in the spanish civil war and in world war ii was always in search of answers to questions like " . . . what defines a man " , or " . . . what happens to us in critical situations " . these experiences influenced him so deeply that he described his feelings in several books . one of the most interesting ones is " the old man and the sea " . a story of an old seaman leaving his town to prove that he is still able to catch the biggest fish ever caught . the story describes his feelings , thoughts , fears and emotions during a struggle with a giant deep-sea fish . in the end he wins but before he is able to get back he has to " sacrifice " his fish to attacking sharks . so did he finally win or loose ? an interesting story - demanding in a way - which can give you an impression of hemingway's work and what he meant by " pace under pressure " . 
i hope you will enjoy it ! please let me know ! 
i'm looking forward to hearing from you . 
kind regards
m . s . 
dear sir/madam , 
i am writing to complain about your musical show " over the rainbow " . last week i was on holiday in london and i was very disappointed when i visited your theatre . 
first of all , the show was supposed to start at 19 . 30 , but it was delayed until 20 . 15 , and when the show finally began we were surprised to see that danny brook , who was the star of the show , was not playing and someone else had replaced him and he was really disappointing . 
moreover , the advertisement says that discounts will be available on the price of the ticket , but when i asked for one they told me that there weren't any . 
last but not least , the advertisement says to visit your restaurant after the show , but when we went to the restaurant we discovered that it was closed because the cook was ill . 
the advertisement says that it is going to be your perfect evening out , but it was not . it was a complete waste of time and money . that is why i would like to request a full refund of my money . 
yours faithfully , 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets , but she was her best friend and she had to trust her . anna told her again: " pat don't tell anyone please , especially my brother , everything would be ruined then " . and pat answered: " don't worry i won't tell anyone " . 
the big secret was that anna was preparing a surprise party for her brother john and she didn't want anyone to know about it . she had told pat though and that was extremely dangerous ! anna couldn't do anything though because she needed her help to give out the invitations . the party was set to be in two days . 
the two days passed really fast and anna was happy because pat hadn't told anything her brother her brother anything , or so she thought ! 
pat went to anna's and she seemed really unhappy . 
- " anna i have a confession to make " , pat said to her and she started crying . 
- " what is it pat ? " anna asked and she started to worry . 
- " i've told your brother about the party . i couldn't help it ! i'm so sorry ! " 
- " what ? " anna couldn't believe it , she was devastated , she started crying and told pat " get out of my house , now ! ! ! " pat left . everything was ruined , the party and their friendship . 
dear sir or madam , 
i am writing in order to express my extreme dissatisfaction with the musical show 'over the rainbow' that recently took place in the circle theatre . 
during a prior holiday in london i came across an encouraging advertisement for the show and decided to see it . 
unfortunately , i was very disappointed to find out that there were no discounts available ! therefore , it cost me more money then usual . 
in addition , i was very annoyed by the fact that the event had started at 20:15 - not 19:30 as stated in the advertisement . 
my dissatisfaction became even greater when i realized that there had been a different actor than danny brook performing ! 
moreover , i was unable to use the theatre restaurant as it had been closed for redecoration ! 
having noticed that this was not 'a perfect evening out' i would like to ask for my money back . i feel that i have been lied to and thus i demand my money be returned . 
i am looking forward to receiving a response in the near future . 
yours faithfully , 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . everyone had soon heard about me getting the secret access code for the 'secret society' organisation . 
this was the kind of association everybody knew about but nobody talked about . everyone was aware that talking aloud about the 'secret society' could get you in trouble , serious trouble . there had been cases when somebody entered the club but never came back afterwards . 
i guess it was that thrill that actually made me anxious to know what really was going on inside the dodgy-looking old house guarded by a man with an unfriendly hound . 
i've always enjoyed danger and this time getting the password was , indeed , a tough cookie . but knowing what these people are capable of makes me wonder whether to use it or not . especially now , when 'big-mouth' pat has spread the news to literally everyone . i wouldn't be surprised if suddenly something bad happened to me . 
therefore , i have to escape . what i've learned from this situation is to never trust people again . you should remember about this in the future . 
17th june , 2000
dear sir/madam:
or to whom it may concern :
i am writing to you because i had a very disappointing evening at the circle theatre . 
well it seems to me that you should know what happened there . 
first of all , i read your advertisement where it was written that the show started at 19 . 30 , but do you know what time it started ? it started at 20:15 ! don't you think that shows a lack of respect ? really it does . 
i forgot to tell you that there were no discounts available . and the tickets were too expensive ! most people couldn't afford them . 
and another thing , when the show was over , i was really hungry . but as i had read your advertisement i knew there was a restaurant . so i went there in order to have something to eat . but can you believed it ? it was closed . completely closed . so i asked someone who seemed to be in charge , and he told me that it was too late to have a meal . this really disappointed me . i was both hungry and angry . 
well i think that is all , but i will ask you to give me my money back . 
looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours faithfully
secrets
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . maybe this is how my story begins . 
well first of all , pat was a very good friend of mine . he was really a good friend , until something happened . 
i was attending college , as i normally do . with nothing to lose , at all , but on the contrary , with a lot to learn . 
i was very keen on english lessons , maybe because i was sitting near the boy i loved . yes , i think this was the only reason . his name was cody . he was a very handsome and good-looking boy . but more than that , he was a very kind person . 
pat told me that he was also in love with me . he told me that it was necessary to do something about it . but i didn't know what to do . 
pat suggested i talk to him . but i really didn't manage to do so . 
as pat was losing his patience , he decided to talk to him . i can say that i was very nervous and anxious about what was going to happen . he didn't keep my secret . 
pat told him that i was in love with him . this was my secret and now it was not . but even so , i think it was for the best , he was also in love with me . 
but on the other hand i will never trust pat . 
dear sir/madam
i am writing to complain about the problems at your musical show . 
first of all you said that the star would be danny brook but it was not . another actor took his place . 
also , the time that the show should have started was 19:30 but it started forty-five minutes later . people started to complain . 
what about the discounts ? they did not exist . 
except for apart from this , there is more . after the show i went to the theatre restaurant but it was closed because the chef of the restaurant was ill . this is not an excuse . 
you have to excuse me , but this was a very disappointing evening . i would like you to give me my money back . 
i am very disappointed with you . i did not expect these problems from you . i am waiting your answer as soon as possible . 
yours faithfully 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . one day brian , pat's best friend , told him a secret . it was an important secret for brian . he told him that he was in love with jane , a girl in their class . jane was a very good girl and she liked brian . pat told this secret to beth , jane's best friend . he didn't tell her the secret because he wanted to hurt brian but because he wanted to help him . brian was very ashamed embarrassed to ask jane out on a date . 
so , beth asked jane if she was in love with brian and she said that she was . 
when pat heard the good news he told brian to ask her out on a date and he knew that she would accept . 
brian learn learned found out what had happened and at first he was angry with pat but then he thanked him . jane and brian were very happy . 
brian and pat had a lot of arguments about this because pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . 
dear sir/madam , 
i am writing to you to complain about the unexpected evening i had when i went to see the musical show " over the rainbow " in your theatre . 
first of all , the time for the second session was meant to be at 19 . 30 , but somehow it began at 20 . 15 , which was a 45 minutes delay . 
i was also expecting to see the actor danny brook performing , but a different actor did , who did not perform as well as danny brook does . this was another disappointing thing about that evening . 
but my complaint does not finish here . it was my understanding that discounts were available on the tickets , as the advertisement showed , but there were no discounts . and what is more , i could not go to the restaurant after the show , as it was closed because the main chef was ill and could not come to work . 
definitely , it was not my perfect evening at all and under these circumstances i really believe you should give me my money back . 
looking forward to hearing from you , 
alessandra lane . 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . as soon as she arrived home , she phoned her best friend sue and told her everything , all details included . she also told her not to tell anybody about it because it was a secret . 
the thing was that mary couldn't resist the secrecy and phoned her cousin , who also studied in our school . she was the director of the school newspaper and mary didn't tell her it was a secret , so on monday at 9 a . m . my secret was published in the school paper and at the end of the day , eventually everybody had read the " news " . i didn't know it was published as i didn't read the paper and no one told me anything , either . but i soon knew it because when i went to the school canteen everybody was staring at me and whispering to each other . 
at first i didn't realise what was happening , but then a friend of mine told me that everyone knew that i was going out with the most popular boy in the school and that we had kissed each other in the park last friday . suddenly my face went all red and i ran towards the toilet . i had never felt so embarrassed and miserable in my life , but luckily next day almost everybody forgot about it . 
that day i swore to myself that i would never trust anybody again . 
dear manager , 
my name is joseph and i am writing this letter to complain about the mess that the administration of the circle theatre presented to me . 
last week my son and i went to see over the rainbow at the circle theatre . we paid to see danny brook , my son's favourite actor , but we seemed were quite disappointed . my son was very happy because he would see for the first time his favourite actor his favourite actor for the first time . however , that's just the beginning of the problems we had . expecting british punctuality , we went to the theatre at 19:00 to watch the 19:30 show but it only started at 20:15 . it finished later than it was supposed to and then we missed the train . i didn't see any discounts available ; i thought my son would paid have paid less than i . as we had already missed the first we went to the theatre restaurant , which is famous for its good food , however , it was closed . 
because of this , the least you can do for us is to give me my money back and work hard so that this theatre , which is famous for its beauty and punctuality doesn't become famous for its disorganised shows . 
thanks , 
people have seen in the last 10 years how different our clothes can become . clothes used to be made of cotton , but nowadays we can see shirts , pants , socks . . . . made of almost anything . it is a revolution in fashion that is starting now . nowadays we have drifit a kind of clothes that keep the temperature of our bodies , and clothes that don't get wet or even dirty . computers are little things nowadays , but at the speed at which technology develops , in the next century clothes will tell our doctors about our health at any moment , any time , anywhere , people will be able to locate us around the world . in the future we won't buy clothes according to size or even colour . our clothes will adapt to our bodies , the weather , our fit , all our needs . it has already started and has no limits . 
manager of the theatre , 
i recently had a week's holiday in london and went to see a musical show at your theatre with a friend . we had seen your advertisement for the show , which made it seem very attractive . 
unfortunately , the musical show wasn't much like that the one the advert had described , and that is why i want to ask you for some money back . 
the star had been changed , the show had started at 20:15 , and there were no discounts available . also the theatre restaurant was closed for renovation . and your last phrase in the advertisement was " your perfect evening out " ! it wasn't that at all , as i have explained to you above in this letter . 
i thank you in advance and hope for a positive require resonse . 
bests regards , 
when i began working in an insurance company , i had only an old writing machine typewriter , which made a lot of noise and was very difficult to write with because the switches buttons were hard on my small fingers . now i have a new computer , which is very easy to use , and comfortable for my fingers and also more faster faster . but when the computer doesn't work , i have a big problem doing my work . 
also now to write a letter to a friend overseas it is better to use the internet it is better to use the internet to write a letter to a friend overseas . it is so practical , in five minutes my friend can read my letter . and he can answer me very quickly . i think it is now the future of big companies to work with the internet . 
dear sir/madam , 
i am writing to inform you of some problems we had . i went to the theatre to see " over the rainbow " on 17th june . 
first of all , we went to the ticket office to get the tickets . i thought we could buy discounts tickets because of the advertisement . however , we couldn't buy them the price . eventually , we got the tickets , because we would want wanted to see the musical and danny brook . when we arrived at the theatre , we were very disappointed , because a different actor performed in the musical that day . in addition , it started at 20:15 . we had to wait over 40 minutes and we couldn't enjoy dinner at the theatre restaurant after the show . 
i think if the musical starts late , you should open the restaurant late . 
to tell the truth , we couldn't enjoy our evening . would it be possible for me to back my money for the tickets ? 
i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours faithfully . 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . 
we had a secret . after we finished school , we usually gathered in a certain place . where do you think it was ? 
it was ship ! ! there was a beach by our town . one day , freddie found it there . it was old and a little dilapidated . but it was the most important place in the world . we always played there and it was an adventure for us . 
one day , suddenly , a heavy storm came to our town . i went to the beach to check on our ship . my friends had gone there , too . we worried about it and we tried to pull it . it seemed to sink into the sea , but fortunately , the storm went away soon soon went away . our ship was left on the beach . and our parents and teachers were there , too , because pat had called them . of course we couldn't play there after that . 
but now i am thinking about our new secret place . where do you think that is ? 
it is a secret ! ! 
dear sir or madam , 
i have recently been on a holiday to london . during my stay i went to see the musical " over the rainbow " . now i want to complain about a few things which made me very disappointed . 
first the advertisement said that there were discounts available but there were not . 
secondly i would also like to say that the musical was supposed to start at 19 . 30 but it did not start until 20 . 15 . finally when it started we noticed to our surprise that it was not the right actor on stage . very disappointing , as danny brook is my favourite actor . we watched the musical in sadness . 
afterwards we wanted to go for a pleasant dinner . to our surprise the restaurant was closed because of a lack of staff to keep it open . 
it was certainly not a perfect night out . i would be very pleased if i could have my money back . i hope to receive payment as soon as possible . 
yours faithfully
freda svenssen
fashion of the future
what will clothes be like 100 years from now ? in what way will they change ? of course nobody knows the answer and maybe we should be happy about that . 
i gave it some thought the other day and when i think about future-clothing i can't take my mind off plastic fabrics . my conclusion is that people will wear less and thinner clothes . 
i mean when the earth's getting warmer and warmer because of the pollution that we people create in the world . maybe in the future they'll find a new fabric which protects you from dirt and dangerous sunshine . 
maybe everybody will end up wearing shorts and skirts . formal suits will be transformed into school-uniform-like shirts and knee-length shorts . 
anyway , we definitely know that they're going to change . if we live long enough we'll be able to find out how , so keep living ! 
lausanne , the 17th of june 2000
dear sir , 
last weekend , i was in london with my friend and i saw your musical show " over the rainbow " . 
i write this letter to you to explain to describe the very bad evening i have had in your theatre . in the paper it was writing written that the principal actor is " danny brook " but it wasn't him , it was a different actor whom we had never seen , or heard . i think it's really not right . 
they don't didn't respect the timetable , the show was meant to begin at 19:30 and it started at 20:15 . how can you explain this mistake ? ! 
but i am not finished , you wrote in the paper " discounts available " but it wasn't true ; it was very badly organised . after this bad show we had wanted to go to the restaurant for a drink and to eat something and it was closed and nobody explained to us why the restaurant wasn't open . 
so , i'm very angry when i think about this evening , and i want to have my money back . i think it's the minimum you have to do for me . 
thank you in advance . 
schools english language magazine
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets , this sentence is very popular in our school . pat is not an angry girl . she is very friendly but she can't keep a secret . last year , on a saturday evening , my boyfriend phoned me at 20 h and said to me , " would you like to go to the cinema with me . " i asked my parents but they said to me , " no , you can't go to the cinema , tomorrow you have school . " then i phoned pat to explain my big problem . pat said to me , " you say to your parents that you will sleep with me and you aren't going to the cinema . " i asked my parents and they said , " alright you can go to pat's to sleep . " i was very happy , i phoned my boyfriend and i told him my secret . he said alright , " alright , so at nine o'clock in front of the cinema " . i spent a really beautiful evening with pat and my boyfriend in the cinema , but on sunday my mother phoned pat's mother and pat's mother explained whole the the whole story to my mother . if pat hadn't told the secret to her mother told her mother the secret i would not have had a problem . since that saturday evening i have never spoken to pat . 
dear sir or madam , 
i'm writing to complain about the service you'd offered me last saturday evening at the circle theatre . 
i'd read your advertisement and it didn't tell the truth . there weren't any discounts available as you'd assured me in the ad . i think you should check the information before printing it ! 
i arrived at the right time ( 19 . 30 ) that evening but the play , which was 'over the rainbow' , started almost an hour late . and nobody told me why ! 
when the play began i realised that the main actor had been replaced and the new one wasn't good at all . 
i couldn't visit the theatre after the performance because it was closed for repairs . why didn't you say something about it ? 
i didn't have the 'perfect evening out' you'd promised so i want to ask for my money back because your service was terrible . 
please answer my letter as soon as possible . i'll be looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours faithfully , 
marcella , scalia c . 
'how has modern technology changed my daily life ? '
this is not a simple question because i have been used to dealing with technology since i was a child but i'm going to try to explain to you how . 
i didn't have a computer until i was eight . then my brother and i started to develop a new ability . at that time i used the computer only to play video games . 
when i was thirteen i discovered a completely different use for my computer . it became essential to doing my homework . and years later it enabled me to get a very good job . 
one day my mother got a terrible disease . she had to be operated on and my family and i were very scared . but when we talked to the doctor we felt more relaxed because he told us that the operation was a very simple one . 
i think that if my mother had got ill ten years before , she wouldn't have survived . modern technology is better now than it used to be . 
what do you think about this ? i'm sure that these arguments have explained my point of view , haven't they ? now i would like to have your point of view . 
dear sir/madam:
i am writing to you to complain about the musical show over the rainbow . my wife and i went to the circle theatre last saturday evening because we love the main actor , danny brook . we felt very disappointed when we discovered that danny had been replaced by an unknown and really bad actor . 
the show should have started at half past seven but we had to wait for forty-five minutes without any kind of explanation . 
not only was the show late and awful but it was expensive too . the advertisement said there were discounts available but when we arrived there the woman who sells the tickets told us the discounts were only available on monday evenings . 
despite the terrible evening we decided to go to the theatre restaurant to relax and have dinner , but we found it was closed because its floor was being repaired . 
as you can see it wasn't a perfect evening at all ! 
that is why i am writing to you . i want you to give us our money back because the things published in your advertisement aren't true . there should be no problem as i still have the tickets . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours faithfully , 
best detective stories of agatha christie
dear matt:
it's been a long time since i last wrote to you ! 
i'm always very busy travelling from one country to another , you know . 
i'm writing to you now because i've been told that a short story by agatha christie is going to be read on the radio . it will be next sunday on the local station at five o'clock in the evening . 
it's a story entitled accident , and i think you'll enjoy it . 
the story is about life in a small village . the main character is a retired police inspector who recognises a woman . 
that woman is supposed to have killed her husbands ( at least two ) , because she wanted their money . 
the policeman lets her know he has discovered her and he won't allow another crime . he threatens to tell her husband what she had done . however , she's a very clever woman and she doesn't look worried . 
in the end , the three of them are having a cup of coffee and one of the cups contains a terrible poison . there will be a horrible accident in a few seconds . 
listen to the radio if you want to know how it ends . 
drop me a line and let me know what you make of the story . 
best wishes , 
dear sirs
we are writing to you to complain about the musical show " over the rainbow " , which we saw last week in your theatre . 
we have spent a week's holiday in london and wanted to see a musical . we read an advertisement about your show , starring the well-known danny brook and tina truelove , in a local newspaper
we were very disappointed to hear that the actor was replaced by another one at the last minute . the advertisement said that it starts at 19 . 30 , but it actually started at 20:15 due to a problem with the sound . we were also surprised to discover that the student discounts weren't available for us , because they didn't accept our student identity cards from switzerland . 
we were very frustrated to read on the door of the theatre restaurant " closed due to holidays " , specially when we were really starving . 
this evening was a waste of time . so we ask you for our money back . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you soon . 
yours sincerely
how has modern technology changed your daily life ? 
could you figure out how your life would be without modern technology ? what is the effect it has on your environment ? were people happier in the past than today ? if you are interested in the question , you will be interested in this article . 
nowadays , technology takes up a large part of your daily life and improves the speed of the achievement . for example at work , we look at the computer screen all day , sending e-mail to the other side of the world , doing some research etc . we gain a lot of time with the computer , but if your computer broke down , you couldn't do anything because everything is on it . 
technology moves very fast , specially in the domain area of transportation . cars are able to reach 300 km per hour speed speeds of 300 km per hour and are more reliable than in the past . 
the major problem for the industrial cities is to deal with the bad effects of pollution on the environment . a lot of money is involved in research to stop the increase in levels of pollution . 
to sum up , all the improvements come at a price : the condition of the environment . we are too dependent on technology today . but we can ask ourselves , " what will happen in 50 years ? " our children will be able to travel to the moon as we travel to japan ? 
dear sir
owing to the bad organisation of the last play that was performed in your theatre in recent weeks , i want to tell you about some incorrect information that i found in your advertisement , as a result of which all the problems that i had occurred . 
first of all , i think if you go to a play and you are watching to see your favourite actor playing a good role and then there appears a silly one , who doesn't know what to do , it is disappointing . 
secondly , whole the the whole audience were waiting for the beginning of the play at 19 . 30 and it started at 20 . 15 , so i would like to know why you say one time in the advertisement and why you do what you want . 
another thing that i want to know is why you didn't give any discount though one was advertised in the advertisement . 
maybe , it is a good way to get an audience but i'm going to communicate tell my travel agent . 
when the play was finished i was looking for your theatre restaurant but it was closed because , as on the paper that was on the door was written was written on the paper that was on the door , it was too late . 
i think that it wasn't don't think it was my perfect evening out so i wait to be paid back refunded . 
yours faithfully
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets so she lost all her school friends . 
it all started when she was fifteen , when she started a new course in the institute and met some girls that in time would become her friends . 
three years passed and , as is normal between friends , she knew a lot of things about them , as her friends knew a lot about her
when it was time to take the final exam , she became ill and she couldn't do it so the teachers decided to allow her to pass the course because she had a lot of good marks , but on the other hand the principal disagreed and didn't give permission to pass her . 
she had to repeat that course and all her friends passed and as is usual the girls from the last course became popular . 
pat , to win her new classmates' friendship , told everything that she knew about her friends and , because of what pat said , her friends ended their friendship with pat because their popularity was damaged . 
pat's classmates did the same and pat ended up alone . 
dear sir/madam , 
i saw the musical show in your advertisement during my holiday . i was disappointed with it . i must ask you for my money back . 
first of all , i was really looking forward to seeing danny brook but , actually , starring was not it did not star danny brook but another person . 
besides , her acting didn't make me satisfied . 
secondly , the starting time was not 19:30 but 20:15 . because of that , i waited for a long time . 
also , there was no system that ticket can be discounted . 
finally , i went to the restaurant in your theatre but it was closed . i couldn't eat anything . 
that's the nub of my complaints . 
thus i had a terrible time - it was a waste of time . 
i'm expecting your reply soon . 
yours faithfully , 
'fashion of the future ' 
i think after 100 years , at least something will change as regards design , material , colour , etc . 
if i pick up an example , the kimono ( traditional japanese clothing ) will be worn in not only not only in japan but also in other countries in general . 
also it will be only wear but its design , shape might take in casual cloth . 
if it came true , imagination to make cloth would bigger and could think various design and format . 
through one country's traditional clothing taking in those of another country , it can born different type and new kind of fashion . 
on the other hand , there might vanish the personality ( character ) of each country the personality ( character ) of each country might vanish . 
however , thinking way that simple is the best will not change . 
also , comfortable clothing for person will maintain in the future . i guess the good things will not change forever . 
dear sir/madam , 
recently i had a week's holiday in london . during my stay i went to the circle theatre to see " over the rainbow " , " london's newest and best musical show . " i have to admit that this was my great mistake . never before had i had such a disappointing evening . 
first of all , there was an old , ugly , and unknown actor in the main part instead of the brilliant danny brook ! 
to make matters worse , the show started at 20 . 15 , although the advertisement said it would begin at 19 . 30 . 
moreover , there weren't any discounts , and i had to pay much more for my ticket than i had expected . 
and on top of everything your theatre restaurant was closed because of the waiters' strike , so i had to look for another place to have a snack . 
you can imagine how upset i am at having suffered such discomfort and disappointment . it wasn't a " perfect evening out " at all ! that is why i expect at least half the ticket price back . i hope you will give this matter your immediate consideration . otherwise i'll have to apply to the courts for aid . 
yours faithfully , 
fashion of the future . 
what will clothes be like 100 years from now ? this question is not simple to answer . on the one hand , science and technology have been developing rapidly , and god knows what new materials will be invented in the future . we probably will be wearing dresses made of synthetic cloth in 2100 . of course , these new materials won't be so harmful to our health as today's nylon and other things like that . 
on the other hand , people tend to wear natural clothes today , made of cotton , wool etc . this tendency may result in rejecting synthetics completely . 
and it is even more difficult to predict what clothes in the future will look like . people's imaginations are enormous . 
anyway , we'll give up wearing fur coats as it is cruel and uncivilised . 
dear sir of madam , 
i am writing to complain about the musical which was performed at the circle theatre last week . i saw the performance and it was not as it was described in the advertisement i read in the local newspaper . 
first of all , the main actor was not dany brook as was expected . that was very disappointing . secondly it was meant to have started at 14 . 30 and ended by 19 . 30 . however , it started at 20 . 15 . i had to wait almost an hour . then , i was planning to buy three 20 tickets because it was mentioned in the advertisement that there were discounts available but that was not true , so i could just buy two tickets and my son could not see the show . finally , i was thinking of having dinner in the theatre restaurant after the show but it was closed due to some problems with the employees . 
what was supposed to be a perfect and enjoyable evening , resulted in a very disappointing time . so i would be grateful if you paid for a full refund of the money i spent on the tickets . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours faithfully
computers , radio , cds , satellite television and a lot of other things have changed my daily life . modern technology affects the way things are done and many aspects of my life , and it has some advantages as well as some disadvantages . 
on the one hand , technology is a great help for me at school . what i mean is that computers are very useful for doing my homework ( like some monographies or research ) . and i can't even think what it would be like not having a computer . another advantage is that , for example , satellite television , which is an example of modern technology , keeps me informed about what is happening in the whole world . 
on the other hand , i have to admit that technology makes things so easy that when i have to do them without it i find it very difficult . the best example is the homework i have to do for school . i can't manage to do it when i don't have my computer to help . in addition to that , technology sometimes doesn't let me develop my imagination and creative skills . my mother says that i'm always playing with my computer or watching t . v . instead of reading or doing some more interesting activities . 
to sum up , i can't think what my life would be like without technology . 
dear sir or madam , 
i have recently had a week's holiday in london and , during my stay , i went to see the musical show 'over the rainbow' , which was shown at your theatre . 
first , the advertisement said that there were discounts available , but when i went to buy the tickets there were not any discounts . 
as if this was not enough , the show , instead of starting at half past seven as the advertisement said , started at a quarter past eight and one of the main actors , who was supposed to be danny brook , was someone else . 
on top of everything , the restaurant which was advertised in the advertisement was closed because it was being arranged . 
you can imagine how disappointed i felt after that evening , and i am writing to ask you for a refund of part of the money . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you soon . 
yours faithfully
i think modern technology hasn't changed my life a lot , but it has in some things: i work with music and with graphic design too , and computers help me a lot with these things . 
in music , before i had a computer i could only write my compositions and 'listen' to them in my mind , because , of course , i haven't got an orchestra to play them , but now i can just record one part , and then another part , and then another one . . and i can get the sound of every instrument , controlling it with a keyboard , or even create new sounds . 
in graphic design , before i had a computer i could just draw , but now i can create pictures pixel by pixel , develop ideas more easily , or put photographs into my computer and transform them or mix them . 
but , in other things , i think modern technology hasn't changed my way of life too much: i do more or less the same as i did some years ago: i get up in the morning , go to school , have lunch , study and go out with my friends without being affected by microchips or nuclear energy . 
dear mr redford , 
i'm writing to you to complain about the problems which were shown at the " over the rainbow " musical show . 
in the advertisement i read that danny brook starred in the show but when i got there i realised there was a different actor in his place whose acting wasn't good enough . 
i have also read that the show was supposed to start at 19:30 but it didn't . it started at 20:15 leaving us waiting for forty five minutes . you have also advertised that there would be discounts available but there weren't and that we could visit the theatre restaurant after the show but it was closed because they were redecorating it . in the advertisement you write that it's the perfect evening out but all these problems made my evening at the show very unpleasant . 
as you are the manager of the show , you should try to avoid these sorts of problems in future shows . i also ask you to return some of my money for the unpleasant evening i spent at your show . 
in the future people will wear clothes made of polyester and nylon because cotton and wool will be rare and expensive . 
clothes will be bright coloured and loose . i don't think anyone will wear a suit as it will be old-fashioned . 
also i think clothes will have many gadgets on them like a small oxygen mask in case someone goes in a place with extended pollution - i think there will be many such places in a hundred years - and a hat designed to protect people from the strong rays of the sun at midday because the ozone layer will be destroyed in a hundred years and the sunrays will do damage to the human skin . 
also the clothes in a hundred years will have the ability to cool down the people who wear them in the summer and the same clothes will keep them warm on cold winters' days . 
as you can realise , i think the future's clothes will be adjusted not only according to fashion and the seasons but to the needs of every on as to protect from the earths pollution as well . 
dear mr smith , 
last week my family and i had a holiday in london . at the end of the holiday we decided to go to the theatre . i insisted on going to your theatre , to the circle theatre , because i have heard that it is one of the best theatres in london . that day you were showing , , the over the rainbow " . as you have written in the advertisement: it is london's newest and best musical show . but my family and i had a very disappointing evening . this was because , firstly , in it said in the advertisement that this music show would star danny brook and tina truelove , but it wasn't so . danny brook didn't act in the performance , there was another , unknown , actor . and he acted awfully , i couldn't hear him . then in the advertisement it said that the performance began at 19 . 30 . my family and i came at that time and had to wait till 20:15 , because the show started only at that time . i was very nervous . what is more , you wrote that discounts were available , but that was also a lie . after the show i was very disappointed , because i spent a lot of money for nothing and my husband decided to make me a pleasure . he suggested having supper in your theatre restaurant . but when we got to it , we saw that the restaurant was closed , because it was being reconstructed . but why do you mention about the restaurant in the advertisement , if it is closed ? so this evening was terrible . it spoilt all my impression of london . and now i require request my money back , because nothing that was mentioned in the advertisement i didn't get i didn't get anything that was mentioned in the advertisement . 
there are a lot of new modern technologies around the world , which appeared not long ago . among them , the mobile telephone , computers , telefaxes , different machines appliances for the kitchen , machines which help housekeepers to do any work about the house . all of them play a very great role in people's daily life . the first change is that they greatly simplify the life of people . for example , now women don't spend a lot of time in the kitchen , preparing the meal or washing dishes . they can just turn on their dish machines dishwashers and go to do something that they think more pleasant . so with the appearance of new modern technology people have got much more free time . the computer also plays a very important role in the daily life of people . some years ago people , especially students , had to run to libraries in order to find a book about something . but now they can use the internet , where you can find any information you need . very often i use the internet i use the internet very often , and i must say it is very convenient . another piece of modern technology that i use is a mobile telephone . 
if i need to say something important to my parents or my friends , or if something terrible has happened to me , i do not have to run somewhere to find a telephone box . i just use my mobile phone . finally , i can say that modern technology really helps people in their work . with it people do their work more quickly and successfully . 
dear sir , 
during a week's holiday i had in london , i went to see your last musical show called " over the rainbow " at the circle theatre . i saw an advertisement which made it seem very attractive to me . 
i have to say , it was not the best musical show . i think it was pretty bad . i had a very disappointing evening for many reasons . 
firstly , i decided to go see your show to be entertained by the performance of danny brook so i was very sad to find another actor on the stage . another thing was the time . in fact , the show started at 20:15 instead of 19:30 . it's unbelievable it was late 45 minutes 45 minutes late . 
when i got to the ticket office before the show to buy my ticket i asked for a senior discount , and the woman told me there were no discounts available such as i had read on the advertisement . 
after the show , i went to the restaurant to have a drink after all of these disappointments , but the doors were close because of renovations . 
i think you will understand why it was not " my perfect evening out " as you said , but one of the worst . for all these reasons i am asking you to give me my money back . 
best regards , 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets , in fact she was so bad at that she got me in trouble . once i was on vacation with her in america , in chicago to be exact . we stayed with a host family in a suburb of the city . we spent three weeks over there , the weather was great , the people we met were very interesting so everything was perfect . we mostly had a wonderful time . we went there 3 years ago and i was only 19 years old and as everyone knows the age of majority , for being when you are able to go out in the usa , is 21 years old . if you have not reached your majority you aren't allowed to drink or smoke , or , even worse , to go into a bar . so one night pat , who was 5 years older than i , and i decided to go to a bar even if we knew i wasn't allowed in . at the entrance , the security guard asked for my identity card , pat gave hers and told him that i'd forgotten i'd left it at home . the man said it was ok this time and we got in quite easily , we'd made it . it was such fun , we met a lot of different people , we danced , we had a wonderful time . after a few hours of dancing we started to get thirsty . we went to the bar and asked for an alcoholic drink . of course by the time we got it we had forgotten all the stuff about the majority . the barman asked me my age and pat told him without thinking anytime 19 years old ! then she realized but it was too late . the manager came , he called the police and the beginning of a great evening ended with a night in jail and an expensive fine ! thank you pat for keeping a secret so well ! ! 
dear mr manager of the circle theatre
during my last holiday in london i went to the circle theatre after reading the advertisement for the " over the rainbow " show . i wanted to spend my free time well by taking in that cultural event . how stupid of me ! i felt really disappointed . first of all , in the advertisement it was written , as i had read before , that danny brook would be starring in the show . unfortunately , a different actor stood in for him . the time of the beginning of the show was written as half past two p . m . and half past seven that evening , again . lack of time made me go to the evening show . and unfortunately again , for some reason , it was delayed until quarter past eight . another problem - in the advertisement it was definitely written that there were some discounts on the tickets . no , alas , in reality it appeared to be a mistake . according to the advertisement , after the show anyone could go to the theatre restaurant for a drink . that appeared impossible , because the theatre restaurant was closed . the reason was unknown . that wasn't enough still . at the end of the advertisement i noticed it said something about a perfect evening out . it wasn't true . that's why i am writing my letter to you and i am asking for my money back . i was expecting something much better . mr manager , i warn you , if i don't get my money back , we'll meet in court . 
yours faithfully 
i believe , living in a modern country , that science and technology affect every aspect of my daily life . looking back to the past , i can see how big a difference there is between the life of my grandparents and mine . people living in the past couldn't travel so much as we can now and couldn't express the news around the world as we do now , in the present day . they could not communicate with someone living in another country , located far away from their own . using mobile phones , e-mails or the internet , we have better access to a lot of different information . 
so , we are in a better situation now . but there are some drawbacks , which appeared in recent years . for example , a lot of pollution has been created . we now breathe worse air in our lungs than our grandparents breathed . i think we are more addicted to doing some things which are not concerned with human nature . for example , people are addicted today to watching tv or often using mobile phones . i don't really mind them . but i think and strongly believe that we are a part of nature . and the modern technology that we use in our everyday life might not only help us , but determinly might destroy us . 
dear sir or madam , 
i am writing to you because of the unpleasant evening i have had recently . 
i had always thought that the plays of the circle theatre are worth seeing , but two days ago i was very disappointed after visiting your theatre . earlier i had seen an advertisement for the show but the information on it was false . 
first of all , i did not see my favourite actor , danny brook . the second thing is that the play did not start at 19:30 but at 20:15 ! i could not get a discount . the last thing is that it was impossible to go to the theatre restaurant because it was closed . i was told that it had been painted but nobody had written that on the advertisement . 
finally , i would like to say that my evening out two days ago was not perfect and i would be glad if you could give my some money back give some of my money back . 
yours faithfully 
modern technology is changing the world every day . i would like to write about how it has influenced my daily life . 
i am a student at a technical university . some time ago i did not know anything about the internet . when i needed some information i had to go to the library to find it in books or newspapers . now the only thing i have to do is to go to the computer room and turn on the computer . the computer is helpful when i want to contact somebody very fast . i just send an e-mail and that is all ! 
the second thing is that when i needed a phone card to call somebody i had to stand in a long queue . now i just put some money into a machine and i can take the card from there ! 
the last example is that i have a lot of modern equipment in my house , like a tv set , fridge and microwave which help me in my life . 
it is obvious that modern technology has changed my daily life . 
to whom it may concern , 
i am writing to tell you that i had a very disappointing evening at a musical show at your theatre . there are some things that i was not completely satisfied with and i would like to point them out . 
firstly , the advertisement said that danny brook was going to star in the musical but it turned out to be a completely different person , which was very disappointing . it was very unprofessional of you to have printed the wrong starring name in the paper . secondly , according to the advertisement , the musical was supposed to start at 19 . 30 but it actually started at 20 . 15 , which caused me problem problems . as for my ticket , i was expecting to get a discount as a student , as it said i would in the advertisement . however , none was actually available , which was very disappointing again . then , i was hoping to have a meal at the theatre restaurant , which was recommended in the advertisement . however , it was not possible for me to do so as the restaurant was closed due to the staff vacation , which i thought was very unprofessional . 
with all the dissatisfaction above , therefore , i would like to ask for some of my money back as my evening was not what it should have been . 
i hope that you will consider this letter carefully and try to improve your service . 
yours faithfully , 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . how did we know that she was that kind of person ? well , it all began when pat's friend , molly , went down to london . . . 
molly went down to london for the shopping and as she was walking along the street , she saw some familiar faces on the other side of the street . it was vance and sally , whom she had not seen for ages . pat , too , is a friend of theirs and has seen them from time to time . 
molly , vance and sally had a quick chat and said good-bye to each other as , to molly , they seemed to be in a hurry and as molly knew that they had been dating , she wanted them to enjoy their time together . 
when molly went back home to aberdeen , she told pat that she had met vance and sally in london . then , suddenly , pat's face turned to look confused and she said in a small voice , ' didn't they break up a long time ago ? sally must have a new boyfriend ' . as molly didn't know this , she was so surprised and tried to ask more about it . then , pat realized that it was supposed to be kept a secret but it just came out of her mouth ! she didn't mean to do it , but this kind of thing happens a lot . now pat is feeling so guilty about what she has done because molly isn't good at keeping secrets either ! everyone is going to know that sally has been cheating both on vance and her new boyfriend and poor vance is always the last person to know . 
17th june 2000
dear sir , 
i am writing to inform you about the bad experience i had yesterday evening going to the theatre . 
according to the advertisement , one of the actors who would perform was danny brook but for some unknown reasons , there was another , disappointing actor instead of him . 
by the way , the musical show started at 20:15 , when it was meant to start at 19:30: it wasn't just late , it was too much much too late . we waited an hour to not see what we were waiting for . 
and what's more , there weren't any discounts available and the theatre restaurant was closed: the only people who could enter were the actors and the staff . 
well , it seems that it wasn't my perfect evening and for all these reasons i demand to have my money back , i wasted 20 to see a show which doesn't respect the programme i paid for . 
looking forward to hearing from you soon
yours sincerely
science and technology have changed man's life: that's true , i don't need to look at how they affect the lives of others , i only have to see how they have changed my life . 
radio , television , stereo , cd , computer: it's hard to believe , but every day i'm using something that was born from technology . science and technology can be useful: see for example the use of tv in the school or the use of the radio to learn a foreign language or the use of the computer to get further information about something that interests you . 
but they can also have a bad influence on people's minds . since i went to school , i've seen my way of thinking change : in my mind everything must be in order like in the cd-rom of a computer . it's incredible but if i think of the key-word of the mind , the only one i can think of is order . then there are television , radio , stereo: another bad aspect is that every day , consciously , i'm using these instruments . they are objects which make up part of my life . in the afternoon i spend two hours listening to the radio or watching television instead of going to the city centre: it seems i prefer staying with objects without an aim and that can't speak with me , rather than meeting new people , speaking with them and having being in contact with the " human world " . am i crazy ? no , i'm only a daughter of technology . 
yesterday my grandmother asked me what would i i would do without the computer . i answered her saying i probably would die . 
dear manager , 
last week i went to the circle theatre , for which you are responsible , to see the musical show " over the rainbow " . the advertisement outside the theatre described a lot of interesting things to enjoy . i am writing this letter because i have had a very disappointing evening . everything in the advertisement has been done in the wrong way . firstly there was a different actor in the starring role ; you had written danny brook and he was absent . i had attended the show because i like danny brook a lot , but you had changed the programme . moreover the advertisement said that the time of the show was 19 . 30; on the contrary it started 45 minutes late . another thing that was wrong is about discounts: you had written they were available , but they were not and so i had to pay the full price . but the worst thing was that after the show the restaurant in the theatre was closed and so i had to go to another place to have dinner . 
so it was not " my perfect evening out " and because of my disappointment i am writing to ask you for some money back . 
i think modern technology has changed mankind's life a lot , especially since last century . the changes brought by modern technology are so important that today no one can live without this technology or without a part of it . in my situation for example cars and motorcycles are a necessity : i live on a little mountain at 160 metres altitude so i cannot go to the city using a bicycle . because of my " isolation " the telephone is very important and i need a good personal computer with a modem and the internet to study or do research , because there are not any book shops to buy or borrow books in my little town . moreover my mother does not let me go out with my friends to the city without a cellular phone because it is too far and she gets worried . another thing that i appreciate a lot is the electric guitar; i like very much to play guitar to play guitar very much , and in my free time i prefer to play electric , than acoustic or classical guitar , using distortion and gain and the highest volume possible . 
saturday 17th june
dear sir , 
i am writing to complain about your musical show . i am not really satisfied with it . lots of information in your advertisement is not correct . some problems of organisation seem to have appeared . 
firstly , i hoped to have a relaxing evening at your show but that didn't happen . in your advertisement you announced the actors were danny brook and tina truelove . they were replaced by less famous actors . unfortunately , the musical was boring . i was terribly disappointed . moreover , it started at 20 . 15 instead of 19 . 30 as you had written . i had to wait for 45 minutes doing nothing . i wish you had informed us beforehand . 
secondly , i had to pay full price whereas you guaranteed us some discount prices . i was very interested in visiting your theatre restaurant after the show but it seemed to me it was closed . your assistant prevented us from visiting it because it was too late and he was so busy . 
finally , you thought that you could give us a perfect evening but that was not true . consequently , i would like you to refund my ticket . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely , 
nowadays , we need modern technology to improve daily life . in my opinion , science and technology will have consequences on my behaviour . 
first of all , as you know , lots of technology has advanced in a few years . for example , without using the internet i could not get through to foreign people . this interactive method of communication allows me to reach everybody everywhere without restrictions . i feel free as an eagle . i can take advantage of such technologies as mobile phones , lap top computers , televisions , to have contact with different cultures . 
secondly , technology has changed my daily life because it allows me to do many more things than before . unfortunately , it could be an inconvenience for me because of pollution from cars and factories . i can't go to the town centre of a big city . there are links between the greenhouse effect , technology and me . 
to conclude , we must not forget that science and technology is a tool to help us to live better . be careful , my own technology can kill me . i can use it but only within limits . 
dear mr. smith , 
i am writing to you in order to describe my last visit to your theatre . unfortunately , i am very disappointed about the organisation of your company . 
firstly , the musical show started not at 7 . 30 p . m . but 45 minutes later . i paid for this performance the full price of 20 because discounts were not available although in your advertisement they were . and the biggest disappointment for me was that the great danny brook , the best singer in london , wasn't present and it was singing another unknown person another unknown person was singing . and last but not least , i found out after the show that your theatre restaurant was closed because waiters didn't come . . . 
i don't know whether it is a typical situation in the circle theatre that it promises much more then the people can get for their money , or whether it was on june 7 ( my visit ) only , but i do not approve of such a situation and must ask you for my money back - my bank account number is enclosed . i am looking forward to your answer . 
yours faithfully
in my opinion , modern technology has changed our daily life tremendously . 
first of all it changed our lifestyle . for example , ten years ago almost all people visited cinemas and today they prefer watching films at home because they have relatively good video-recorders and tvs . because people have fast and comfortable cars , they are much more mobile and can spend their free time more active actively - they can often visit their friends and travel much more . people today are more open for the world . 
secondly , we can do our jobs today more efficiently . we have modern equipment for communication - phones , faxes , e-mail . we can communicate with our partners clients faster and better and offer them better services . ordered goods can be delivered in a shorter time by trains , trucks and modern ships . if we are more efficient we can earn more money and spend it more in our daily life - on better clothes , furniture , spare time . 
i am a fan of modern technology . 
dear sir/madam
during my holiday in london i decided to go to the theatre . i found your advertisement in the tourist board offices and as the musical " over the rainbow " seemed to be a good option i chose it . 
the problem is that there were some differences between the advertisement and the show i saw . first , danny brook wasn't the star that night , he was replaced by an actor that seemed like a rookie . another problem , the show started at 20:15 instead of 19:30 and when it finished i couldn't have dinner because the theatre's restaurant was closed ( it closes at 22:00 ) . moreover , there weren't any discounts available ( i'm a student but i paid for a full-price ticket ) . 
how it was explained above , i'm not satisfied and i want to be given a refund . 
yours faithfully
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . she's the sister of my ex-girlfriend , who is called eingrid . she was a really nice person and loved me a lot . we'll understand why i'm writing about the past . 
last weekend we decided to go to the beach with pat and nick ( her boyfriend ) . when we arrived there eingrid and pat decided to sunbathe while i and nik walked on the sand . later after a long time walking we decided to return and now the weather was so hot we decided to find a place to drink something . then i found an ex-girlfriend that eingrid hates . we had a little conversation and suddenly she kissed me , but i refused to continue . i called nick to go search for the girls ( he was in the wc ) and said goodbye to her . 
when we met the girls eingrid was furious , she said to me that pat had seen me kissing another girl and our relationship was over ! i'm really very unlucky . 
dear sirs , 
the circle theatre was once the best theatre in my opinion , but now , i must change my opinion . 
i visited your theatre yesterday . i would have liked to see the best musical show with the best artists . 
unfortunately , instead of danny brook we have seen an unknown actor . we were disappointed . moreover , this show did not start at 19 . 30 , but 45 minutes later . 
another problem - the tickets for students according to your advertisement should be available with discounts . unfortunately i could not buy such a ticket . 
during the interval i would have liked to drink coffee in the theatre restaurant - it was closed . i don't know why . i would not have thought that so serious a theatre would make such mistakes . 
in accordance with , i would like to ask you to return me my money . 
i hope that your answer will be positive , and in the future in your theatre all will be o . k . 
yours faithfully
what will clothes be like 100 years from now ? 
" fashion of the future " - it is a good question . fashion is changing every year . during the next fashion shows we see new clothes . 
in my opinion , in the future people will wear clothes made of natural fabrics; silk , cotton , leather , wool . all synthetic material will be uncomfortable for these people . 
women will prefer long skirts and short blouses and jackets . of course , the clothes will be smart . 
young people will wear jeans and t-shirts . such clothes are comfortable and easy wearing to wear . teenagers have no free time to go to the launderette . 
men will wear as usual - a suit . 
fashionable colours - they will be earth colours: grey , blue , yellow , brown . 
for special occasions , for example a party , a concert , people will dress very smartly . i think that it will be dresses , and suits sewed by the well-known tailors . 
all materials should be thin , delicate and soft , because of the warm climate . 
i think that we will observe a few slow changes in fashion , but i hope that new clothes will always be pleasant for people . 
dear sir , 
i am writing to complain about the musical show " over the rainbow " performed at " the circle theatre " on the 20th of may . 
to begin with , the show was supposed to start at 19:30 but , due to a " technical problem " , as they said , it started at 20:15 . however , it would not have been such a great problem if the show had proved to be as good as they promised but it really was not worth seeing , especially because the main actor was not danny brook , whom we expected , but an unknown , clearly an inexperienced young actor , named tom douglas . 
what is more , there were no discounts available on the ticket prices nor had we the opportunity to visit the theatre restaurant , as it was closed for mourning reasons . 
i am not satisfied with the service we received , i am therefore writing to request a full refund and i expect to receive a cheque by post for 20 . 
yours faithfully , 
like blind sheep
in the 21st century , people will all the wearing the same clothes , the same shoes , they will be buying the same accessories . we'll get up in the morning and find that our neighbour wears the same jacket and he's boasting about a pair of shoes which are too similar to ours . 
the thing is we are too fashion conscious , too fussy about our appearance and we'll end up buying smart clothes only because the people next door are doing so ! ! 
the reason why we'll do this is that we need to be accepted by the elite group that decide who you must be and how you must behave . they make you think there's noting left to do but to surrender and do what you've been told to , like blind sheep . 
anyway , i don't really mind what people will be wearing in 100 years' time . as for me the only thing i care about in the morning is that i don't have mismatched socks ! 
dear sir ! 
i am writing with reference to your theatre . i would like to apologise to you for my controversial opinion but i feel really disappointed . firstly , i would like to explain to you what the problem is . i came to london for a short holiday to meet new people and to have a taste of english culture . i'd seen your advertisement which recommended the play 'over the rainbow' and i liked it very much . i decided to go to the circle theatre with the hope that your show would provide me with all these emotions that i had been looking for in great britain . please forgive me but you didn't do your best . i heard about danny brook in poland and i wanted to see him on the stage but it wasn't possible . there was a change to the lead which annoyed me a lot . furthermore , the show was to begin at about 19 . 30 but it didn't . you were 45 minutes late . waiting was horrible . in the advertisement 'discounts available' was written . shall i ask you one question ? - why weren't they available ? everybody was shocked and i was trying to keep the faith . i didn't expect more surprises at your theatre . nevertheless , after the show i was very hungry so i went to the theatre restaurant and what did i see ? a poster: " closed because of the illness of the chef . " there were some more disappointing situations about which i don't want to write . finally - you offered a wonderful evening but i must say that if i had known that it was going to be like that i wouldn't have wasted my time . i feel entitled to write this letter and i feel the opportunity . i would like to receive get back my money . i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours faithfully 
how has modern technology changed your daily life ? the entrance to the new millennium brought us a lot of changes . many things have been replaced by others which are more helpful and useful . the most important thing for me is using a computer . the main advantage is that it provides you with all the information that you need . for example , you have to write an essay about the 2nd world war . you get on to the internet and you're looking for those facts and information which will help you to do your homework . searching in the computer's memory takes about 1 minute so it is very fast . furthermore you can play with the computer , and unfortunately this fact especially has changed my life . 
playing the games takes up a lot of time and it has become a bad habit . i have no time for learning and for domestic chores . on the other hand , playing games and using a computer widen widens my brain so , as you can see , this modern stuff has got many advantages and disadvantages . 
the next thing that has changed my life is a mobile telephone . this little thing brings a lot of satisfaction . it is very useful too . i have got a steady contact with my parents and friends . i have no problems with changing the time of a meeting because i can always phone . but actually it is boring when you're almost always under observation . the modern technologies have brought to my life a lot of changes . it is even seen in domestic chores . for example , i've got at home a very modern and special machine which irons by itself . my mother is happy and i am happier because i don't need to make an effort to iron the clothes . i only press the button and everything is done fine . 
these are the main reasons why i admit that technology has changed my life and other people's life . 
i admire the people who made those machines and i would like to give them a tribute . they made my life better . 
dear sir/madam , 
i am writing to complain about the musical show advertised in your latest leaflet . 
first of all , i would like to say that it was the worst performance i had ever seen and it disappointed me very much . 
although your advertisement stated that the main actor would be danny brook , it was not him and a different man appeared , who was not prepared for the role . 
secondly , your advertisement stated that the second show should start at 19:30 . this was not true because the audience had to wait until 20:15 . 
then , i did not get a discount and i had to buy a full-price ticket , although i am not an adult yet . 
finally , i was hungry after waiting for the show and wanted to order something to eat . this was , however , impossible because the theatre restaurant was closed for unknown reasons . 
i would like you then to send the money back to me because i did not enjoy the show at all and the ticket cost a fortune . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours faithfully , 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . 
she heard from her friend jon that paul , the worst pupil at school , had thrown an enormous frog inside the desk of miss colston , their english teacher . 
miss colston was an old woman , who wanted her pupils to understand and admire english novels and poems . 
but the children were bored during her lessons and paul was very disappointed that she didn't read any funny stories . 
so he decided to scare the old woman away from school . now he thought it was stupid to tell jon about it , as he was the best friend of pat . " oh , that girl will cause some problems " - he thought when miss colston entered the classroom . she approached the desk and wanted to open it , but suddenly pat shouted - " miss colston , please , don't do that . there's a frog " . the teacher stared at the whole class and calmly whispered - " who did it ? " 
" oh , god " - thought paul - " the next time i will throw a frog into pat's rucksack . " 
dear sir , 
i am writing to complain about my visit to the circle theatre during my last holiday in london . i saw a musical show and it was not my favourite time . 
i was confused because there was a different actor in place of danny brook . secondly , the show started at 20 . 15 . this is why i was feeling invited to your restaurant after the show . unfortunately , i found closed doors and no information about the reason . i would like to add that , being a student , i find discounts very important for my budget . also , without any reason being given they were not available . 
i will be glad if you will send my money back . 
yours faithfully , 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . this was the reason why we were in horrible trouble with the police . what is more , our friends didn't want to talk to us . 
let's go back to the beginning of this story . i and my friends had a holiday and decided to spend a few days on an " island " . we called this place this , because it was a piece of land in the middle of our lake . we tried to survive there without returning to land - to our town . there was no light at night so we had to find some wood to make a fire . i was walking with my friend pat in a forest when we discovered some gold . this is no joke ! there was a secret place where a robber kept gold stolen from a bank . we found the solution to this desperate situation - to say nothing to anybody . so we tried to keep our secret for 2 days but . . . 
i think you are able to imagine what happened later . 
to the manager of the circle theatre ! 
i have recently been to london and i saw the show " over the rainbow " at the circle theatre . i have to say that it was a very disappointing evening for me . it should have started at 19 . 30 and it started at 20:15 ! there were no discounts available and the theatre's restaurant was closed . but the worst thing about " london's newest and best musical show " , as you called it , was the absence of danny brook . the actor which who was " dancing " was horrible . he was mistaking making mistakes all the time . in the advertisement , it was written " your perfect evening out " . well , it wasn't perfect ! i want you to give me back my money . i hope that in future you will correct all these mistakes . 
yours faithfully 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . i told him my worst love story . one day , i was going to school by bus and - i don't know why - i went to the end of it . i looked up and i saw her , standing next to me with her friend . every time i looked up at her my legs were shaking so i couldn't get up and talk to her ! but with help from my friend , who convinced me to do this , i met her . her name was sue and she was so beautiful that i still can't find words which could be good to describe her . i was constantly seeing her but my shyness made my mouth close so i couldn't say anything ! i was in love but that wasn't nice . a few days later someone told me that sue was actually a boy ! that was supposed to be a joke from my " colleagues " ! from that moment i felt like i had been in front of a video camera and the operator of it was me ! i couldn't speak to anyone . the worst thing in this story is that pat told this to everyone at school . from that moment i have lived alone . thanks to pat . 
17/6/2000
saturday 
dear sir or madam , 
i am writing to inform you about my disappointing evening which i spent at the play " over the rainbow " presented by the circle theatre . 
the problems started at the beginning . although it wrote said 19 . 30 in the advertisement , the play began at 20 . 15 . in addition , a different actor was starring instead of danny brooks and this was the most disappointing thing that evening for me and my friends . 
i was told we would be able to get discounts , however , i could not get any . i also went to your theatre restaurant after the show , but it was closed because it was being redecorated . as a result , i could not have my perfect evening out . 
for all the reasons i have mentioned above , i would like to get at least half of my money back . 
i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
yours faithfully , 
17/6/2000
secrets' damage
unfortunately , pam wasn't very good at keeping secrets , and this made her lose her friends , her job and everything she had . 
from the time she began university , the problems began . she was telling the secrets of her friends to the others . one day , her friends got fed up with this and ended their friendship . pam was sorry but there was nothing she could do about this . 
then she began to work at a company . one day , she again told the secret formula for a product to a friend of hers . unfortunately , this friend told this to some other people and when it was understood that pam was guilty , she was fired . 
life was harder than ever for pam then . she had no friends . nobody wanted to talk to her either . one day , she moved to a farm and nobody has heard from her since then . 
dear sir , 
i am writing to explain to you what the problems were at the musical show " over the rainbow " at your theatre . 
on your flyer i read that the actor was danny brook , but in the show there was a different actor: this is the first disappointing thing . 
the second problem was that the show should have started at 19:30; but it did not; it started at 20:15 ! 
on the flyer i read that we could have got get some discounts , but it was not true . 
this is a very disappointing thing ! 
then after the show your theatre restaurant was closed because the staff were not there; so we could not visit it . 
i expected you to provide " our perfect evening out " for us; but you did not , for unknown reasons . 
so , now i ask you to send my money back , because i really did not enjoy that night . 
i look forward to hearing from you . 
yours sincerely , 
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . 
kim , her friend , used to go camping at sunset village every year , and that year kim asked pat to come with her . she accepted . 
in the evening pat and kim used to walk along the beach and they used to stop and turn at the main rock , a very big rock . 
but one night , with the moonlight , they felt encouraged to continue their walk . pat was a little bit afraid , but kim convinced her to follow her saying that she knew the street . but , when they heard a scream , they stopped and , when they saw a shadow coming toward them , they started running , hearing a voice saying: " our secret ! " 
when they returned to caan , their town , they promised to keep silent about it . but pat , coming back home , told her mother everything . that night kim heard another scream and the day after she ran to pat to tell her what she heard . but neither kim nor anyone else found pat . 
to the manager of the
circle theatre in london
i'm a tourist and i had a week's holiday in london some time ago . i had enjoyed wanted to see the musical show that the circle theatre presented some nights ago; and the actor danny brook's performance . i went to the theatre at 19 . 30 but , to my surprise , the show started at 20:15 and so i couldn't remain there until the end because i had to leave london , with my group before the end of the show . the star , the actor danny brook , wasn't in the musical show but there was another actor , to my great disappointment . 
then , in the programme i could read about a discount available on the tickets , for groups , but i couldn't get that . i couldn't have all the things i expected . 
that evening was terrible for me and for my friends , so i'm not satisfied with your information and i ask for some money back . 
i hope in your answer and in your explanation about this . 
yours sincerely
unfortunately , pat wasn't very good at keeping secrets . 
some days ago , when school was coming to an end , pat and her friends decided to throw a party for their friend , frances , because the end of the school term and francis's birthday were on the same day . that should have been a secret for francis - and they decided on the program and the present , a new gold watch . 
peter and sue asked francis for some help with their exam subjects and francis , all week , was too busy to help them . the last day all the friends went to pat's home with food , musical instruments , and a tape recorder . pat was very excited about this . in the afternoon she had phoned francis's mother and she told her the secret , then she phoned her best friend and she spoke about that again ; she phoned many people all day . now a lot of people knew the secret but pat told everyone: " i will tell you a small secret , but don't you speak about it , please ! " 
in the night francis was invited to the party , at pat's home . when he was out he needed to buy some cigarettes so he went to the shop where the owner , his friend , asked him if he was very happy about his present , the new gold watch , he was very lucky to have best friends like pat and her friends . the francis secret discovered francis discovered the secret ! 
now none of pat's friends tell her about their secrets because pat isn't very good at keeping secrets . 
dear manager , 
i am writing to complain about the musical show that has recently taken place at the circle theatre . the advertisement i had read did not tally with the performance . 
first of all , danny brook was not starring and was replaced by a different actor . that was very disappointing . the performance started forty five forty-five minutes late . moreover , i was unpleasantly surprised to find no discounts were available . 
furthermore , i would not be complaining if the theatre restaurant had been open . according to the advertisement , i could visit it after the show , but it was closed because of the lack of customers . 
my " perfect evening out " was not so perfect and could not satisfy me in any way . from my point of view , the partial refund of the cost of the tickets , which are enclosed with this letter , would completely satisfy my interests . i look forward to hearing from you soon . 
yours faithfully , 
how has modern technology changed my daily life ? 
modern technology has a variety of uses and its possibilities are being widened more and more . today it is used practically in all spheres and its influence on people is not unnoticeable . 
personally i feel the greatest influence from the side of personal computers . their popularity can be explained by their comfort and ease of use . with the help of the " internet " it is possible to get a lot of objective and useful information you are interested in . computers take up the major part of my free time and this is a cause of disagreements between me and my parents . they would like me to go for a walk more often or to help them in their daily chores . i am completely satisfied with the way i spend my free time , but they have another opinion . 
in conclusion , modern technology affects everybody , but in different ways . the only effect on me is more frequent disagreements with my parents . 
dear mary , 
i'm really happy to hear from you ! i've had so much work at school recently ( exams ! ) and so many things to do , that i've almost forgotten how good it is to relax and rest a bit . fortunately , the people from my class are really great and we all love trips - especially interesting ones . 
the boat trip you were asking about in your letter was really fantastic and well organized . there were absolutely no problems and we had lots of fun ! here are some facts for you:
the departures are at 8 am and 10 a . m . every day , but it's much better to set off earlier as the boat is less crowded then ( i know you hate getting up early , but . . . ) . after two hours of the cruise , there is a stop at the beautiful bourne castle where they offer guided tours . i think such a tour is essential , because you can learn lots of interesting things about the history of the castle . 
after visiting the castle there is lunch at a restaurant , but you'd better take a picnic - it's so beautiful there ! 
in the afternoon you can choose from a variety of water sports at the lake . try windsurfing , you'll have lots of fun ! 
i'm telling you - the trip was wonderful and i'm sure your group will like it . especially because the prices are reasonable and if you have a group of 15 people , you get a discount . 
try it and have fun ! 
i'm looking forward to hearing from you . take care , 
it was three o'clock in the morning when the phone rang . i rushed to answer it , but when i picked up the phone , there was nobody there . " stupid teenagers again " - i thought angrily , climbing the stairs to my bedroom . 
suddenly , i heard a strange sound behind me . i turned around quickly , but there was nothing - the sound had disappeared . i began to feel a bit scared , not that i was afraid of ghosts , but . . . i had the impression that something was wrong . i stopped and listened . nothing . a complete silence . 
after a minute i started walking up the stairs again and i heard the same sound - it was the sound of footsteps ! i was so frightened that i could barely move , but i turned my head again . there was nobody there . but something had changed - the kitchen door was wide open . 
suddenly i saw a figure of a man , dressed in black , moving towards me . i couldn't believe my own eyes , so i closed them quickly and ran to my sister's room . 
" jane " - i shouted - " there is a ghost downstairs ! a man , dressed in a black suit ! " 
" i know " - replied my little sister peacefully , - " it's grandpa . don't you know it's his birthday today ? " 
" yes , but our grandpa is dead , don't you remember ? " - i cried . 
" that's right . but haven't you just said you've seen a ghost ? " - she asked and looked at me as if i had lost my mind . 
dear john 
i was very happy to receive your letter . i haven't heard from you for a long time . how are you ? how is your sister , marine ? 
i went on a boat trip with my class last month and it was very exciting and interesting . we were also very lucky with the weather ; it was warm and sunny so we could admire the picturesque views all day long . i think you should definitely go and i'll try to help in any way i can . 
first of all i recommend you go on the 8 a . m . boat . it might mean waking up early but it will be less crowded and more comfortable on the trip . in my opinion a guided tour is essential , because bourne castle is a historical place with galleries full of unique works of art and you will need a guide to explain everything thoroughly and answer all your questions . 
i think you should take a packed lunch with you , because the restaurant is far too expensive and the portions are too small ( you'll get very tired walking around the castle ) . 
i advise you to try the water sports as well . it's a real laugh . 
i'm not sure how many students there are in your class but they give reductions for groups of over 15 people so maybe you'll have to invite some friends to join you . by the way , i'd love to come with you , if it's possible ! i really enjoyed our trip and i'm eager to see you again ! 
looking forward to your reply , 
love
tv - a powerful force that keeps us glued to it for endless hours every day , unable to press the " off " button on the remote control . some say it's evil , it spoils our eyes and personality , others say it's useful , enriches our minds with knowledge and helps teens form their individuality . but can each one of these people answer one simple question ? " could you live without television for a week ? " 
i can honestly say: i could . i like tv , i watch it but luckily i haven't become a tv addict yet . well , maybe only yet . when do we turn on our tv set ? when we are bored and lonely or on the other hand when we are tired of doing something we dislike . so if i lived without television for a week i'd find something else to keep me busy: invite some friends around , read a good interesting book , go bowling or to a swimming pool . this summer i lived for three weeks in a complete tv vacuum in a complete tv vacuum for three weeks . i forgot it had ever existed . i just didn't have time for it , didn't allow it to enter my life . and no , it wasn't a self-made torture . i was just having a good time and i didn't need television to support me and keep me company in the dark summer evenings . 
you might ask me a normal question : " what about the news ? " well , i'm also bothered about what's going on around me but have you forgotten about newspapers ? and the radio ( if you're too lazy to read the news yourself and prefer it to be read to you ! ) 
the biggest difference the absence of tv made in my life was that i actually started living . i think everyone can say " no " to tv because humans' will is far stronger than the invisible hands that lure us into their cave . and it'll be good for you as well , after a week without tv you'll begin to appreciate it and your life a lot more . 
dear pete , 
many thanks for your letter , which arrived just when i was thinking of you . i hope you and your family are feeling well . 
i remember that i agreed to look after your flat while you are in new york on holiday . the only problem is that on 4th april i have my graduation . as you know i'm in ferndown now spending the last minutes studying for exams . i would like to ask you if my arrival at 4 o'clock on the 5th april is convenient for you . if not , please let me know . i'm sure we will find another solution . 
it's very kind of you to let me use things in your flat . i'm over the moon ! can i also " take care " of your computer and cd player and bicycle ? 
can you also let me know when you are going to come back on the 20th ? will it be or dinnertime perhaps ? if so , great ! i will be able to see you . 
you know that helping you is a real pleasure for me . you really don't have to become flat broke from buying things for me but i am interested in american culture . so a tiny " statue of liberty " will be nice . i will finish now as i have a mountain of work to do . i am looking forward to hearing from you . 
take care
yours , 
" junk food instead of a carrot " 
young man , are you aware of what you eat and drink ? are you sure that your diet is healthy enough to help you grow ? 
in today's fast-moving world young people spend less and less time cooking or eating healthy food . when they are at home , especially children , parents take care of them and always prepare a good dinner with meat or a fresh salad for supper . 
however , students who never have time for a healthy diet full of minerals , vitamins and fibre usually finish on " mcdonalds " and hamburgers or big macs . moreover , very often the school canteen doesn't offer varied types of food , like different kinds of bread or salads . usually we don't eat regularly or in good proportions . our grandparents always remembered the value and quality of food . they found time to eat something hot for dinner - the main meal - and even though the times were poorer , people were more sensible . 
in my opinion people , especially the young , should become more aware of what and when they eat and they should work on their lifestyles and keep their head . 
dear pete , 
i hope you have a fantastic time in new york and please don't worry about your flat . everything is going to be under control ! but i want to make some points clear before you leave london . 
first of all , i think i'm going to be busy on the 4th of april . can we change the date to the 5th of april , at 4 o'clock ? 
thanks very much for letting me use your things during my stay . i may need to use particularly the computer and the cd player . is that ok with you ? 
by the way , if you tell me around what time you will be back on the 20th , maybe i can prepare something for dinner . i know you're going to be too tired to cook after 11 hours of flying . 
last of all , thanks for your consideration about bringing me a present . anything as a souvenir would be quite enough for me . i'll leave it to you . i know you have good taste in presents ! ! 
have a great time in the states . 
love , 
to whom it may concern , 
with regards to your advertisement in " the traveller " magazine , i would be pleased to tell you why i want to apply for this trip . 
the first thing that caught my attention in the advert was " . . . eight people from different countries . . . " . i am very interested in meeting and spending time with people from other cultures . 
i am generally known as an easy-going person and i can remain calm in emergency situations and i am quite reliable too . 
obviously a sailing trip has not got the most comfortable conditions but i think this makes the idea more exciting . i believe that facing difficulties will make me more mature in the real world and having friends from all over the world will help me to think " globally " . 
i hope this letter will be enough to explain why i want to do this trip . 
yours faithfully 
dear mr. belinda marriott , 
my name is akihiro and i'm a member of an english club at west isle college . i'm writing this letter to invite you to the event which i'm organizing for people who want to improve their english , as our teacher told me that you have come to live in our area . 
our english club is not a very big one , with 14 students and a teacher . most of the students are between 18 and 22 years old , but there are some older students . the eldest is 28 years old . we all love to learn english . 
at the event , i'd like you to give us a speech . you can tell us about whatever you like . for example , a speech about your latest work would be very nice . i'm planning the event for 15 or 22 february , from 7 to 8 p . m . please tell me which day is good for you . after the event , i'd like to offer you dinner at a japanese restaurant near our college . 
i'm looking forward to hearing from you . 
sincerely yours , 
i had never taken birthdays seriously , neither my own nor those of others , until i had that really special day on my twenty-fourth birthday . 
i was born in may , which is the busiest month for school teachers in japan . unfortunately , both of my parents are teachers . in my childhood , they were always too busy to remember my birthday and i didn't remember my birthday either . 
when i was 23 , i joined an ngo in denmark and started living with other members , most of whom are from europe . on that day , i noticed that they were preparing something for me and that reminded me that it was my birthday . i had never had a birthday party before and i didn't expect much . 
the party was far beyond my expectations . twenty people from five different countries celebrated with me . i had never felt happier . 
i still often forget my birthday , but i will never forget that special one i had two years ago . 
